return to footnote reference 1Your qualifying mortgage must be linked and enrolled in automatic payments on the business day before the end of your statement period. Automatic payments are when you authorize Chase to automatically deduct payment each month from your Chase account. Payments you set up through Online Bill Pay will not be included. Qualifying mortgage accounts include Chase first mortgage accounts (with servicing retained by Chase) that are in good standing.
Chase SapphireSM Checking
How to waive fees
Monthly Service Fee
$25 OR $0 with the following each monthly statement period:
An average beginning day balance of $75,000 or more in any combination of this account and linked qualifying Chase checking, savings and other balances
Chase's website and/or mobile terms, privacy and security policies don't apply to the site or app you're about to visit. Please review its terms, privacy and security policies to see how they apply to you. Chase isn’t responsible for (and doesn't provide) any products, services or content at this third-party site or app, except for products and services that explicitly carry the Chase name.
Chase's website and/or mobile terms, privacy and security policies don't apply to the site or app you're about to visit. Please review its terms, privacy and security policies to see how they apply to you. Chase isn’t responsible for (and doesn't provide) any products, services or content at this third-party site or app, except for products and services that explicitly carry the Chase name.
Chase's website and/or mobile terms, privacy and security policies don't apply to the site or app you're about to visit. Please review its terms, privacy and security policies to see how they apply to you. Chase isn’t responsible for (and doesn't provide) any products, services or content at this third-party site or app, except for products and services that explicitly carry the Chase name.
return to footnote reference 1Chase Online Bill Pay: Must enroll in Chase OnlineSM Banking and activate Online Bill Pay. Certain restrictions and other limitations may apply.
return to footnote reference 2Fees from the ATM owner/network still apply. A Foreign Exchange Rate Adjustment Fee from Chase may apply for ATM withdrawals in a currency other than U.S. dollars.
return to footnote reference 3There is no Chase fee at non-Chase ATMs. Chase will refund ATM fees charged by the ATM owner/network. This benefit will begin the next business day after opening the account. Some ATM owners/networks do not identify these fees in the information they send to us and, as a result, we may not automatically refund the fee. If for any reason the refund is not processed, please contact us. There is no Foreign Exchange Rate Adjustment Fee when conducting transactions in a foreign currency. If you choose to convert an international transaction to U.S. dollars at either an ATM or on a purchase, foreign currency commissions and fees included in the exchange rate charged by third parties are excluded from Chase reimbursements.
return to footnote reference 6Other financial institutions and Chase may deduct fees and/or charges from the amount of the incoming wires, which will reduce the proceeds credited to your account. Any deductions taken by us may include processing fees charged by Chase. No fees for Insufficient Funds and Returned Items — if item(s) are presented or withdrawal request(s) are made against an account with insufficient funds on four or fewer business days in the past 12 months.
return to footnote reference 7Chase QuickDepositSM is subject to deposit limits and funds are typically available by next business day. Deposit limits may change at any time. Other restrictions apply. See Opens in a new windowChase.com/QuickDeposit or the Chase Mobile® app for eligible mobile devices, limitations, terms, conditions and details. Chase Mobile® app is available for select mobile devices. Enroll in Chase OnlineSM. Message and data rates may apply.
return to footnote reference 8There is no charge from Chase, but message and data rates may apply. Such charges include those from your communication service provider. Delivery of alerts may be delayed for various reasons, including service outages affecting your phone, wireless or Internet provider; technology failures and system capacity limitations.
return to footnote reference 9Chase QuickPay® with Zelle®: Enrollment in Chase QuickPay® with Zelle® is required. Both parties need a U.S. bank account; only one needs an eligible Chase account. Funds are typically made available in minutes when the recipient’s email address or U.S. mobile number is already enrolled with Zelle (go to https://register.zellepay.comOpens Overlay to view participating banks). Select transactions could take up to 3 business days. Enroll on the Chase Mobile app or Chase Online. Limitations may apply. Message and data rates may apply.
Zelle and the Zelle related marks are wholly owned by Early Warning Services, LLC and are used herein under license.
Products and services described as well as associated fees, charges, interest rates and balance requirements may differ among different geographic locations. Not all products and services are offered at all locations.
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Member FDIC. Equal Opportunity Lender.