You don’t have to be a Rocket Scientist to get your head around Facebook. In fact, its user-friendly interface can be used by anyone who has obtained basic education. So, this ease of use makes it one of the most successful platforms in the world. Thus, the top 3 Reasons for Facebook’s Popularity worldwide. It
HOW TO BECOME POPULAR ON INSTAGRAM
We have decided to help you in this situation. How to become popular on Instagram? This article is a great help for those who are looking for various tricks or tools about how to become popular on Instagram. Today, everyone wants to become popular on Instagram as it is a top social media platform. It
Ban someone on facebook page
Just created a company page or a fan page on Facebook? How to ban someone on facebook page? But, if somebody is posting superfluous stuff (i.e. silly comments and posts) on your page, at that position you should need to block that person from your page. Facebook now provides many privacy settings which can be used to
Social media influencers and Scam
Social media influencers and scam, there are so many personalities on social media because, on social media, you can become anyone you want to be with the belief that all secrets are safe on social media. An isolated trend that has become a thing in recent years is working with paid online influencers. These influencers
Spying on Your Facebook Friends and the Benefits
Can find out what Friends Think about you Gone are the days when you couldn’t find out what your friends thought about you. Now that you can find software, tools or apps on smartphones. That will help you to hack into Facebook accounts and have access to your Facebook friends, messages. Spying on Your Facebook
Why everyone can be a Hacker
Why everyone can be a Hacker? A computer hacker is a skilled computer expert who uses his expertise to overcome any computer challenge. But in most cases when most people hear the word hacker, what comes on their mind is a person who can use their computer knowledge to break into other people’s computer systems
HOW FACEBOOK BECAME SO BIG
HOW FACEBOOK BECAME SO BIG? Over 2 billion people of all ages use Facebook today. On smartphones, tablets and computers. people access Facebook on daily basis. Facemash, as Facebook was once called started in 2003. An Harvard student by the name MARK ZUCKERBERG created this online website for use only by Harvard students. The Goal
Advantages of spying on someone
Advantages of spying on someone. Since the innovation of the smartphones our lives have become so much easier but there still some questions that are raised regarding the role of these phones in our society Smartphones have a lot of benefits but sadly they also have their negative side. The use of smartphones has made
Why Facebook are the best social media
Why Facebook are the best social media? Facebook is the best social media networking website and it’s very popular some best features users can post comments, share photographs and post links to news or other interesting content on the web, chat live, and watch short-form video, there’s a fantastic chance they’re already on the lookout
Why Hack your Girlfriend Facebook Account
Why Hack your Girlfriend Facebook Account? Due to the websites or the application of various social networks, people have hundreds of social networking platforms. Therefore, they can use more than one or a few social networking applications on their mobile phone. In this digital world, people rarely use a personal computer to access social networking