Helping you get back to business
Personalize Your Deliveries
Need to customize this delivery?
Learn how FedEx Delivery Manager® can help ensure your deliveries meet your schedule - not the other way.
Enter up to 30 FedEx tracking numbers
Getting ready for what's next
Through this global crisis, you continue to persevere. And like our 2020 Small Business Grant Contest grand prize winner, Access Trax, you’ve found a way to adapt. Now, as the country begins to reopen, it’s time to pivot again. We’re ready to help you take on the challenges to come with expert guidance on how to address your shipping and e-commerce needs.
Here to help you deliver
Global efforts to stop the spread of COVID-19 have changed the world—and the way you do business—overnight. We’re here to help your business deliver for you and your customers.
Help for new shippers
Many brick-and-mortar businesses are offering delivery for the first time. Learn about the process from getting a rate and shipping, to tracking deliveries.See solutions
We're open for business
FedEx Office and retail locations are here to help you safely pack, print, and ship. Need to get things done, but can’t go out? We have solutions for that, too.See options
Support for small businesses
Have questions about scaling, funding or technology? Get advice from experts and small business owners like yourself at our Small Business Center (SBC).Visit the SBC
Here to help you stay connected
Sign up for FedEx Delivery Manager to receive notifications on when to expect your deliveries, tell your FedEx driver where to leave packages at your home, or even redirect them to another address.
Out of crisis comes strength
We're continuing to make critical connections around the globe during the coronavirus outbreak, delivering strength to people and communities in need.
To continue providing our customers with the best possible service during this time, we are implementing a temporary surcharge on all FedEx Express international parcel and freight shipments beginning April 6th.