I. General Description of FirstBank’s Electronic Banking Services A. What This Terms and Conditions Agreement Covers This Agreement between you and FirstBank (FirstBank) governs the use of FirstBank’s Electronic Services, which include Digital Banking (Online and Mobile), and Bill Payments. These services permit FirstBank customers to perform several banking functions through the use of a personal computer or, for some functions, a mobile device (e.g., tablet or smartphone). Unless indicated otherwise by the context, "linked FirstBank Accounts" or "linked Accounts" refers to all of your Accounts with FirstBank that are linked to Digital Banking. B. Accepting the Agreement By continuing and completing with the enrollment process, you confirm that you have reviewed and accepted the terms of this Agreement (hereinafter referred to as the “Service Agreement”) which are being provided in electronic form. Furthermore, when you use any of the Electronic Banking Services described in this Agreement, or authorize others to use them, you agree to the terms and conditions of the entire Service Agreement without any modification whatsoever. C. Relation to Other Agreements Your use of the Electronic Banking Services described in this Service Agreement may also be affected by the Deposit Account Agreement or any other agreement between you and us, for your linked FirstBank Accounts, as it may apply. When you link an Account to FirstBank’s Electronic Services, you do not change the agreements you already have with us for that Account. For example, if you link a Bonus Checking Account to Digital Banking, the terms and conditions of your Bonus Account customer agreement(s) and/or user agreement(s) do not change. You should review those and other FirstBank Account related agreements and fee schedules for any applicable fees, for limitations on the number of transactions you can make, liability rules for electronic fund transfers, and for other restrictions that might impact your use of an Account with FirstBank’s Electronic Services. In a situation where a conflict may exist between this Service Agreement and each Account’s specific agreements, the agreement of the specific Account affected will prevail. You hereby agree to maintain and use FirstBank’s Electronic Services conforming to the terms and conditions set forth in this Service Agreement as well as those that govern each one of your Accounts, which may include, but is not limited to, payment of charges related with the use and/or maintenance of said Accounts. D. Definitions For the purpose of this Terms and Conditions, the terms "you", “your”, and “yours” refer to the customer who is the user of service; “FirstBank", “Bank”, "us", and "our” refer to FirstBank Puerto Rico. Unless otherwise specified throughout the Service Agreement, the following terms are generally defined as follows: 1. Accounts: generally, includes any type of financial relationship between you and FirstBank which is accessible through the FirstBank’s Digital Banking (Online & Mobile), and Bill Payment Service. Generally, includes personal and commercial deposit Accounts, personal loans, mortgage loans, credit cards, and/or other types of financial relationships. Please note that certain Accounts may not be accessible through FirstBank’s Electronic Services. 2. “Linked FirstBank Accounts" or "Linked Accounts": refers to all Accounts with FirstBank that you have linked to Digital Banking and Bill Payment Services. 3. Business Day: Monday through Friday. Saturdays, Sundays, and holidays are excluded. 4. Digital Banking: includes all the services and/or components of FirstBank’s online- and mobile-based applications (computer and/or mobile) which, subject to security measures imposed by the Bank, grants access through the Internet to the customer so that he/she may choose from a variety of financial services offered by FirstBank. This service allows customers to view balances and transactions, make transfers and payments online, and manage other Account-related features. a. Online Banking Service: includes all the services and/or components of FirstBank’s online-based application which, subject to security measures imposed by the Bank, grants access through the Internet to the customers that enroll online through our webpage www.1firstbank.com so that he/she may choose from a variety of financial services offered by FirstBank. As a general rule, the customer will need a personal computer or similar electronic device with web capabilities that meet the minimum system requirements detailed below. b. Mobile Banking Service: includes most services and/or components of FirstBank’s Digital Banking Service which, subject to security measures imposed by the Bank, grants access to customer mobile devices (smartphone and/or tablet) that enroll in our Mobile Banking Service through our web browser for mobile devices (WAP) and/or the native mobile application, which is an application that is specific to the device (iPhone and/or Android App). Both can be downloaded from their respective Applications Stores, Apple’s App Store and Google’s Play Store. Generally, the customer will need a smartphone, tablet, or similar device with web capabilities that meet the minimum system requirements detailed below. 5. Electronic Banking Services: includes Digital Banking (which contemplates Online and Mobile Banking) and Bill Payment services. 6. Electronic Statements (e-statements): Online Banking feature where the customer can choose to receive paperless delivery for Account statements (e-statements). The customer may click on the Account’s actions menu and click activate e-statements and turn on the activate button for that specific Account. When a statement is delivered online, we send an email to alert you that it is available for viewing in Digital Banking. You must have a valid email address to receive these alerts. E-statements are provided in PDF. In order to view, print, or save copies of your Account statements, you will need to ensure that the computer or device you are using has a PDF reader. 7. Transfers: Digital Banking feature that allows customers to transfer funds via Online and/or Mobile Banking. There are three types of transfers: transfers between customers’ own FirstBank Accounts, transfers between FirstBank Accounts, and external Account fund transfers to other financial institution Accounts. 8. Mobile Remote Deposit Capture (RDC): Mobile Banking feature that allows certain FirstBank linked deposit Accounts to receive deposits. Customers may take pictures of the front and back of the check and deposit it via the Mobile Banking Check Deposit feature. The back of the check needs to be endorsed; it must include the phrase “For mobile deposit only” on Account #XXXXXXXX, and the customer’s signature. 9. Bill Payment Service: Digital Banking module that allows customers to make payments online through our Digital Banking Service, via telephone using Telephone Banking (“IVR”) and/or by contacting a FirstBank Customer Service Representative. 10. Alerts & Notifications: Digital Banking module that allows customers to set up Account alerts and/or receive notifications regarding important Account activities, such as security and transactional alerts – transfer and payment confirmation. Alerts, such as Account balances and transactions, need to be set up by the customer. Deposit, transfer, and payment confirmations are automatically activated. II. Available services Depending on the nature of your financial relationship(s) with FirstBank’s Electronic Banking Services, which includes Digital Banking (Online/Mobile) and Bill Payment services you may be able to use: A. Online Banking 1. Bilingual (English and Spanish) 2. Self-enrollment 3. Enhanced Digital Security a. Security Image b. Secret security question & answer c. Personal Identification Number (PIN) 4. Customers Relations view a. Standard, combined, and grouped 5. Deposit Account a. Real-time balance b. Download transaction history (Excel, CSV, PDF) c. Check-image view d. E-statements (eighteen (18) months) e. Download statement in PDF 6. Transfers a. Between your own FirstBank deposit Accounts b. Between deposit Accounts of FirstBank customers' c. External transfers (P2P) 1. Includes same-day feature d. Scheduled transfers (desktop only) e. Add/modify Accounts f. Reserve Line Cash Advance/Payment (transfer) 7. Consumer Retail Credit (Auto, Boat and Personal Loans) a. Original loan amount b. Current loan balance c. Next payment date d. Monthly payment 8. Bill Payments a. Bill Payments 1. Add payees 2. Schedule payments b. Pay FirstBank loans with other financial institution deposit Accounts 1. Schedule payments 9. Transactions a. Favorites b. Scheduled c. History d. Bill History e. Check Stop-payment History 10. Account Management a. Check copy b. Account statement copy c. Redeem Bonus / Power One reward points d. Travel notification e. Allow FirstBank to contact me (TCPA) f. Checking or savings Account certification g. Reorder checks h. Cancel and replace debit card i. Check stop payment 11. Message Inbox 12. Personal Financial Management (PFM) 13. View Rewards Programs Balance 14. Configure Account Alerts and Notifications 15. Settings a. Personal Information b. Change Password c. Change PIN d. Secret Question e. Product Aliases f. Notification Channels 1. Inbox 2. E-mail 3. Push B. Mobile Banking 1. Bilingual (English and Spanish) 2. Self-enrollment 3. Enhanced Digital Security a. Touch ID / Face ID b. Secret Security Question & Answer c. Personal Identification Number (PIN) 4. Deposit Accounts a. Real-Time Balance b. Deposit Checks (mobile remote deposit capture) c. Check-image view d. E-statements (eighteen (18) months) e. Download statement in PDF 5. Transfers a. Between Own Deposit Accounts/li b. Between FirstBank Deposit Accounts c. External Transfers (P2P) 1. Includes same-day feature d. Reserve Line Cash Advance/Payment (transfer) 6. Consumer Retail Credit (Auto, Boat and Personal Loans) a. Original loan amount b. Current loan balance c. Next payment date d. Monthly payment 7. Bill Payments a. Bill payments b. Pay FirstBank loans with other financial institution deposit Accounts c. Payment history 8. Transaction History 9. Account Management a. Check copy b. Account statement copy c. Redeem Bonus / Power One reward points d. Travel notification e. Allow FirstBank to contact me (TCPA) f. Checking or savings Account certification g. Reorder checks h. Cancel and replace debit card i. Check stop payment 10. Message Inbox 11. View Rewards Program Balance 12. Mobile Banking Additional Benefits a. News section b. Offers c. Locators (Branch & ATM) d. Contact Us e. Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) f. Links of interests (Social Media, Corporate Portals, Investors Relations) 13. Settings a. Change Password b. Change PIN c. Secret Question d. Product Aliases e. Other Settings 1. Language 2. Sign-in with Touch-ID / Face-ID 14. Terms & Conditions C. Payment Service FirstBank offers two (2) different services from which you may make payments to bill payments and loan payments. 1. Bill Payment FirstBank customers may use their checking Accounts to pay bills, businesses, and other payees. a. Select payees from FirstBank billers’ directory 1. In Online Banking, you may add payees (desktop version only) by clicking Payments > Bills > Select a service > Payment Center link b. Register a payee not found in the directory by specifying the Account number with the payee and any other information that may be required by FirstBank c. Schedule payments 2. Loan Payment a. Select a linked loan Account b. Pay with a FirstBank checking or statement savings Account c. Pay loan with another financial institution’s deposit Account d. Schedule payments III. Electronic Communications The Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act (E-Sign) allows us to provide by electronic means all the notices and disclosures related to the Electronic Banking Services to satisfy any statute or regulation that requires such information to be in writing, after first obtaining your affirmative consent. A. Consent You understand that the terms and conditions of Electronic Banking Services are being provided in electronic form and any acceptance by you of such terms and conditions constitutes your consent to said terms and conditions and acknowledgement of the receipt of the disclosures. Your consent will also apply to any other person named on your Account, product, or service. You agree that all future notices about FirstBank’s Electronic Banking Services will be provided electronically to the email address provided by you in the enrollment process, depending on the service. B. Right to Withdraw your Consent For Electronic Banking Services, if you withdraw your consent, we may stop providing you with communications electronically and we may terminate your FirstBank Online and Mobile Banking Service access. Your withdrawal of consent is effective only after you have communicated your withdrawal to us by calling FirstLine Solutions Center and FirstBank has had a reasonable period of time to act upon your withdrawal. Your consent shall remain in force until withdrawn in the manner provided in this section. C. Right to Receive Documents You may print or make a copy of communications by using the "Print" button (or otherwise using your printing functionality) or saving a copy - do this when you first review the communications because after submission, we do not necessarily keep them all in a place that you can access. Upon request, we will provide you with a paper copy of any communication provided electronically by us to you. You may request such communications by calling FirstLine Solutions Center. We may charge fees for paper copies of the communications. D. Notifying Changes If your e-mail address or other contact information is changed, you must notify us of such changes immediately through one of the following methods: 1. You may access Digital Banking’s menu by clicking on Settings > Personal Information and updating your information. 2. You may also click on Services > For My Accounts and choose the change of address service to update your physical and mailing address on file. 3. You may call FirstLine Solutions Center and notify the contact information changes. If you fail to update or change an incorrect e-mail address or other contact information, you understand and agree that any communication shall nevertheless be deemed as having been provided to you if they were made available to you in electronic form in your Digital Banking Service inbox or e-mailed to the last e-mail address we have on file for you. IV. Hardware and Software Requirements Prior to accepting the electronic delivery of disclosures, you should verify that you have the required hardware and software necessary to access the system and retrieve documents and disclosures in an electronic format. The minimum system requirements that you will need include: A. Digital Banking 1. Online Banking You must have internet access, a browser that supports Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and 256-bit encryption, and a PDF reader. a. Compatible browsers supported: 1. Internet Explorer, version 10 or higher 2. Chrome, latest version 3. Safari, latest version 4. Firefox, latest version B. Mobile Banking You must have internet access through your mobile service provider and the browser that supports Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and 256-bit encryption. a. Native App devices and operating systems supported are: 1. iOS 6, iOS 7, iOS 8.0-8.3, + 2. iPhone 4, 4S, 5, 5C, 5S, 6, 6S, 7, 8 and X, + 3. Android 2, 3, 4, 5, + The Bank disclaims all responsibility for the compatibility of your equipment and/or costs or expenses associated with the installation, use, and maintenance of the equipment, telephone lines, and/or your Internet access provider or wireless carrier. As such, it is your responsibility to maintain equipment that is compatible with FirstBank’s Electronic Banking Service specifications. You shall also be responsible for all costs and expenses related to the installation, use, and maintenance of your equipment, of telephone lines, and your Internet access provider and/or wireless carrier. V. Security Measures & Infrastructure By using Digital Banking, you acknowledge and agree that this Agreement sets forth security procedures for electronic banking transactions that are commercially reasonable. You agree to be bound by instructions, whether authorized or unauthorized, which we implement in compliance with these procedures, unless you have given us prior notice of possible unauthorized use and we had reasonable opportunity to act on such notice. Security measures and infrastructure of Digital Banking Service ensure a secure service in compliance with requirements that guarantee the privacy of our customers' information. During the enrollment process, FirstBank’s security measures require that you create a unique username, password, a 4-digit PIN, secret question and answer, and that you choose an image (desktop version only) in order to access your Accounts through FirstBank’s Digital Banking platform. Do not share this information with anyone. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Account, its username and password, and restricting access to your computer and mobile device. You hereby agree that authorized signers on your Account are also authorized to use the FirstBank’s Electronic Banking Services and features for the specific Account. A. Security in Digital Banking 1. Username: must be unique and is case sensitive. Required for enrollment and login. 2. Password: password must include at least eight (8) characters, one (1) number, one (1) special character (!@#$%^&*.,<>), and one (1) lower case. Required for enrollment and login. 3. Image: during the enrollment process, you need to choose an image. This particular image will be present at the time of login. 4. Secret Question and Answer: you are required to create a secret question and answer. These are to be known only by you. 5. Personal Identification Number (PIN): a 4-digit number required for enrollment and login. 6. Customers using Mobile Banking will be able to use biometric identification systems. Those using Apple’s iPhone will be able to use Touch ID and Face ID if the phone supports the technology. Touch ID is a fingerprint recognition feature that allows you to unlock your device, whereas Face ID takes a 3D image of the face and uses it to unlock the device. Customers using Android will use their fingerprint or Face scanner to unlock their device with their fingerprint or face. 7. Password Changes: It is recommended that you change your password regularly. If you forget your password or want to change it, you must do so during "login" by clicking on "Forgot my password" on the Digital Banking homepage, or by contacting FirstLine Solutions Center. 8. Duplicate Session: Digital Banking will send an email notification if the system detects simultaneous logins from different devices. 9. Automatic Logoff: Digital Banking logs off automatically if the system detects no activity after fifteen (15) minutes. 10. Password Lock: If you fail to correctly provide your password five (5) times, you will be automatically blocked. The only way to regain access is through a FirstLine Solutions Center Customer Service Representative. B. Security in Infrastructure 1. Secure Connection: When you access Electronic Banking Services, you are automatically in a secure session. In the browser address bar of your choice, you will see that the address begins with "https://" and the image of a closed lock appears on the right or left side, depending on your browser of preference. All data exchanged between you and the Bank will be encrypted so that third parties cannot read or modify them. 2. Encryption System A high-grade encryption protocol is used to ensure the security of your information. This is a process that makes all the information that travels through FirstBank’s Electronic Banking Services unreadable. 3. Protection: The connection of our systems is protected by firewalls and antivirus, which are updated at all times. 4. Security Certificates: To check the security certificate page, click on the closed lock image on the right/left side of the navigation bar contains Digital Banking’s URL: www.digitalbanking.1firstbank.com FirstBank disclaims any obligation, express or implied, to investigate and/or verify if the use of FirstBank’s Electronic Banking Services or the access to said services is carried out by a person authorized by you or according to the safety measures adopted by you. When using these services, you are aware and agree that transmissions through the Internet or Telephone are never completely private and secure. Although FirstBank takes strict security measures to protect the contents of your transmissions and confidential data, the Bank disclaims all liability for any malicious attacks on its Electronic Banking Services platforms that may result in a breach of data security if such events are reasonably beyond the security controls implemented by FirstBank. Furthermore, you understand that your message and/or information sent through FirstBank’s Electronic Banking Services platforms may be read by other FirstBank employees and/or non-affiliated third parties. If you suspect that any of your login information to FirstBank’s Electronic Banking Services was compromised and/or notice unauthorized transactions, it is your responsibility to change the password immediately through Digital Banking’s Settings menu and contact FirstLine Solutions Center for additional instructions. VI. Deposits A. Mobile Remote Deposit Capture (RDC) – Mobile Express Deposit / Mobile First Deposit You may be eligible to make mobile RDC deposits to linked deposit and/or savings Accounts. You can send an image of the front and back of a check captured by your mobile device using our Mobile Banking App (iOS and Android). 1. Access a. FirstBank will evaluate several criteria to determine your eligibility for the Mobile Express Deposit / Mobile First Deposit feature. The Bank reserves the right to modify the eligibility criteria and/or suspend your access in Mobile Express Deposit / Mobile First Deposit at any time. b. You may only deposit checks payable to the Account holder; the back of the check needs to be endorsed; it must include the phrase “For mobile deposit only” on Account #XXXXXXXX, and the customer’s signature. c. FirstBank will reject mobile deposits if customers fail to include the phrase “for mobile deposit only”. d. Certain items may not be deposited: 1. Checks with double endorsement 2. Checks payable to a non-Account holder 3. Money orders 4. Traveler’s checks 5. Savings bonds 6. Copy of checks 7. Checks from foreign institutions 2. Process a. Endorse the check with your signature, Account number, and include the phrase “For Mobile Deposit Only”. b. Take a picture of the front and the back of the check. c. Press submit and send images of check through the Mobile Express Deposit / Mobile First Deposit feature in your Mobile Banking App. d. You will receive an email confirmation stating that the check deposit was submitted. e. FirstBank reserves the right to correct the amount deposited, in the event the amount provided by you and the amount written on the check do not match. f. Once the check is reviewed you will receive an email confirming whether it was approved or rejected. 1. FirstBank reserves the right to reject any image sent for processing. g. If approved: 1. Checks deposited on the same day before 7:00 p.m. will be deposited on the same Business Day. Certain exceptions may apply. 2. For details on the availability of funds, please refer to our disclosure related to the availability of funds deposited in Individual Transaction Accounts (Regulation CC) in your Deposit Account Agreement. 3. Deposit Limits a. Monetary deposit limits: $3,500 per check, $3,500 daily total and up to $10,000 on a 25-day period b. Check deposit limits: maximum of ten (10) checks daily and up to twenty-five (25) checks in a 25-day period c. You are responsible for the quality and fidelity of the check deposited to the linked Account 4. Check Retention a. Once the check is sent for deposit, you must store it in a safe place for at least thirty (30) days after your deposit is credited to your Account. 5. Termination a. You agree to refrain from depositing the same check twice through any other deposit channel and/or any combination thereof. Attempting to submit the same check on more than one occasion will be considered misuse of the Mobile Express Deposit / Mobile First Deposit service and may result in the cancellation of the service. b. We may turn off the service to you if you have not signed into the Mobile Banking for 90 days, if we suspect fraud, if you misuse Mobile Deposit, have excessive overdrafts or returned items or for other reasons at our sole discretion. VII. Bill Payment When you initiate a Bill Payment service, you authorize FirstBank to debit your FirstBank deposit Account or another financial institution’s debit Account according to the provided specifications and to remit funds to the payee on your behalf. You must have sufficient available funds or credit in the Account to make a payment or transfer, or for you to engage in any other transaction involving the payment. You agree to make bill payments when due or schedule bill payments at least seven (7) days in advance of the due date, not including any grace periods. Otherwise, the Bank will not be liable and does not guarantee that the payment can be processed, transferred, or sent before the due date. You understand that we begin processing bill payment instructions between two (2) and three (3) Business Days prior to the scheduled payment day, depending on the payment. It is your responsibility to authorize bill payments in such a manner that the bills will be paid in a timely manner and that the payee will receive your payment no later than the due date on the statement provided to you by the payee. FirstBank will not be liable for late charges or any type of penalty that the creditor imposes on you, or for damages or inconveniences of any kind suffered by you because of payments that are lost in the mail or payments made after their due date, if said delay in the payment is attributable to a late notice from you. FirstBank will only bear responsibility for any late payment related charges as long as the payment was scheduled in accordance with this Agreement and FirstBank’s gross negligence or intentional conduct resulted in non-compliance with the Terms and Conditions of this Agreement. A. Three (3) types of payments 1. Non-recurring Payments: a one-time payment to be debited from your Account on the same date you process the payment. You will give us instructions regarding the exact amount to be paid each time you access the service. 2. Recurring Payments: you can select the frequency of the payment (weekly, every two weeks, monthly, twice a month, quarterly, annual). These payments must be for the same amount each time. 3. Future Payments: a one-time payment to be made in the near future. You will inform us of the exact amount and the specific date, up to a limit of one year from the date of issuance. You may request a payment to be delivered one time, or on an automatic recurring basis in such manner as you direct. We reserve the right to limit the frequency and dollar amount of transactions from your Accounts. You acknowledge that some payments may vary during the time the Bill Payment Service is in effect. It is expressly agreed that it is your obligation to notify us if a change occurs in the amount of the fixed payment, the frequency or Account number with the payee. A notice of change must be made ten (10) days before the effective date of the payment for the adjustment’s effective date to be processed before the date designated for the processing of the payment. FirstBank will not be liable for discrepancies in any fixed payments made before receiving and processing the notice of change. Recurring payments that occur on a weekend or holiday will be scheduled for the next Business Day following the weekend or holiday. B. Bill Payment Method FirstBank reserves the right to select the method with which to remit funds on your behalf to your payee. These payment methods may include, but may not be limited to, an electronic payment and an electronic-to-check payment. When using the electronic payment method, FirstBank will generally debit your Account within twenty-four (24) hours of receiving your instructions for the payment, or whenever FirstBank decides it appropriate to complete the payment according to your instructions. FirstBank agrees to periodically update the information you may obtain through the FirstBank’s Digital Banking Service. However, you recognize and accept that FirstBank is under no obligation to update said information at a specific hour of the day or subject to a specific schedule. Balances shown in your Account may include deposits subject to our verification. The balance reflected in FirstBank’s Digital Banking Service may differ from your records due to deposits in progress; outstanding checks; or other withdrawals, payments, or charges. You will be able to pay bills and FirstBank’s loans through the “Pay” link within our Online and Mobile Banking Services. All transactions made through FirstBank’s Digital Banking before 5:00 p.m. of any Business Day will be reflected in your Account the same day as when the transaction was conducted. Transactions conducted after 5:00 p.m. during any Business Day or made on a Saturday, Sunday or Bank holiday, will be reflected in your Account on the next business day. Your monthly Account statement will reflect all transactions processed by FirstBank and the dates on which said transactions were processed. C. Bill Payment Transaction Limits & Bill Payment Transaction History For security reasons, FirstBank may limit the amount or the number of transactions permitted in this service. You will be able to view all payments that have been processed individually. The system will maintain the history of all payments made by you over the past twelve (12) months. You will be able to print the confirmations through the web page; you will also receive a confirmation of the payment with the reference number via email. D. Prohibited Payment You agree not to use the Bill Payment Service to: 1. Make any tax payments 2. Court-ordered payments You agree that if you attempt to make payments for taxes or court-ordered payments, FirstBank will not be responsible for that payment. The bill payment guarantee, as it applies to any late payment related charges, is void when these types of payments are scheduled and/or processed by the service. E. Cancelling Payments 1. Bill Payments: to cancel a payment, you must log on to Online Banking Service and follow the directions provided on the Bill Payment screens. The cancel feature is found in the Payment Center section of Online Banking. 2. Future-dated Payments: can be cancelled prior to 5:00 p.m. of the third bank Business Day prior to the scheduled delivery date. 3. Alternative Method: the easiest and most convenient way to cancel a payment is through the method described above. However, you may request to cancel a scheduled or recurring payment by calling us at FirstLine Solutions Center. We must receive your cancellation request three (3) bank Business Days or more before the payment is scheduled for processing. If you call, we may also require you to put your request in writing and deliver it to us within fourteen (14) days after your call. If you call or write to cancel a payment that is pending, you will be charged a stop-payment fee, as established in your Deposit Account Agreement. FirstBank shall not be liable for payments completed if the cancellation process described under this section has not been completed properly and timely. F. Bill Payment Confirmation Notifications Automatic notifications are sent to you following your payments. You do not need to activate these alerts. We automatically activate them for you. Payment confirmations will be sent to the email address you have provided as your primary email address for Digital Banking. These confirmations provide information regarding your payments. VIII. Transfers A. Making Transfers You can set instructions in Online Banking to perform the following one-time and/or scheduled transfers: 1. Between your Accounts 2. To other FirstBank customers’ Accounts 3. Transfer funds to other financial institution’s deposit Accounts You will be able to transfer through the “Transfer” menu within our Digital Banking Services. You may transfer funds between your FirstBank Accounts through FirstBank’s Digital Banking before 5:00 p.m. of any Business Day, and it will be reflected in your Account the same day as when the transfer was conducted. Transfers sent after 5:00 p.m. during any Business Day, or made on a Saturday, Sunday, or Bank holiday will be processed on the next Business Day. Your monthly Account statement will reflect all transfers processed by FirstBank and the dates on which said transfers were processed. You may transfer funds to other FirstBank customers’ Accounts through FirstBank’s Digital Banking Service before 5:00 p.m. of any Business Day and it will be reflected in your Account the same day as when the transfer was conducted. Transfers sent after 5:00 p.m. during any Business Day or on a Saturday, Sunday, or Bank holiday will be processed on the next Business Day. Your monthly Account statement will reflect all transfers processed by FirstBank and the dates on which said transfers were processed. You may transfer funds to other financial institutions through FirstBank’s Digital Banking Service. For same-day transfers, you need to activate the same-day feature on the screen. If you do not activate the same day feature transactions will be process regularly (2 business days). Same-day transfers must activate the same-day feature on the screen and make the transfer before 1:00 p.m. on any Business Day, for a $3.99 fee. These transactions will be reflected on your account the same day of the transfer. Transfers to other financial institutions. Any external transfer made after 1:00 p.m. on weekdays, weekends or holidays will be processed as a regular transaction and will be reflected within two business days. For example, if you make an external transfer on a Monday before 1:00 p.m., and you select Same-Day, it will be reflected on Monday. If you make an external transfer after 1:00 p.m., you will not be able to select Same-Day and it will be processed within two business days, i.e., Wednesday. Your monthly account statement will reflect all transactions processed by FirstBank and the dates on which such transactions were processed. Based on your instructions, the transfer will be made by debiting the designated Account and the funds will be credited to the Account that has been selected by you. You may schedule transfers and include other FirstBank customers Account information in our Online Banking Service, by using the Manage > Other Accounts feature. You may execute any type of transfers through either channel Online and/or Mobile Banking. You authorize FirstBank to withdraw, debit, or charge the necessary funds from your designated Account in order to complete all of your designated transfers. You agree that you will instruct us to make a withdrawal only when a sufficient balance is or will be available in your Accounts at the time of the transfer. The completion of a transfer is subject to the availability of sufficient funds (including any overdraft protection plans) at the time the transaction is posted. If enough funds to complete the transfer are not available, we may either (i) complete the transaction and overdraw the Account or (ii) refuse to complete the transaction. In either case, we may charge a non-sufficient funds (NSF), returned item, overdraft, or similar fee. FirstBank is under no obligation to inform you if it does not complete a payment or transfer because there are non-sufficient funds in your Account to process the transaction. In this case, you are responsible for making alternate arrangements or rescheduling the payment within Digital Banking. The Bank reserves the right to modify the eligibility criteria and/or suspend your ability to make transfers at any time. B. Cancelling Transfers You cannot cancel any transfer after it has been submitted in FirstBank’s Digital Banking Service and the information has been transmitted to us. C. Transfer Confirmation Notifications Automatic notifications are sent to you following your transfers. You do not need to activate these notifications. We automatically activate them for you. Transfer confirmations will be sent to the email address you have provided as your primary email address for Online & Mobile Banking. For between FirstBank Account and external transfers, you may include the receiver’s email address to notify the person receiving the transfer of funds. IX. Suspend check payment (Stop Payment) The suspension of payment is governed by the terms and conditions established in the Deposit Account Agreement and will be subject to the service charges in effect at the time of the request. The suspension of payment will take effect on the working day following the day on which said suspension is requested and, as of that moment, it will continue in force for six (6) months. FirstBank will send you a request for confirmation of suspension of payment by mail. You agree to sign and return to FirstBank such confirmation of your request for suspension of payment within fourteen (14) days. X. Digital Alerts and Notifications FirstBank provides various types of alerts and notifications, such as security, Account/transactional, and fraud. These are sent through email, push, and/or inbox, depending on the type of alert/notification, channel of preference, and frequency. A push notification is a message that pops up on a mobile device. A. General and Security Notifications These notifications are automatically sent to you through email following important Account activities, such as new enrollment, reset username and password, duplicate Digital Banking session, and important information sent by the Bank. You may choose to add push and inbox notifications as additional channels for receiving alerts and notifications. B. Account/Transactional Alerts and Notifications You may activate Account email alerts for deposit Accounts. These alerts include Account balance (any, greater than, less than) and transactional (any transaction greater than, any transaction less than). You will receive automatic email confirmation notifications for one-time and/or scheduled transfers made through our Digital Banking Service and for one-time and/or scheduled payments made through any of our Digital Banking payment modules (loans and bills). C. Alerts and Notifications are subject to the following: 1. We may add new alerts and notifications from time to time or cancel old alerts. We usually notify you when we cancel alerts, but we are not obligated to do so. 2. Alerts will be sent to the email address you have provided as your primary email address for Digital Banking. Your alerts will be updated to reflect the changes that you communicate to us with regard to your primary and secondary email addresses or mobile device number. 3. We do our best to provide alerts in a timely manner with accurate information, but alerts may be delayed or prevented by a variety of factors beyond our control (such as system failures or misdirected delivery). We don’t guarantee the delivery or accuracy of alerts. The contents of an alert may be outdated by the time an alert is sent or received due to other activity on your Account or to delays in sending data among various systems. You agree that we are not liable for any delays, failure to deliver, or misdirected delivery of any alert; for any errors in the content of an alert or for any actions taken or not taken by you or a third party as the result of an alert. 4. Because alerts are not encrypted, we will never include your passcode or full Account number. However, alerts may include your name and some information about your Accounts. Depending upon the type of alert, information such as your Account balance, transaction information or due date for certain payments may be included. Anyone with access to your alerts will be able to view the contents of these messages. XI. Rights and Responsibilities (only applicable to Accounts primarily used for personal, family, or for household purposes) A. Notification of errors or questions about your electronic transfers If you detect and/or suspect that an error has occurred through inspection of your statements and/or transfer records, or if you need immediate assistance, you must contact our FirstLine Solutions Center immediately. The telephone number and address are found at the end of this Agreement. You will also find this information detailed on your monthly statement. Contact us immediately if you think: 1. Your statement or transaction record is wrong. 2. You need information about a transaction listed on your statement. 3. An unauthorized person has discovered your Online Banking passcode. 4. Someone has transferred or may transfer money from your Account without your permission. 5. Bill payment transactions have been made without your authorization a. We must hear from you no later than sixty (60) calendar days after we send you the first statement on which the problem or error appeared. When notifying FirstBank and its representatives of an error observed through the Online Banking Services, you will need to provide us, at a minimum, the following information: 1. Your full name and other identity verification information requested 2. The Account number(s) of the Account(s) involved 3. A description of the error or the transfer you are uncertain about 4. An explanation, as clearly as possible, as to why you believe it is an error or why you need more information 5. The dollar amount of the suspected error If you provide the notice verbally, we also require that you send us your complaint or notice of error in writing within ten (10) Business Days after initial notification by phone or in person. Generally, and subject to the conditions explained below, we will give you the results of our investigation within ten (10) Business Days after receipt of your complaint and will correct any error promptly. Failure to notify your error to us in writing may result in delays during our investigation, as well as provide us with the right to refuse granting provisional credit to your Account if the investigation requires additional time to complete. If additional time is necessary to resolve the complaint, we may take up to forty-five (45) calendar days to investigate your complaint or concern. In such cases, when we extend the deadline to complete the investigation, and receive confirmation of your complaint or notice of error in writing as stipulated in the previous paragraph, we will provide a provisional credit to your Account within ten (10) Business Days from the date on which we received your complaint or concern in the amount equal to the alleged error. You will be able to use the funds associated with the provisional credit while we complete our investigation. If we ask to put your complaint or notice of error in writing, and we do not receive your letter in ten (10) Bank Business Days, we reserve the right not to provisionally credit your Account. If the notice involves an error that occurred within thirty (30) days after the first deposit to the Account was made, we may take up to twenty (20) Business Days to investigate your claim. If FirstBank decides to extend the investigation period to twenty (20) days, we will provisionally credit your Account within twenty (20) Business Days of receiving your written inquiry for the alleged amount you claim as an error. If the notice of error involves a transaction that was not initiated in a state, territory, or possession of the United States of America, or resulted from a point-of-sale debit card transaction, the 45-day period is extended to a 90-day period to finalize our investigation and provide you with provisional credit during the ongoing investigation. For any of the above situations, if we find that no error occurred, we will send you a written explanation within three (3) Business Days after completion of our investigation. If provisional credit was provided in your Account, we will debit the amount equal to the provisional credit granted, once we determine that no error occurred. However, if we find that the alleged error did in fact occur, we will correct the error within one (1) Business Day after said determination. In these situations when the error is confirmed, any provisional credit to your Account will be permanently granted to you. Notwithstanding the clauses stated in this section of the Service Agreement, in the event that any statements are contrary to the disclosures provided in the Deposit Account Agreement delivered during the Account opening process, resolution of the error will adhere to the Deposit Account Agreement disclosures. B. Limitation of Liability Regarding Unauthorized Transactions If you believe you have lost, or someone has stolen, your password or secret number, or if you detect an unauthorized transfer in any of your Accounts, or if you suspect any type of illegal activity in your Account, you must inform FirstBank immediately. Tell us at once if you believe any of your Cards and/or PIN have been lost or stolen or that an unauthorized transfer has been made from any of your Accounts. Calling customer service or visiting your branch to provide the appropriate information are the best ways of controlling your possible losses (see Section D of this Part for further information). If you do not do so, you could lose all the money in your Accounts, which can be drawn against by using the lost or stolen Card. If you believe any of your Cards or PIN has been lost or stolen or that an unauthorized transfer has been made from any of the accounts, and you tell us within two (2) business days after you discover the loss or theft, you will lose no more than $50 if someone uses that Card without your permission or otherwise makes a transfer without your authorization. If you do not tell us within two (2) business days after you discover the loss or theft of any of your Cards or PIN or that an unauthorized transfer has been made from any of the Accounts, and we can prove we could have stopped someone from using that Card or from otherwise making a transfer without your authorization if you had told us, you could lose as much as $500. Furthermore, if any Account statement shows transfers that you did not make nor authorized, tell us at once. If you do not tell us within 60 calendar days after a statement showing such a transfer was transmitted to you, you may not get back any money you lost after the sixty (60) calendar days if we can prove that we could have stopped someone from taking the money if you had told us in time. C. Accounts at other financial institutions-Agreement In order to register a personal deposit account owned by you, or someone else, at other banks, you are required to provide the accountholder’s information: full name, account type (checking or savings), account number and financial institution identifier (ABA or Routing Number). You agree that you will only attempt to register non-FirstBank personal accounts that you own or for which you have the authority to transfer funds or debit payments. You agree that FirstBank may use any means or routes which we in our sole discretion consider suitable to execute your transfer or payment. In cases where payments are processed using an account that belongs to someone else, you agree that you will have received a signed authorization from the payee. You agree to provide a copy of the authorization to us upon our request. You agree that FirstBank is not liable for payments or transfers processed through Digital Banking or its platforms using accounts from other banks. You agree that you will have sufficient available funds at the other financial institution’s personal deposit account to cover all payments on the date scheduled. If the account does not have available funds at the moment the payment is made, and you continue to process the payment you agree to pay all related fees as disclosed in your loan agreement and those disclosed in your Deposit Account Agreement. An attempt to register accounts from international or non-domestic institutions is not allowed. International or non-domestic transactions shall be processed through your local branch via Wire Transfers. FirstBank reserves the right to remove or limit the access of the above services for certain accounts or customers. Customer understands that the transactions contemplated herein present certain risks to customer of unauthorized transactions, or errors or delays in transmission, and other occurrences, and by entering this agreement and accepting the terms of this service, customer acknowledges and specifically assumes such risks. XII. Request for Additional Services If you request an additional service or request changes to Accounts or services you already have with us through FirstBank’s Digital Banking Service, FirstBank is authorized to process said request as if it were a written request signed by you. FirstBank’s Online & Mobile Banking and Bill Payment Services shall provide a confirmation number upon completing your request or application. Said confirmation number will help you obtain additional information related to your service request at our FirstLine Solutions Center. Notwithstanding the foregoing, such additional service requests shall not be interpreted as being effective until FirstBank confirms its availability. XIII. Representation and Warranties FirstBank does not represent nor guarantee, expressly or implicitly, the accuracy of the information and materials (including text, graphics, links or other objects) contained in FirstBank’s Electronic Banking Services, and expressly rejects all responsibility for errors or omissions that they may present. Neither FirstBank nor its providers represent or guarantee, directly or implicitly, that Electronic Banking Services are appropriate for a particular use. You recognize that you have received adequate information from FirstBank regarding its Electronic Banking Services, and that you have decided, freely and voluntarily, to subscribe to this Service Agreement and obtain access according to the terms and conditions herein expressed. You represent and guarantee to FirstBank that you have no intention and shall not use its Electronic Banking Services with the direct or indirect purpose of providing services (including, but not limited to, financial, data processing or administrative services, or other related services) on behalf of any other person or entity. Any link to pages of organizations not affiliated to FirstBank is provided only as a suggestion of topics that might be interesting or useful to you. FirstBank does not provide any guaranty whatsoever regarding the accuracy, integrity, or reliability of these external links, or regarding whether or not its use is appropriate for any specific purpose, nor does it guarantee that unaffiliated third-party pages are free of defects or claims or of viruses or other harmful effects. These links do not represent an endorsement, nor do they create responsibility for the opinions, ideas, products, information, or services offered in said pages. XIV. Limitation of Liability FirstBank shall not be liable for incorrect information or instructions provided by you. You understand that FirstBank must rely on the information provided by you and you authorize FirstBank to act on any instruction that has been or reasonably appears to have been sent by you through FirstBank’s Electronic Banking Services. FirstBank is not obligated to take any further steps to confirm or authenticate such instructions and will act on them upon receipt, without taking additional steps to obtain further confirmation. Neither FirstBank nor any provider of information shall be responsible for deficiencies in the accuracy, totality, availability or timeliness of said information or of any investment or decision made based on it. Except as expressly provided in this Service Agreement or in any other agreement applicable to the relation between you and FirstBank, or as required by law, you agree that neither FirstBank nor any information provider shall be responsible for any loss or damages whatsoever, direct or indirect, caused by Online and/or Mobile Banking or that in any way arises or is related to the access and use of FirstBank’s Electronic Banking Services by you. You are obligated to indemnify FirstBank and release it from any responsibility before any suit or claim filed against FirstBank that seeks to impose responsibility on FirstBank in violation of the dispositions of this Section. The term "FirstBank" as used in this Section, includes FirstBank, its parent company, subsidiaries, affiliates, and shareholders, directors, officials, employees, or agents of each of these. Unless otherwise required by law, in no event will FirstBank be liable to you for special, indirect or consequential damages including, but not limited to, lost profits or attorney’s fees, even if we are advised in advance of the possibility of such damages. The Bank does not assume responsibility, and will not be liable, for any damages or any viruses which may affect your equipment or other property in relation to your access to use or download from the FirstBank’s Digital Banking Services. FirstBank will not be responsible if the service is unable to complete any transactions initiated by you because of the existence of any one or more of the following circumstances, and you will be responsible for any losses, charges, or penalties incurred as a result: A. If, through no fault of the Electronic Banking Services, your payment Account does not contain sufficient funds to complete the transaction or if the transaction exceeds the credit limit of your overdraft Account (the payment may be rejected if there are insufficient funds to cover it); B. If the Electronic Banking Services are not working properly and you know or have been advised by FirstBank about the malfunction before you execute the transaction; C. If the money in your Account is subject to legal process or other claim restricting the transaction; D. If you have not provided FirstBank with the correct payment Account information, or the correct name, address, phone number, or Account information for the payee; and/or E. If circumstances beyond the control of the service (such as, but not limited to, fire, flood, or interference from an outside force) prevent the proper execution of the transaction and FirstBank has taken reasonable precautions to avoid those circumstances. The list detailed above is meant to illustrate some examples under which we would not be liable for failing to make a transfer or payment and is not intended as an all-inclusive list of all circumstances. You acknowledge and agree that you are personally responsible for your conduct while using FirstBank’s Electronic Banking Services, and except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless FirstBank’s directors, officers, and agents from and against all claims, losses, expenses, damages and costs (including, but not limited to, direct, incidental, consequential, exemplary, and indirect damages), and reasonable attorney’s fees, resulting from or arising out of your use, misuse, errors, or inability to use the Services, or any violation by you of the terms of this Agreement. XV. Access Consent for Children under 13 in Digital Banking This section establishes the consent of the parent or legal guardian of the minor on the Account about the use of Electronic Banking Services by users under 13 years of age. By accepting these Terms and Conditions you will confirm that you are the parent or legal guardian of the minor and you are consenting for the child’s access to Digital Banking and also, that you have reviewed and approved the contents of this Agreement, which is provided electronically. From our web pages, we do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under the age of 13 without obtaining verifiable consent from their parents. We request that such individuals do not provide personal information through this service. XVI. Collection and Use of Information When you enroll in Digital Banking you must enter the Account number (preferably checking or savings), your social security number or any secondary ID accepted by the Bank, date of birth, telephone numbers, last name, an active email, unique username, and a pdf code. This information is used solely to authenticate that you are requesting access to Digital Banking upon enrollment. From our Digital Banking, we do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under the age of 13 without obtaining verifiable consent from their parents. We request that such individuals do not provide personal information through this service. If information of children under 13 must be provided, this data would need to be provided by the child’s father, mother or legal guardian. The information gathered would be done under adult consent. FirstBank will not be held responsible for any personal information provided by children whose use of Electronic Banking Services is not supervised by an adult. The information collected will not be used for sales, marketing, or to offer products to children under 13 years of age. FirstBank will not provide the children’s personal information to non-affiliated third parties or affiliates. Access to the child's information will be available exclusively to the adult signee on the Account or the child’s father, mother or legal guardian by visiting one of our branches, calling FirstLine Solutions Center, or through Online Banking. In the case it’s necessary to contact the signees of the Account, FirstBank would be contacting the adult signee through available means. FirstBank does not operate a Digital Banking Service intended for children under 13 years. The use of the services by the child must be under consent and authorization of the child’s father, mother or legal guardian. The child’s participation in the services provided on Digital Banking shall not be subject to the collection of more information than is reasonably necessary or required to offer the service. The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) only applies to personal information collected online from children, including personal information about themselves, their parents, friends or other persons. However, the Commission expects that operators will keep confidential any information obtained from parents in the course of obtaining parental consent or providing for parental access pursuant to COPPA. For more information about the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), visit the FTC website www.ftc.gov. For more information on the use FirstBank gives to the collected information, please refer to our Privacy Policy, included in www.1firstbank.com, Help Center> Policies> Privacy Policy. We, or companies we work with, may collect other information such as browser and device information, app usage data, information collected through cookies, web beacons and other technologies, demographic and other information, and aggregated information about your visits to, or use of our sites, and other online services. While that information alone may not reveal your specific individual identity, we may associate this usage and other information we collect online with personal information about you. In addition to personal information you provide directly to us to enroll in Digital Banking, we and our service providers may collect other information about you, which is collected in a variety of ways, including: A. Through your browser or device: Certain information is collected by internet browsers or automatically through your device, such as your Media Access Control (MAC) address, computer type (Windows or Macintosh), screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, device identifier, language, and Internet browser type and version. We may also collect your IP address, along with the time of your visit and the page(s) visited. B. Through your use of our mobile apps: When you download and use one of our mobile apps, we may collect and/or track app usage data, such as the date and time the app on your device accesses our servers and what information and files have been downloaded to or presented through the app. C. Using cookies, pixel tags, device profiling, and similar technologies: We may use cookies, pixel tags, and similar technologies to collect browser, device and other information, such as time spent on the Site, pages visited, language preferences, and other traffic data. These cookies may contain or reflect segment or other interest-based data in a de-identified form including interests across other sites. We may also collect various attributes associated with your device (such as IP address, installed fonts, language and browser settings, and time zone) to create a device fingerprint or identifier so that we can recognize your device. Other similar tracking technologies may be introduced and used by us in the future in connection with the Site. D. Physical location when using your mobile device: We may collect the physical location of your device by, for example, using satellite, cell phone tower, or wireless local area network signals, as well as using beacons in our branches. We may also use your device's physical location to provide you with personalized location-based services and content, as well as to understand traffic patterns in and around our branches. In some instances, you may be permitted to allow or deny such uses and/or sharing of your device's location, but, if you choose to deny such uses and/or sharing, we may not be able to provide you with the applicable personalized services and content. We will collect your precise physical location only with your consent. E. You can choose whether to accept cookies through your browser settings. For example, most browsers allow you to automatically decline cookies or decline or accept a cookie (or cookies) from a site when browsing. In addition, the offers or content we provide when you visit our site or on third party sites may not be as relevant to you or tailored to your interests. In some instances, we may combine other information with personal information where permissible by law and applicable industry guidelines. XVII. Access Limits in Digital Banking Services Access to Online & Mobile Banking services are designed to offer information to you about your products and services. In addition, the services provided in the modules will depend on the products you own. A. Parent’s Revocation of Consent The child’s parents or legal guardian may communicate with FirstBank at any time in order to block his/her access to Digital Banking, following the instructions included below. When the consent is revoked, the child’s savings Account will not be closed; only the access to Digital Banking will be blocked. In order to revoke the consent and block access to Digital Banking, the parents or legal guardian will have to call FirstLine Solutions Center and request to disable (block) the child’s access to Digital Banking. To protect the privacy and security of the child, FirstBank will take the appropriate measures to help authenticate the identity of the parents or legal guardian before granting access to any personal information. XVIII. Purge Purging users from Online Banking and Mobile Banking permanently deletes the personal information from the system. If, in the future, you are interested in acquiring the services of Online Banking or Mobile Banking again, availability of the username is not guaranteed by FirstBank. Users purged cannot be reversed once the process is completed. In addition, purging the user permanently removes the history of transactions and services in Online Banking and Mobile Banking. This includes all outstanding, future, and recurring transactions, including transfers and payment. However, this will not affect transactions that have already been made and sent to the core processor. After the user information is purged, you can request access again by doing one of the following: self-enroll by visiting www.1firstbank.com, visiting one of our branches, or by calling FirstLine Solutions Center at 787.725.2511 or 1.866.695.2511. XIX. Communication with FirstBank Should you need assistance regarding FirstBank’s Electronic Banking Services, or if you need to communicate with FirstBank to obtain a copy of this terms and conditions, notification, or disclosures, you must call FirstLine Solutions Center at 787.725.2511 or 1.866.695.2511. Customers located in the United States Virgin Islands or Florida may call us at 1.866.695.2511 or British Virgin Islands 1.284.495.8899 during the established service hours. You may also send us a message via email to customercare@1firstbank.com For additional information regarding FirstBank and any of its subsidiaries, business center and branch service hours and locations, or products and services offered by the Bank, visit our website www.1firstbank.com or any of our branches. You will be able to communicate electronically with us through the information included in the “Contact Us” section found in Digital Banking or our Corporate Portals www.1firstbank.com. Said information shall be considered received by us the next Business Day after they are submitted. FirstBank shall act upon your communication within a reasonable time and pursuant to the terms of this Service Agreement. For immediate communication you must call our FirstLine Solutions Center or visit any of our branches. You hereby authorize us to record, use and/or copy any electronic form sent by you. You accept and recognize that for safety reasons in handling information, no other electronic method, including email, shall be used to request or make transactions. You accept and recognize that FirstBank has no responsibility for transactional information received through email. XX. Terms of the Agreement This Agreement shall remain in effect until one of the parties notifies the other in writing of his/her intention to cancel the service. FirstBank shall send notice to the most recent address, whether mailing, physical or electronic, appearing on your Account record. You may send your notification to cancel the service to FirstBank’s address detailed in this Service Agreement. If the Service Agreement is declared null or void for any reason, you shall immediately cease using FirstBank’s Electronic Banking Services and FirstBank may cancel the service immediately. Notwithstanding, your Accounts in FirstBank or its affiliates or subsidiaries will remain active despite cancellation of the FirstBank’s Digital Banking Service. If you or an authorized person notifies their intention to cancel their continued participation in FirstBank’s Electronic Banking Services, or if the Account is closed for any reason, you are responsible for transactions previously authorized prior to cancellation of the service. FirstBank reserves the right to cancel the service immediately if: A. You fail to comply with the terms and conditions imposed by FirstBank in this Service Agreement; B. FirstBank believes that there has been an unauthorized use of Digital Banking Service; C. You or any authorized person requests cancellation; or D. Your Account is inactive (at least one year without accessing FirstBank’s Digital Banking Service). FirstBank may notify you in advance in the event that your FirstBank’s Digital Banking Service is cancelled, but we are not obligated to do so. XXI. Miscellaneous Provisions FirstBank reserves the rights to amend, update, modify or discontinue the Electronic Banking Services Terms & Conditions at any time and to amend or modify at any time the terms of this Service Agreement by prior written notice to you. The use and access to FirstBank’s Electronic Banking Services is subject to the laws of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico (excluding conflict of laws principles), and any other applicable federal laws and regulations. You may not transfer your rights and obligations under this Service Agreement to any person without FirstBank's prior written consent. In the event that any provisions of this Service Agreement are held to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of the Service Agreement will remain in full force. FirstBank reserves the right to invoke any legal remedies available in case you fail to comply with the provisions of this Service Agreement. Remedial actions may include suspension of access to Digital Banking Services and/or closing of related and/or affected Accounts. Access to the services contemplated herein and use of the passwords through Digital Banking are limited to those users authorized by FirstBank. FirstBank shall use all available legal remedies against any person who tries to and/or uses this service without proper authorization or in a manner not intended.
Required
Last Change First Time
Select the preferred image
Configure the mobile phone
Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender. All products are subject to FirstBank’s terms and conditions. Copyright © 2018 First BanCorp. All rights reserved.