We're all in this together.
Immediate financial relief measures are available for customers affected by the Coronavirus.
Explore our checking account options—all with Huntington Heads Up® messages1—and see how we look out for your financial well-being.
Manage your money using your laptop, smartphone, or tablet with huntington.com or the Huntington Mobile app.
Mortgage rates have dropped. Find out if a refinance can save you money.
We're for People.
When you look past the money, you see what really matters. Neighbors. Family and Friends. Humanity. We see it. Because we’re for people.
We're here when you need us.
Find a Huntington branch or ATM near you.
Personal
Banking designed for your life.
Private Bank
Personalized financial guidance to help protect and grow your wealth.
Business
Successful businesses are built on great relationships.
Commercial
Delivering tailored, actionable insights and solutions.
Personal
Banking designed for your life.
Looking out for you and your family, wherever life takes you.
At Huntington, we offer the accounts, services, technology, and personal financial guidance that help you manage your money, your way. Welcome.Learn More
Private Bank
Personalized financial guidance to help protect and grow your wealth.
A team of advisors, focused on what matters most to you.
Our Private Bank Advisors help you protect and grow wealth, and create a plan for the future.Learn More
Business
Successful businesses are built on great relationships.
Ready to take your business to what's next?
Business is more than numbers. It's personal. That's why you need a relationship with a bank that looks out for you and your business. Let's talk.Learn More
Commercial
Delivering tailored, actionable insights and solutions.
Businesses are about people.
Your customers, your stakeholders, your employees, your communities. We understand that it’s the people around you that ultimately drive your business forward.Learn More
J.D. Power
Thanks for making us #1
Our digital tools and services were designed with you in mind. That’s why we’re honored to be ranked #1 in Customer Satisfaction with Online Banking and Mobile Banking Apps by J.D Power. Because at Huntington, we’re for people.
For J.D. Power 2019 award information, visit jdpower.com/awards.
Community Involvement
Huntington has a long history in the capital city, Columbus, and we're committed to giving back to the community by focusing on affordable housing and financial literacy, and supporting the missions of a variety of nonprofit organizations.
Pelotonia
Pelotonia is one cause that we're especially passionate about. Every single dollar raised from this annual road race goes to fight against cancer. Since 2008, Team Huntington has raised more than $95 million dollars for cancer research.
West Broad Elementary
Whether you're donating your skills, time, or a monetary gift to your favorite charity, it means the world to those who need it. Our colleagues share their favorite moments from time spent at West Broad Elementary School in Columbus, Ohio.
Columbus Urban League
Huntington works with the Columbus Urban League to empower underserved communities through the Huntington Empowerment Center.