Update challenge Questions
Select Challenge Question 1
what is your dream job?
what is your memorable vacation spot?
what is your favourite magazine subscription?
what is the postal/zip code of your family vacation home?
what was the nickname of your grandfather?
what type of food do you like most? Ex. Italian
what was your favourite restaurant in college ?
what is your grandmother's middle name (your mother's mother)?
what is your grandfather's middle name (your father's father)?
what is your favourite vegetable?
what is your favourite TV show?
who is your favourite cartoon character?
what is the 1st concert you attended?
who is your childhood hero?
what online forum or site do you frequent most?
Select Challenge Question 2
what was the name of your first roommate?
what is your grandmother's middle name (your mother's mother)?
what is your grandfather's middle name (your father's father)?
what is your favourite hometown newspaper?
who was your 1st grade school teacher?
what is your favourite dessert?
what is the first name of your spouse's/partner's oldest sibling?
what is the name of your most influential mentor?
who is your favourite author?
what is the name of the hospital where your 1st child was born?
what is your favourite flower?
what is the first name of your oldest nephew?
what board game do you play most often?
what year was your basement last renovated?
what is your oldest child's middle name?
Select Challenge Question 3
what was the make of your first car?
what is your spouse's/partner's nickname?
what is the first name of your best childhood friend?
what is the first name of your spouse's/partner's youngest sibling?
what is your favourite fragrance?
what is your youngest child's nickname?
what was the make of the first mobile phone you owned?
what is your youngest sibling's nickname?
what is your oldest sibling's nickname?
which gas station do you frequent most?
what year did you get your first car?
what is your youngest child's middle name?
what is the first name of the youngest of your siblings?
what was your favourite toy as a child?
what was your favourite band in college?
Select Challenge Question 4
what was your favourite food as a child?
what brand of jeans do you prefer?
who is your favourite poet?
what is the name of your first employer?
what was the first name of your favourite teacher in final year of high school?
what is your nickname?
what was the first name of your nearest neighbour in 2000?
who is your favourite person from history?
what is your favourite fictional character?
what was the first name of your first manager?
what was the name of your first girlfriend/boyfriend?
what is the name of your first pet?
what is the first name of the person you went to your prom with?
what is the name of your elementary school?
what is your favourite brand of potato chips?
Select Challenge Question 5
what is your favourite bakery?
what was the name of your high school? (Enter only 'Riverdale' for Riverdale High School)
what is your favourite restaurant?
what is your favourite quote?
what is the street name where you lived when you where 10 years old?
what high school did your spouse/partner attend?
what is the name of the post secondary institution that your spouse/partner attended?
where did you meet your spouse/partner for the first time? (Enter location only)
as a child, what did you want to be when you grew up?
what did you study at your post secondary institution?
How old was your father when you were born? (answer in words)
what was your favourite college/university year?
what is your favourite pizza place?
what was your high school mascot?