Your data, powering your experiences, controlled by you.
Satya Nadella
CEO
At Microsoft, our mission is to empower every person and every organisation on the planet to achieve more. We are doing this by building an intelligent cloud, reinventing productivity and business processes and making computing more personal. In all of this, we will maintain the timeless value of privacy and preserve the ability for you to control your data.
This starts with making sure you get meaningful choices about how and why data is collected and used, and ensuring that you have the information you need to make the choices that are right for you across our products and services.
We are working to earn your trust every day by focusing on six key privacy principles:
These principles form the foundation of Microsoft’s approach to privacy and will continue to shape the way we build our products and services. For enterprise and business customers, view the Microsoft Trust Centre to find out how we protect your data in the Microsoft Cloud.
On the rest of this website, you’ll find links to more information and controls so you can make the right decisions for you. And we’re constantly working to improve, so if you notice something in our products and services that doesn’t work the way you’d expect when it comes to privacy, please let us know.
Microsoft collects data to help you do more. To do this, we use the data we collect to provide and improve our products, services and devices, provide you with personalised experiences and to help keep you safe. These are some of the most common categories of data we collect.
Like many search engines, we use your search history, and the history aggregated from other people, to give you better search results. To speed up web browsing, Microsoft web browsers can collect and use browsing history to predict where you want to go. Cortana can make personalised recommendations based on your browsing and search history.
You can choose whether your browsing history is collected via the Diagnostics & feedback setting in your Windows privacy settings. You can also manage whether Cortana has access to your search and browsing history in the Cortana and Microsoft Edge settings.
Location information helps us give you directions to the places you want to go and show you info relevant to where you are. For this, we use the locations you provide or that we’ve detected using technologies like GPS or IP addresses.
Detecting location also helps us protect you. For example, if you almost always sign in from Tokyo, and suddenly you’re signing in from London, we can check to make sure it’s really you.
You can turn on or off location services for your device in Settings > Privacy > Location. From here, you can also choose which apps have access to your location and manage the location history stored on your device.
To help you avoid traffic, remember anniversaries, text the right “Jennifer” in your contact list, and in general do more, Cortana needs to know what you’re interested in, what’s on your calendar, and who you might want to do things with. When you don’t want to reach for a keyboard, we can use your speech and handwriting patterns to help translate what you say or write into documents and text messages.
Manage your Cortana interests and other data on your privacy dashboard
Some of Microsoft’s services are supported by advertising. To show ads you’re more likely to be interested in, we use data like your location, Bing web searches, Microsoft or advertiser web pages you view, demographics, and things you’ve favorited. We don’t use what you say in email, chat, video calls or voicemail, or your documents, photos or other personal files to target ads to you.
To stop Microsoft from showing you ads based on your interests, use our advertising controls online. You’ll still see ads, but they may not be as interesting to you.
Signing up for your own Microsoft account lets you use online services like storage and family settings, and helps keep your settings in sync across devices. When you add payment data to your account, getting apps, subscriptions, movies, TV, and games is easy on your Windows 10 devices.
By keeping your password secret, and adding extra security info like a phone number or email address, you can help keep your files, credit cards, browsing history, and location info more safe and sound.
To update passwords, security info, and payment options, visit the Microsoft account website.
With Windows 10 as a cloud-powered service, data helps us continually protect and improve your experience. For example, to help keep you safe online, we automatically scan Windows 10 devices for known malware. We also collect diagnostic data, which is ongoing information we receive about how your Windows 10 system is operating, to keep your device running well. So if we know there’s a problem with a particular kind of printer driver, we can send the right drivers only to the people who use that kind of printer.
We also provide you with a number of controls for how information is used to deliver personalised services and experiences in Windows 10. You can adjust your Windows 10 privacy settings for everything from basic diagnostic data to personalised services at any time by going to Settings > Privacy >Diagnostics & feedback.
For more information about privacy in our products, please see the privacy resources page.