One account for all things Microsoft
One account. One place to manage it all. Welcome to your account dashboard.
New to Microsoft?
Get started with Microsoft products and more.Learn more
Security
Change a password, update security information, and keep vital account details up-to-date.
Privacy
Review your search history, browsing and location activity, and more.
Family
Keep your family safer online and stay connected even when you’re apart.
Payments & billing
Update your payment information, check your order history, redeem gift cards, and get billing help.
Subscriptions
Quickly renew and manage your favorite Microsoft subscriptions and services in one place.
Devices
Find, lock, or erase a lost or stolen Windows 10 device, schedule a repair, and get support.
Help
Get expert answers and advice on Microsoft products and services.
Just sign in and go
Access your favorite Microsoft products and services with just one login. From Office and Windows to Xbox and Skype, one username and password connects you to the files, photos, people, and content you care about most.
Outlook
Email and calendar together. All you need to be your most productive and connected self—at home, on the go, and everywhere in between.Learn more
Skype
Skype’s text, voice and video make it simple to get closer to the people who matter most across all of your devices.Learn more
Microsoft Edge
The faster way to get things done on the web with built-in features for staying organized, researching, and discovering.Learn more
Bing
Intelligent search features make it quick and easy to find what you need – answers, news, entertainment, and more.Learn more
Xbox
Play your favorite games in more places than ever. Easily access your games, friends, and community across Xbox One, Windows 10 PC, and mobile.Learn more
Office
Achieve what matters to you with Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and more. What will you do with your next 365?Learn more
OneDrive
Safely store and access your files and photos on all your devices. Your Microsoft account comes with 5GB of storage and the option to add more when you need it.Learn more
Windows
Find, lock, or erase a lost or stolen Windows 10 device, schedule a repair, and get support.Learn more
Mixer
Mixer is where gamers come together to play, celebrate, and share the best moments in gaming.Learn more
Microsoft Store
Experience all that’s possible with Microsoft, from the best in productivity and creativity to gaming and entertainment.Learn more
Cortana
Save time and stay organized—Cortana helps handle day-to-day tasks so you can stay on top of what matters most.Learn more
MSN
With MSN, the information that enriches your life is accessible every moment of every day.Learn more