Whether you’re an individual or a business, our policies are designed to ensure that sending and receiving payments is simple and more secure. Now shop or sell beyond borders with confidence. We take our customers’ security very seriously at PayPal.
If an eligible item you’ve purchased online, does not arrive or doesn’t match the seller’s description, we’ll reimburse you for the full amount of the item plus shipping costs, as long as the eligibility requirements are met.
Our Seller Protection Policy offers to safeguard the full amount on eligible sales – if the client raises an unauthorised payment or an ‘item not received’ chargeback.
As the pioneer in online payments, we set the standard for fraud prevention by delivering holistic security solutions to minimise fraud across major payment types and channels – including online, offline or mobile payments. We keep an unwavering focus to stay ahead of cyber crooks through innovating and investing in industry-leading technology.
Your security is our top priority. We combine world-class anti-fraud detection with 24/7 account monitoring to keep you safer. Your personal and financial details are securely encrypted to ensure your money and information stays safer when you pay with PayPal. Plus, your financial information is never shared.
When it comes to fraud, it’s vital to stay one-step ahead and we’ll do the guard part. Every incoming transaction is monitored and analysed within milliseconds to identify and help prevent fraud before it occurs. What’s more, our sophisticated fraud risk models and analysis tools can be tailored to your unique business needs, so you enjoy optimal protection from fraud.
Link your credit or debit card details to your PayPal account only once. We’ll keep your login and financial information secure so you can shop without exposing your card details.
We provide the expertise and tools to help guide you through the process of resolving a chargeback, be it related to an unauthorised transaction or a buyer who didn't receive their item.
We monitor every account and transaction 24/7 to prevent fraud, email phishing and identity theft. If something seems suspicious, our dedicated team of 2,000 anti-fraud specialists will stand by you.
We’ve invested millions to build and evolve our best-in-class behavioural risk management system to block external threats, so you can buy and sell with confidence.
End to End encryption is an important element in keeping your data safe. Some of the methods we use to protect PayPal transactions include, TLS 1.2 only connections for logins, Certificate Pinning on web and mobile apps to ensure that your TLS connection is established to an authorized PayPal server.
We maintain technical, physical, and administrative security measures designed to provide reasonable protection for your Personal Data in PayPal’s custody against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, and alteration. The security measures include firewalls, data encryption, physical access controls at our data centers, and information access controls. ** We are not responsible for protecting any Personal Data that we share with a third-party based on an account connection that you have authorized.**
Identity theft is one of the fastest growing crimes in the world. We implement anti-phishing, anti-spoofing and 2FA to help protect from Identity theft. Two-factor authentication (2FA) is a key layer of security to combat identity theft and users are advised to never share their passwords, UPI PIN, OTPs and other credentials.