Open an Everyday Checking account online in minutes — and get ready to handle your banking needs confidently and securely from the comfort of wherever you need to be.
The digital features you need, at your fingertips
When you open an Everyday Checking account, you can rest a little easier knowing you can rely on a host of great benefits — 24/7 fraud monitoring, custom account alerts1 to help keep track of your finances, and the latest digital tools.
Deposit checks in a snap
Use your mobile device to deposit checks directly into your account.4
Stay in control
Bank whenever you need to with the Wells Fargo Mobile® app.2
Skip the swipe
Use your digital wallet for faster payment.
Send money fast
It’s quick and convenient with Zelle® in the Wells Fargo Mobile® app.3
Deposit checks in a snap
Use your mobile device to deposit checks directly into your account.4
Stay in control
Bank whenever you need to with the Wells Fargo Mobile® app.2
Skip the swipe
Use your digital wallet for faster payment.
Send money fast
It’s quick and convenient with Zelle® in the Wells Fargo Mobile® app.3
Deposit checks in a snap
Use your mobile device to deposit checks directly into your account.4
Get started
It takes just minutes to open an Everyday Checking account online from this page. Here’s
what you need to know before you begin.
Minimum opening deposit
Open with a $25 initial deposit.
Monthly service fee
Avoid the $10 monthly service fee on your Everyday Checking account with one of the following each fee period:
- $1,500 minimum daily balance. Effective with the fee period beginning after October 8, 2020, this option will be lowered to a $500 minimum daily balance.
- Qualifying direct deposits totaling $500 or more
- 10 or more posted debit card transactions (any combination of posted debit card purchases or posted debit card payments of bills) from this checking account. This does not include transactions at an ATM. Effective with the fee period beginning after October 8, 2020, this will no longer be an option to avoid the monthly service fee.
- Linked to a Wells Fargo Campus ATM or Campus Debit Card
- Primary account owner is 17 through 24 years old. (On the primary account owner’s 25th birthday, the account will automatically be subject to the then current monthly service fee unless you meet one of the other options to avoid the monthly service fee.)
See the
common fees for this account (PDF).
Get the digital features you need. Open an Everyday Checking account today.
*The Wells Fargo Everyday Checking account monthly service fee is $10. Minimum opening deposit is $25.
The monthly service fee can be avoided with one of the following each fee period:
- Maintain a $1,500 minimum daily balance. Effective with the fee period beginning after October 8, 2020, this option will be lowered to a $500 minimum daily balance.
- $500 or more in total qualifying direct deposits.
- A qualifying direct deposit is a direct deposit of your salary, pension, Social Security, or other regular monthly income electronically deposited through the Automated Clearing House (ACH) network to this checking account by your employer or an outside agency.
- Transfers from one account to another, mobile deposits, or deposits made at a banking location or ATM do not qualify.
- 10 or more posted debit card transactions (any combination of posted debit card purchases or posted debit card payments of bills) from this checking account. Effective with the fee period beginning after October 8, 2020, this will no longer be an option to avoid the monthly service fee.
- - Included:
- Debit card purchases made using PIN, signature, online, phone, or mobile wallet.
- Debit card payments, including one-time or recurring. Examples: utility bill, gym membership.
- - Not Included:
- Any transaction at an ATM (Wells Fargo or non-Wells Fargo).
- Automated Clearing House (ACH) transactions. ACH transactions are set up using your checking account number and routing number — NOT a debit card number.
- Linked to a Wells Fargo Campus ATM or Campus Debit Card.
- The primary account owner is 17 through 24 years old. (On the primary account owner’s 25th birthday, the account will automatically be subject to the then current monthly service fee unless you meet one of the other options to avoid the monthly service fee.)
-
1
Sign-up may be required. Availability may be affected by your mobile carrier’s coverage area. Your mobile carrier's message and data rates may apply.
-
2
Availability may be affected by your mobile carrier’s coverage area. Your mobile carrier's message and data rates may apply.
-
3
Transactions typically occur in minutes when the recipient’s email address or U.S. mobile number is already enrolled with Zelle. Available to almost anyone with a U.S.-based bank account. For your protection, Zelle should only be used for sending money to friends, family, or others you know and trust. Sending money with Zelle is similar to making a payment in cash. Your mobile carrier’s message and data rates may apply.
-
4
Some accounts are not eligible for mobile deposit. Availability may be affected by your mobile carrier’s coverage area. Your mobile carrier’s message and data rates may apply.
The Contactless Symbol and Contactless Indicator, consisting of four graduated arcs, are trademarks owned by and used with permission of EMVCo, LLC.
Zelle and the Zelle related marks are wholly owned by Early Warning Services, LLC, and are used herein under license.