Your ideal domain name, your own branded email, fully supported web hosting - all achievable right here and now.
Your success online begins when you register a strong domain name. Once your website’s built and your domain is part of your email address, you’ll suddenly stop feeling like someone operating from the kitchen table and start looking and feeling, every inch, like an established business.
Marta Alvarez - Spanish Connection
The tools you need to get found & sell more
Drive more traffic to your website and boost customer engagement
SSL Certificates SAVE 20%
From
£47.99
per year (+20% VAT)
Show visitors your website is secure and boost trust in your business
Or do you already have a website that needs hosting?
Either way we’re here to make it easy. And make it work. When your online business is successful, so is ours.
That’s why our products are designed to make your website reliable and findable, professional and presentable, in any format from desktop to mobile. Faster page loading, tighter online security, constant updating, neat, effective tools to drive traffic to your site. We’re much more than just the UK’s largest domain registrar, we do everything to help make you appear like someone you’d like to do business with.
You’ll be in good company – our services are used by over 1 million UK websites
We’re the UK’s #1
Thanks to our easy-to-use products, our fantastic customer support and our great prices, we have registered over 3.5 million domain names, and our services are connected to over 1 million UK websites.
Here for you 24/7
Assistance is available around the clock thanks to our phone, live chat and 24/7 ticket support. If you need us, we’re here and committed to giving our customers the highest levels of service at all times.
Set up your website now
We make it easy for anyone to get online and unlock their potential. Our intuitive control panel, jargon-free support articles and friendly support staff make getting your site up and running a breeze.
Everything in one place
We have everything your business needs to build a professional brand online, attract new customers and keep them coming back for more. Domains, email, hosting, websites, VPS, email marketing, SEO, PPC management and more!
Ready to get started?
All sounds pretty great doesn’t it? Don’t take our word for it though, sign up and find out for yourself how we can help your business not just get online, but succeed online as well. Search for your domain name now.
Great value since 2000
We’re the UK’s oldest and most trusted provider. For over 15 years we’ve been helping business get online. A lot has changed in that time, but never our commitment to offering great products at affordable prices, backed up by great 24/7 support.
Let’s get your business online...
.com, .co.uk, .xyz, .photos, .london…? We have the right domain for you
Peace of mind is very important when you’re running a business and that’s what we get from 123 Reg.
Helen Hoffman, Cinque Ports Sailing School
I thought I’d give Website Builder a go and by lunchtime I’d actually built the website. I was amazed. Why would I even bother testing out something else?
Julia Elliott Brown, Enter the Arena
Clients hire us to make them look great so it’s important we always look good in their eyes too. 123 Reg help us do that at every turn.
Christian Jaroljmek, The Web Lounge
Peace of mind is very important when you’re running a business and that’s what we get from 123 Reg.
Helen Hoffman, Cinque Ports Sailing School
I thought I’d give Website Builder a go and by lunchtime I’d actually built the website. I was amazed. Why would I even bother testing out something else?
Julia Elliott Brown, Enter the Arena
We’re here to help your business succeed
Blog
Daily tips to help you and your business grow online.