Looking for Driver cum Salesman From Kerala or Tamilnadu
One of the leading company is looking driver cum salesman from Kerala or tamilnadu olny visa company will provide interested candidates please contact me 9 am t...
One of the leading company is looking driver cum salesman from Kerala or tamilnadu olny visa company will provide interested candidates please contact me 9 am t...
*Urgently required* A Driver required for a Kerala mess in Abbasiya. Salary 150 KD + Food + Accommodation as soon as possible.(only direct call) Whatsapp: +91 9...
A new Supermarket opening in Mangaf. Need two Cashier (male/female). Salary will be around 180KD (depends on experience). If anyone interested,(Shijo)...
Urgently required for below category:- 1)- Duct Foreman 350 KD for 10 Hrs 2)- Duct Fitter 280 KD for 10 Hrs 3)- 3G,4G Welder 320 KD for 10 Hrs 4)- Grander Man 2...
Urgent required Electrician-2 Salesman- experience need in electrical side well know arabic speaking. Interested person call WhatsApp...
1.Sales manager(m). 3 years of mnm work experience as manager in marine or automobile showroom(indians only) 2.Operation manager (m)for italian restaurant. At L...
1. ESP Engineer 2. Construction Engineer 3. Environmental Engineer 4. Radiation Safety Technicians 5. Tool Pushers 6. Floormen...
Required experience Silk Screen Printer Ladies Or Gents () For Printing Press Helper Ladies only fresher welcome. Job timing for helper 10 to 5 (salary 100 kd )...
A) Desired candidate shall be of Philippines nationality. B) Preference will be given to those are available in Philippines. Duties are as below. 1) Greet and w...
The following job vacancies are available for a power plant in Kuwait. 1. Mechanical Technician (Diploma) 2. Instrument Technician (Diploma) 3. Welder 4. Rigger...
Full-time driver Fahaheel in Duty time 9Am to 1pm and 4pm to 10.30pm Call...
-MUST HAVE EXPERIENCE ON THE SAME FIELD -KNOWLEDGE IN POS -18 TRANSFERABLE VISA -INDIAN AND NEPAL NATIONALITIES -READY TO JOIN -SALARY OFFER DEPENDS ON EXPERIEN...
Urgent need driver for restaurant. Contact Number#...
Urgently required part time bike drivers for jahra from 10am-10pm with or without bike, Good salary...
A food company in qurain urgently needs drivers for their vehicles. Attractive salary with accommodation wiil be provided. Interested plz call to ( whats app )...
Experience: 2 years and above Qualification and Responsibilities: Reviewing the Shop Drawing. Preparing TAB progress report & TAB final report....
6G-welder-12 nos Fabricator-8nos Electrician-6nos. Plumber - -6nos Sand blaster-6n0s. Mechanic(hydraulic and mechanic)...
Looking for Accountant. 1 Or 5 years experience. Must fulfill below criteria. 1. Transferable VISA 2. Male 3. Minimum 1 to 5 year experience 4. Accuracy in data...
Immediate hire now 2 vacancies for kitchen helper in bakery and pastry in aswaq al qurain salary + accommodation + transportation + food...
Maintenance Technician - experience in Washing Machine and Dryer maintenance mandatory 2 nos. Driver Heavy Driving License, Visa 18 Transferable, Can join immed...
A leading Car Service company is looking efficient candidates for the following positions :- 1- Dent Supervisor : 2 A). Minimum experience - 5 To 7 years B) Pre...
A leading company is looking for the below positions. Labor: 120 with Accommodation and 180 without Accommodation. Chief Accountant (Female) Extensive experienc...
- home care company need an Indian driver - full time - have a driving license - with experience in all Kuwait area just send a message to whattsapp + (no calls...
1kuwaitjobs.com is an online jobs board. Here you can find work opportunities in Kuwait by searching through thousands of vacancy listings or browsing job offers classified by industry.
We are not an employment agency we merely offer Kuwait employers an opportunity to post a free vacancy listing on our website and allow job seekers to effectively find the posted job offer and apply for that position.
Click on the job title to see the full job description. If the job is available there should be an "Apply Now" button bellow every available job description, click it to get the employer's phone number or a contact form you can fill and submit to apply for the advertised position.
Your CV or any information submitted is sent directly via email to the employer. So make sure to include all the relevant contact information when applying for a job.
If the job is filled there will be a message "This job is no longer available" instead of the "Apply Now" button.
If you are applying for a job via email, from outside of Kuwait, never wire any money to Companies/Employers for visa or other paper processing. Real companies will pay for your visa and transportation. If a company asks for payment it is most probably a scam and should be reported.
You can report any advert by clicking the "Report" button in the bottom right corner of a job description.
Click on the Add Job Offer button (present on every page) then fill the form and submit. You will receive a confirmation email, with 3 links that will allow you to Confirm, Edit and Disable the advert if the position is filled.
IMPORTANT: The job advert should be confirmed to appear on our website. If the advert is not confirmed in 48 hours it is removed from our database. If you didn't receive the confirmation email, please look in your spam folder, if it is there please mark it as not spam.
In case You entered an invalid email by mistake, You will have to submit another vacancy advert with correct email address.
By using 1kuwaitjobs.com you agree to the following:
1kuwaitjobs.com provides a free service which should be accepted as is.
All the job information is provided by the respective employers, we are not responsible for the accuracy of the information like salary, job requirements and description.
Under no circumstances will 1kuwaitjobs.com be responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of our website and services.
We keep the rights to remove any advert from our website without warnings. If you do not agree to these terms please do not use our website.
Social1 Kuwait Jobs on FB
See Also:Jobs in DubaiJobs in QatarJobs in London