For example you can download Simple Disable Key to disable keyboard keys, disable windows key, disable shift key or any other key. It has 3 disable modes always, for a program or based on a time and week schedule.
Also, you can download Picture Slideshow Maker 4dots to create video from photos and create slideshow with music. It has many image transition effects, you can narrate photo video and it has strong image editiing capabilities.
Moreover, you can download Simple MP3 Cutter Joiner Editor which is an audio cutter, MP3 Joiner and MP3 Splitter with many features. With it you can crop MP3 , cut songs, join MP3, mix, split, edit, record, rip CDs, apply effects.
Also, you can download Simple Video Compressor to compress video size while retaining quality and reduce video file size with a right mouse click !
Additionally, you can download Free File Unlocker to delete currently used, locked, undeletable, busy Files.
After that you can download Free PDF Password Remover 4dots to unlock pdf and remove PDF password and unsecure pdf from restrictions on printing, editing, copying e.t.c.
If you need to convert audio you can download Audio Converter 4dots which is an mp3 converter and audio converter. It is versatile and powerful, supports 15 audio formats and 10 video formats.Convert WAV to MP3, MP4 to MP3 e.t.c.
One of the best software we have made and we use for our own site is Multiple Search and Replace that can search and replace text in multiple files at the same time. This way you can save time and resources and make changes to your code, site, or Office docments quickly and easily.
You can download also Free Video Cutter Expert which is a powerful video cutter that can cut video into segments with millisecond precision.
If you want to convert video to mp3 then download Video to MP3 which can convert video file to mp3, convert MP4 to MP3, MP4 to M4A, MP4 to FLAC, MP4 to WAV, AVI to MP3, AVI to FLAC, WMV to MP3 e.t.c.
If you want to compress pdf then download 4dots Free PDF Compress which is a free PDF Compressor that can compress PDF and reduce pdf size easily.
We have developed more than fifty software applications. We continuously develop new applications and optimize our existing ones. To support us please buy our applications or donate !
Feel free to contact us for feature requests or ideas. Follow us on twitter to get informed about new releases or subscribe to our newsletter.
I would like to :
Video
Screen capture with audio and effects
Convert video files to other formats
Batch join video files into one large file. Merge MP4, AVI, MOV, MKV even if they have different format, size or aspect ratios.
Rotate video or flip video to fix them
Compress video size while retaining quality
Split film into equal parts, by time, by file size or by keyframes
Audio
Convert Audio Files to different formats
Cut MP3 files or other audio files
Merge MP3 files with fade in, fade out, crossfade and more.
Extract Images from PDF documents
Convert PDF documents to JPG Images
Protect PDF documents with a password
Compress and shrink PDF documents
Delete pages from PDF documents
Extract pages from PDF documents
File Management
Delete Currently Used, Locked, Undeletable, Busy Files
Batch replace text in many Text, Office, PDF files
Clean empty folders to declutter computer
Validate file MD5 or other hashes
Copy full path of file in Windows Explorer with a right mouse click
Copy the contents of text files directly to the clipboard with a right mouse click
System
Launch the command prompt from any folder in Windows Explorer
Execute in Windows Explorer programs with arguments
Disable any key on your keyboard
Remap keyboard keys and mouse buttons
Password Recovery
Unlock pdf file easily and crack PDF passwords.
Webdesign
Batch HTML validate and fix validation errors to improve SEO
Create CSS Sprite Images for SEO purposes
Graphics
Create video from photos, create slideshow with music
Create standalone EXE slideshow from photos, create standalone executable slideshow with music
Resize, convert, edit images in batch mode or directly from Windows Explorer
Create correct color schemes for designs
Desktop
Hide applications from screen with a keystroke
Minimize any application to the windows tray
Other
Organize documents in a tree structure
Password Protect documents and convert them to a standalone editable executable file.
Office
Batch replace image in Word documents
Batch extract images from powerpoint, office
Batch convert powerpoint to jpg
Most of our software applications are translated into :English Deutsch Français Español Português Italiano 中文 Nederlands Suomi Dansk 日本の Norske Pусский Svenskt Ελληνικά العربية český עברית Magyar Íslenska 한국인 Polski Român Hrvatski Slovenských