We live in a world where you can be surrounded by people, but still feel lonely, with nobody to turn to when things get rough.
But being heard is an important part of being human. Psychologist, Glen Moriarty saw that there was great power in listening, but he knew not everyone had someone to talk to. He started to wonder. “How can I make being heard a reality for everyone?”
Thanks to thousands of volunteer listeners stepping up to lend a friendly ear, 7 Cups is happy to say, “We’re here for you!”
No matter who you are or what you’re going through, this is a place where you’ll be heard and cared for. We might be strangers on the surface, but underneath we’re just the friends you haven’t met yet.
Need to talk to someone? Our trained volunteer listeners are available 24/7 to give emotional support over online chat.
It’s anonymous and completely free.
When you need someone to talk to, we’re here to listen and help you feel better.
Community is at the heart of 7 Cups.
You can find support and friendship in chat rooms and forums for many issues, like depression, anxiety, relationships, LGBTQ+ and more.
Ask for help, join a scheduled group support session, or share your own wisdom and life experience to help others along the way. We’re all in this together.
Are you 13-17 years old?
We have listeners available especially for teens, so you can chat confidentially whenever you need to.
You can also join our lively teen community forums and chat rooms to share with peers who understand what you’re going through. Get support and make new friends along the way.
Discover your personal growth path and learn new coping skills to grow stronger each day.
Each step on your path is a simple self help activity, designed to help you feel better.
Want a little extra help? You can get ongoing support and guidance from a licensed therapist when you sign up for online therapy.
Our confidential online therapy & counseling is available for those aged 18+ for $150 per month.Start Online Therapy