When Maya moved across the country with her mom, Jen, she needed to find a trustworthy veterinary practice to help manage her diabetes.
The American Animal Hospital Association is the only organization to accredit veterinary hospitals, and accredited hospitals make sure pets like Maya receive the best care possible. AAHA is at the heart of better care for pets and their people.
When Maya moved across the country with her mom, Jen, she needed to find a trustworthy veterinary practice to help manage her diabetes.
The American Animal Hospital Association is the only organization to accredit veterinary hospitals, and accredited hospitals make sure pets like Maya receive the best care possible. AAHA is at the heart of better care for pets and their people.
AT THE HEART OF BETTER CARE FOR PETS AND THEIR PEOPLE
Maya’s mom Jen trusts her veterinary team with her diabetes management needs because their hospital is AAHA accredited. She knows that means they hold themselves to the highest standards—especially when it comes to providing the best care for pets. Want to be the best?
OF VETERINARY PRACTICES ARE NOT ACCREDITED. IS YOURS?
film
PRACTICE WITH HEART
Maya’s veterinary team has many important responsibilities in keeping their patients happy and healthy. Each year they attend Connexity by AAHA, our social, solutions-focused conference that reignites the whole team’s passion and allows them to make meaningful connections with peers.
Like many companion animals, Maya has specialized needs. AAHA’s Guidelines provide veterinary professionals with the most up-to-date science for treating cats and dogs on a variety of topics, from diabetes to oncology. Check out our newest Dental Guidelines below!
AAHA publishes top resources for veterinary professionals
When Maya was first adopted, she had minor housesoiling issues—but with the help of the AAHA Behavior Brochures, Jen was able to work with Maya to solve this problem and prevent others from cropping up. AAHA Press has many resources to help clinicians, hospital teams, and pet owners solve problems and thrive.
Maya’s veterinary team knows how important it is to keep up with the latest developments in the field. AAHA offers RACE-approved CE in a variety of formats, from on-site certificate programs to online classes. As a small team with a busy practice, that’s important.