AAPT: American Association of Physics Teachers
Join The 2020 U.S. Physics Team
Represent the United States at the International Physics Olympiad Competition with other high school students. Registration ends December 3, 2020.
Get Started
Get involved, connect, make a difference
Join AAPT AAPT® provides teachers with many opportunities for professional development, networking, and student enrichment
Register for an Event AAPT sponsors many events throughout the year with the goal of providing professional development and networking opportunities.
AAPT® Resources
Learn, grow, and succeed with AAPT resources
K-12 Teachers Professional development, resources, ementoring, community, student programs... Learn More
Higher Ed Professional development, resources, ementoring, community, student programs... Learn More
Students Contests, competitions, careers, research opportunities, internships, mentorships... Learn More
AAPT® Programs
Awards, projects, contests, and opportunities
Collaborative Projects Affiliation programs, sponsorship opportunities, sustaining members... Learn More
U.S. Physics Team International Physics Olympiad, high school students, F=ma competition... Learn More
Latest AAPT News
AAPT PAEMST Awardees 2017-2018 Eight AAPT members have been honored as the 2017 and 2018 recipients of the prestigious Presidential Award for Excellence in Mathematics and Science Teaching (PAEMST). Learn More
Board of Directors Election Candidates for 2019 Listing of candidates for the 2019 National Board of Directors Election and accompanying bios to help you make your decision when voting between September 16 and October 18. Learn More
US Physics Team Finishes 5th in 50th IPhO The 50th International Physics Olympiad came to a close on Sunday, July 15, 2019 in a ceremony that included jubilant winners, dance and music performances, and speeches, all reflecting the many cultures represented in the Olympiad. Between examinations the physics scholars toured Israel, from floating in the Dead Sea to hiking in national parks. Learn More
Featured Presentations
A selection from our AAPT® national conferences
SM16: Applying Poynting’s Energy Flux to Hydrodynamic Systems By applying Poynting’s reasoning to time-independent laminar flows of incompressible viscous fluids we show that the energy flux for such systems can ...View more SM16: Cheap and Eye-Catching Demo of Young's Double Slit Many images that represent the double-slit interference phenomenon are opaque and indecipherable to those who do not already understand the concept. T...View more
AAPT Member Spotlight
Meet JackieI joined AAPT in 2002, as a freshman physics major. At that time, I considered physics to be my pathway into medical school; I didn’t see my future in physics teaching. But, my physics advisor, Robert Fenstermacher at Drew University, suggested new Society of Physics Student members select AAPT for our free secondary membership, so I signed up.Over the next several years of my undergraduate physics program, I became less focused on a medical career and more interested in the parallels I saw between my deepening interests in physics and sociology and their disciplinary focuses on using observations to build models.
Featured Videos
What we've been watching lately
Social Media
Follow us to keep in touch
Sections Near You
Connect with AAPT sections in your area
AAPT-New England Section The objective of the New England Section of the American Association of Physics Teachers is the advancement and integration of the teaching of physics at all educational levels and the furtherance of an appreciation for the role of physics in our culture.
Southern California section of AAPT The Southern California section (SCAAPT) supports the mission of the AAPT via our workshops, biannual meetings and other events. The SCAAPT welcomes the participation of anyone interested in physics and physics teaching, but especially Southern California area high school and college physics teachers.