Since 2012 - Over 20 Million Listings RemovedLearn More
Add the 5-Star Blur App to your browser & SmartphoneFree version Paid version
With smart tools and a fast, minimal interface, Blur and DeleteMe help you remain anonymous, and let you decide who gets your private information, and who doesn’t.
Easily generate a unique strong password for every account.
Passwords sync across devices and fill in automatically when you want to log in.
Blur is designed to integrate seamlessly into your online life.
Features appear when you need them without getting in your way.
Want to stay anonymous? Don't want to give a website your email address? With Blur, you don't have to.
Give websites Masked Emails, and then receive emails privately or block spam easily. Stay anonymous.
Blur was created with one simple mission: to make it easier
to manage and protect your identity without sacrificing convenience.
With Masked Cards, you can create a new burner credit card number for every purchase.
All Blur Masked Cards (virtual cards) have a built-in limit, so there's no risk of hidden charges or data breaches.
The benefits of using Blur add up over time. As you continue to use each feature on every website, you're lowering your risk of identity theft and credit card fraud.
You need to access your accounts everywhere, so all of your passwords, masked information, and auto-fill data are automatically synced and backed up on all of your devices.Learn more about Syncing
Most websites allow third parties to monitor your activity. Blur automatically blocks tracking scripts, targeting images, and other tracking technologies.Learn more about Tracking
Fill out any online form with a single tap or click. Auto-fill your emails, passwords, credit cards, addresses, and more.Learn more about Auto-fill
Many free apps and services come with a hidden cost: user data is sold to
advertisers. The only way we make money is through Premium subscriptions.
Abine is a Boston-based privacy company. Led by consumer protection, privacy, and identity theft experts, we are passionate about making easy-to-use privacy solutions for everyday people. We strongly believe that these solutions must improve as online privacy becomes more difficult to get, and we work hard to stay ahead of the curve. We look forward to helping you navigate the complicated world of online privacy.
We've been featured on: