Save the date! Registration for the 2020 ACGME Annual Educational Conference opens November 1, 2019.
Save the date! Registration for the 2020 ACGME Annual Educational Conference opens November 1, 2019. Targeted learning tracks will help DIOs get the most out of their conference experience.
Save the date! Registration for the 2020 ACGME Annual Educational Conference opens November 1, 2019. Targeted learning tracks will help program directors and coordinators get the most out of their conference experience.
Save the date! Registration for the 2020 ACGME Annual Educational Conference opens November 1, 2019.
Save the date! Registration for the 2020 ACGME Annual Educational Conference opens November 1, 2019.
February 27-29, 2020
Get the latest updates on accreditation, assessment, and innovations in graduate medical education.
Registration opens in early November.
Physicians and non-physicians familiar with Competencies and the Milestones are invited to shape the next generation of resident/fellow assessment.
Tools and resources compiled by the Task Force on Physician Well-Being for institutions and programs to use in addressing well-being and wellness locally.
The accreditation process for programs and Sponsoring Institutions includes periodic on-site visits to assess compliance with the Program and Institutional Requirements. All accreditation site visits for programs and Sponsoring Institutions are performed by the members of the ACGME Accreditation Field Staff, who are employed by the ACGME.
ACGME International accredits institutions and programs in countries other than the United States. ACGME-I is growing and doing its part to raise standards throughout the world!
The JGME disseminates scholarship and promotes critical inquiry to inform and engage the graduate medical education community to improve the quality of graduate medical education.
When the ACGME moved to continuous accreditation, specialty groups worked to develop outcomes-based Milestones as a framework for assessing resident/fellow performance in the six Core Competency areas.
The most comprehensive resource for data on the size, scope, and distribution of graduate medical education in the US.
The ACGME Awards Program recognizes notable designated institutional officials, program directors, program coordinators, residents/fellows, and Sponsoring Institutions for their outstanding work and contributions to graduate medical education.
The Clinical Learning Environment Review (CLER) Program provides US teaching hospitals, medical centers, health systems, and other clinical settings affiliated with ACGME-accredited Sponsoring Institutions with periodic feedback addressing six Focus Areas: patient safety; health care quality; care transitions; supervision; well-being; and professionalism.
In 2014, the ACGME, AOA, and AACOM announced their agreement to a Memorandum of Understanding outlining a single GME accreditation system in the U.S. that allows graduates of allopathic and osteopathic medical schools to complete residency/fellowship education in ACGME-accredited programs and demonstrate achievement of common Milestones and competencies.