ACLS Training Introduction
Your Complete ACLS Training and Review
Since 2010, ACLS-Algorithms.com has been providing online ACLS training to help health care providers prepare for and pass the AHA ACLS Certification.
Your ACLS preparation should not have to be stressful or difficult. In fact, our goal is to provide you with a low-stress, highly-focused, and entertaining environment for learning. This environment allows you to relax and enjoy the process while internalizing the ACLS training content. ACLS Algorithms Made Simple! That is our motto, and you won’t be disappointed with the training.
Since 2010, over 100,000 students have used this ACLS training course to prepare for the American Heart ACLS Provider course, and the results have been amazing. After finishing the course, many have said they now can understand and apply their ACLS knowledge as never before. This is even reported from first-time ACLS takers.
Here’s What’s Inside the Course
There are four primary ACLS algorithms in this ACLS training which include the Cardiac Arrest Algorithm, Bradycardia Algorithm, Tachycardia Algorithm, and the Post-Cardiac Arrest Algorithm. Also included in the course is a review of the Acute Coronary Syndrome Algorithm and Stroke Algorithm.
The Learn & Master ACLS Training Course makes learning these ACLS algorithms simple, and each algorithm can be quickly mastered through the series of modules which include written content, short algorithm review videos, EKG rhythm interpretation, practice tests, and multiple choice megacode skills scenarios.
Two Methods of Review
If you are new to ACLS and/or would like a guided approach to quickly learn and master all of the ACLS algorithms, use the Interactive Course Guide 2.0, or if you prefer independent study, you can download the Learn & Master ACLS Checklist to keep track of what you have reviewed here on the site.
After you have completed all of the multiple-choice megacode scenarios, you will round off your preparation for the AHA ACLS megacode skills station by watching the ACLS megacode series videos which take you through real-time megacode scenarios and sharpen your retention and recall of the training material. You can also improve your rhythm recognition by reviewing the rapid rhythm identification videos. If you use the Interactive Course Guide 2.0, all of this content is built into the course.
Learn & Master ACLS provides you with straightforward, systematic, and comprehensive ACLS Training with hundreds of ACLS questions, scenarios, and other training tools.
Satisfaction guaranteed
This ACLS training course will help you prepare for the ACLS written exam, megacode, and real-life emergency situations, and after taking it, you will pass with flying colors.
This site is always up-to-date with the most recent AHA ACLS algorithm guidelines.
You can learn and master ACLS! If you would like to see something added to the site, please let me know by using the contact form, or you can leave a comment below.
This course comes with a 100% money-back guarantee. If you are not fully satisfied with the ACLS or PALS training you receive, you can get a full refund. Click here to read more about the money-back guarantee.
You can now also learn and master PALS. Go HERE to learn how.
See what others are saying in the comments below, and please leave me feedback about your experience on the site. I would love to hear from you!
Kind Regards,
Jeff
(Creator & Administrator of ACLS-Algorithms.com)
Comments
Derek Song says
Just got my acls. This website had me more than prepared for both the oral and the written exam.
I especially enjoyed the videos with different scenarios and I found the background music very engaging!
I’d recommend this website to other people that need to take acls.
I’ll be back in two years for my recertification, especially after the 2020 update!
Best,
Derek
ACLS says
Hi Derek,
That’s great! I’m so glad that the site was helpful for you. Thanks so much for the encouraging feedback.
Kind regards, Jeff
Rose says
I’m finally done with my ACLS, thank God I discovered this review course. It was very helpful and very easy to understand. Made reviewing ACLS and BLS less boring. Loved all the question and answer part of this course, helps me remember a lot of important things. Thanks again! Thanks for helping me pass!
ACLS says
Hi Rose,
Thanks so much for the feedback. I’m so glad that the site has been helpful for you. Kind regards, Jeff
Pati Iovanni says
I passed with 100% on the exam and had no trouble with the mega code yesterday. Work has been brutal, so I only crammed the day before the class. This site is amazing! I got almost exactly the same code scenario as one of the practice codes, which I had run multiple times the night before. Thank you for making this stressful biannual event easier for me!
ACLS says
Hi Pati,
Great job! I’m so glad that the site has been helpful for you. Thanks so much for your feedback. Kind regards, Jeff
Sophia Ang says
If you’re studying for your ACLS, you’re in the right place! I found this website three or four days before my first ACLS class. Imagine my anxiety days before the class. I was having trouble finding the best strategy to study for ACLS. I tried reading the book, all different videos on YouTube…it was quite a challenge to digest each and every topic. I honestly didn’t know what to expect. But thanks to this website! everything started to make sense! I learned how to put everything together like pieces to the puzzle! I did the ACLS quizzes, the megacode scenarios, etc. I was able to finally GET IT if you know what I mean. I was surprised with myself because I was able to answer the questions in class without difficulty, ace the megacode scenarios and the quiz! Finally, I’m confident with my ACLS skills ^_^
ACLS says
That’s great Sophia! Thanks for the encouraging feedback. Kind regards, Jeff
Joan F says
Hi Jeff,
I have been using this site to review for both ACLS and PALS re-certification for the a few years now. The apprehension I used to feel weeks before the test is gone . By using your comprehensive site with its knowledge bases , quizzes, and megacode scenarios I now go into the certification knowing I am prepared to do well. Thank you for making this usually dreaded situation into an enjoyable one.
ACLS says
Hi Joan,
Thanks so much for letting us know how things went. I’m so glad that the site has been helpful for you. Thanks for sharing your experience. Kind regards, Jeff
Mark Morley says
I was preparing for my 4th ACLS re certification. 2,weeks ago. I haven’t used your site in the past but decided to give it a try. I actually thought it was a good review. I felt better prepared for the 2 day class and exam. Would I have done as well without the course, probably, but the review was good to highlight areas I needed work with! I would definitely recommend the site particularly for healthcare providers who are taking ACLS for the 1st time.
Mark, RN
ACLS says
Hi Mark,
Thank you so much for the feedback!
Kind regards, Jeff
Tiffany Rifas says
Jeff,
Just wanted to say again how much I appreciate the breakdown and ease of which to use this site. I passed my ACLS for the very first time taking with a 96% on the written and a 100% on the megacode. I have the PALS test in a little over 2 weeks and am using your site for it as well. I am certain I will have success with that course as well because of your site. I have already bookmark’d the site and will for sure use this for renewals in the future!
Thanks again. You’ve helped make learning so easy!
Kindly,
Tiffany
ACLS says
Hi Tiffany,
Great job ! I’m so glad that the site has been helpful for you. Thank you for letting me know how things went.
Stacy Mapes says
This is the best test site I’ve used! I have never taken PALS and this helped to ease my anxiety about taking a test. I especially appreciate the post question answers and page numbers for reference. I called customer support once because I signed up for the wrong test and it was corrected immediately. Exceptional customer service! Thanks… I’ll be back in February for ACLS. Thank you!
ACLS says
Hi Stacy,
Thanks so much for the feedback. I’m so glad that the site was helpful for you. It’s always a privilege to be able to provide great customer service!
Kind regards, Jeff
Randy B says
I have taken ACLS numerous times and each time I use your site to prepare. With the use of the Megacode series I find that each time I review I have retained the information and for longer. Thank you for a great learning tool. I recommend it to anyone studying ACLS. It takes the fear out of it and prepares you very well.
ACLS says
Hi Randy,
That’s great! Thanks so much for the feedback. Kind regards, Jeff
jasmine says
I passed the Mega Code and written test today. Thank you so much for a great resource to study ACLS. I will for sure come back again in two years. This is my third time. THANK YOU!
ACLS says
Hi Jasmine,
You’re welcome! Great job!
Kind regards, Jeff
Antony Borzotra says
Hello Jeff,
I’d like to once again thank You for putting together this ACLS-Algorithms Course.
The pre-tests, scenarios, and audio-visual presentations, made review for recertification go smoothly. I aced the exam and did very well again this year.
I’ve been telling My colleagues at work, about this Website and I will continue to be a returning customer in the future.
Best wishes for Your continued success.
ACLS says
Hi Antony,
Thanks so much for the encouraging feedback. I’m so glad that this site has been helpful for you. Thank you also for passing the site along to others! Kind regards, Jeff
Elise van Straaten says
Your scenarios and practice tests made the world’s difference in my stress levels and preparedness for the course. I passed easily.
I will use this site again when I have to recertify in 2 year’s time.
ACLS says
Hi Elise,
That’s great! I’m so glad that the site was helpful for you. Kind regards, Jeff
Susan Tan says
Hi, Jeff, thank you so much for helping me to review both my ACLS/BLS recertification, I did very well and I aced the written exams, I have used this site many times to review before my recertification, I love the site because it updates me what are the changes and recommendation by AHF and Heart and Stroke Foundation (Canada), I will continue to use this site for my review and I have highly recommended this site to colleagues
ACLS says
Hi Susan,
That’s great. Thanks so much for letting me know how things went. Thanks a lot for the recommendation. Kind regards, Jeff
PL says
I dreaded taking this ACLS certification and your course made it enjoyable to learn. I passed the certification with flying colors. The scenarios were extremely useful as well as the quizzes. Thank you for putting together a great course that was easy to learn, relevant and of great value.
ACLS says
That’s great. Thanks so much for letting me know how things went. I’m so glad that the site has been helpful for you. Kind regards, Jeff