The ACT Test
Find everything you need to know about registering for the ACT® test, important dates, test prep, what to expect on test day, your scores, and much more!
ACT Scholarship Giveaway*
Dream Big! Win Big!
We will be giving away a $15,000 scholarship + $5,000 technology package to 14 lucky students this school year. Eligible sophomores, juniors and seniors who register for the ACT® test between 9.3.2019 and 6.26.2020 are automatically entered for a chance to win. It’s that easy!
*No purchase necessary or ACT test registration necessary. See Official Rules for eligibility requirements, entry details, and instructions (including alternate entry instructions). Eligibility limited to students in the United States, Puerto Rico, and U.S. Territories.
ACT Test to Provide New Options Designed to Offer Students More Choices, Faster Results
Next school year, ACT will introduce individual section retesting, online testing on national test dates, and superscore calculations.
Webinar: New Options for the ACT Test Offer Students More Choices
Learn from ACT experts as they explain the new options, why ACT is offering them, and how these options give students more choices, a better experience, and greater confidence that their ACT test scores reflect their overall academic achievement and potential.
Date: October 24
Time: 12:00 p.m. ET / 9:00 a.m. PT
Duration: 60 minutes
You're More Than a Score. We're More Than a Test.
It's true. We're known for the ACT test, but there are many more ways that our solutions can help on the path to college and career readiness.
What's New at ACT
The workforce solution for comprehensive and reliable Essential Skills assessment.
A student success tool that identifies knowledge and skill gaps in math and English.
Provides free, personalized resources for students that are unique to their learning gaps.
GEAR UP Grant Writing Resources
Develop Your GEAR UP Grant Application with Resources from ACT
ACT tools may be embedded effectively into GEAR UP grant applications to help schools engage students early, accelerate their readiness through supplemental programs, and expand the capacity of schools to create college-going cultures.
New ACT Research Report
Higher Education Research Digest
Articles in the 2019 Higher Education Research Digest provide relevant, timely, and practical research insights to help higher-education professionals.
Opportunity and Achievement for All
ACT Center for Equity in Learning
The ACT Center for Equity in Learning (CEL) supports research that focuses on closing gaps in equity and achievement.Our goal is to produce actionable evidence to guide thought leadership, and inform changes in policy and practice, that will lead to improved learning and achievement.
ACTNext
Research, Development, and Business Innovation
Comprised of leaders working on innovative solutions that advance individuals throughout their lifetime, the ACTNext™ research team focuses on four key areas:
- Computational Psychometrics
- Learning Experiences
- AI, Machine Learning, and Multi-modal Analytics
- Innovative Assessments
2019 Education Technology and Computational Psychometrics Symposium
Registration is open for the 2019 Education Technology and Computational Psychometrics Symposium (ETCPS)
October 9-10 in Coralville, Iowa.
Since 2017, ETCPS has brought research and industry leaders across disciplines together for two days of challenging assumptions, exploring research insights, understanding how emerging research and technologies are breaking down barriers in education and assessment, and are shaping the future of learning, measurement and navigation.