It's easy & user-friendly. No credit card or commitments. We promise you’ll love it!
Spend 5,000 years going back and forth with clients to schedule appointments, reschedule, and then reschedule again.
Wish on the closest shooting star your client actually pays their invoice on time (and their credit card clears) after their session…unlike the last guy.
Nervously stumble through that first client call since you meant to send them an intake form–but then the phone rang, the dog barked, the emails poured in, and it didn’t get done.
Book more clients, get paid on time, and automate & organize with the right tools on your utility belt.
Clients can quickly view your real-time availability and self-book their own appointments—and even pay online, reschedule with a click, and eliminate 100% of the drudgery. (Official term.)Take 2 minutes. Try it now
Get a taste of the seamless experience your clients can count on with these five (fictional) websites that run on Acuity.
1 / 5
Auto adjust for time zones, let clients easily cancel & reschedule themselves, and automatically send reminders to keep clients prompt.
Manage multiple locations and employees, only show your clients the calendar you want them to see, plus all the flexibility to make scheduling work for you.
Ask clients to fill out intake forms when scheduling, and have all of their information neat & tidy in one place.
Automatically send branded & customized confirmations, reminders & follow-ups—via email or text message—and even accept payment and tips via Stripe, Square, and PayPal with the click of a button. After all, you’re sophisticated like that nowadays.Take 2 minutes. Try it now
We're a full-service suite, but you can still integrate with your favorite tools, too!
Get notified anytime a new appointment is booked, check your schedule right from your phone, and even tell Acuity to automatically update the calendars you already use, like Google, Outlook, iCloud or Office 365.Take 2 minutes. Try it now
your calendar via Facebook, Twitter, Google+ or email
knowing client information is private, as part of HIPAA
set up packages, memberships, and even offer group classes
to match the existing look & feel of your business
Got a question? Have a problem? Want to exchange cat GIFs while we help you take over the world? (Or, at least, your calendar.) We proudly support over 50,000 businesses from our Big Apple lovin’ offices in New York City and around the world—and whatever you need, we’re here to help. Because good customers deserve good experiences. Here, knowing your name is only the beginning.