Our best antivirus yet
adaware antivirus 12 is our best antivirus ever. It protects you against viruses, malware, spyware, phishing, online scams and hackers.Discover adaware antivirus
adaware keeps you connected
adaware ad block
The fastest & simplest
ad blocker
Blocks all ads including Facebook and video ads. Added security guards against online threats.
The Lab
Our malware lab is your trusted authority on the latest threats and how they impact your connections.visit the lab
Virus Bulletin VB100 Certification
“It is with great honor that our Adaware Antivirus has been awarded every consecutive year from Virus Bulletin and achieving the prestigious VB100 Certification”
See the full review here
Adaware Antivirus gets an "Advanced" rating
The latest results for AV-Comparatives malware protection test are in! We are proud to announce the latest version of Adaware Antivirus earned an "Advanced" rating.
View the report here
Download.com Editor’s Review
“...combines Bitdefender's advanced scanning technology with antispyware to provide you with top-of-the-line antivirus protection without system slowdowns.”
Read the full review here
DownloadCentral.no Award
“This is a popular program that we warmly recommend.”
Read the full review here
DownloadCentral.dk Award
“A fantastic free security program from adaware, highly recommended as it has many of the same characteristics as many of the paid programs.”
See the full review here
PC Magazine Editor’s Rating
“Ad-Aware Free Antivirus+ 11 focuses on the primary task of wiping out any malware that's present on your system and preventing future attacks from succeeding...an excellent application.”
See the full review here
AV Comparatives File Detection Test
“A good file detection rate is still one of the most important, deterministic and reliable basic features of an anti-virus product.”
See full review here
Softpedia Editor’s Review
“[The program] worked smoothly in our tests, without prompting errors or causing the operating system to hang or crash. It had minimal impact on CPU and RAM, carried out scans rapidly, and provided an excellent malware detection ratio.”
Read the full review here