Reach Your Digital Advertising Goals
Adcash Performance DSP+ is an online advertising platform for media buyers, affiliates, ad networks, and publishers worldwide.
Advanced in-house optimization technology and over 11 years’ ad tech experience provide your business with digital advertising tools that deliver results. The platform enables advertisers to reach worldwide audiences and publishers to monetize web traffic with minimum effort.
Adcash’s smart ad technology and features make your online advertising journey simple, enjoyable and profitable!
Performance
You set the performance goals and we’ll deliver by adapting to them! This is the next generation in performance marketing. Our tools rely on machine learning and data mining to deliver the absolute best performance.
DSP
Our intuitive platform is fully transparent with no hidden fees. Competitive pricing models and access to an expanding selection of supply sources. Create, track the performance and optimize your campaigns for success.
+
High quality supply sources supported by the power of programmatic. Choose between an exclusive supply of direct publishers and 200+ trusted RTB partners. We give you the best with the least intermediaries.
We’ve been in business for more than 11 years…
…and perfection is what we always strive for!
Global Reach
200 million unique users every day.
Anti-Fraud Technology
$11.8M advertising budgets saved in 2018.
Ad Tech Experts
Rocking the ad tech industry since 2007.
Pricing models
We have a wide selection of pricing models to suit your advertising strategy.
CPA Target
Set your desired CPA, our technology will adjust your bids to deliver conversions at your target cost.
CPC
Cost Per Click (CPC) bidding – you pay every time when someone clicks on your ad.
CPM
Cost Per Mille (CPM) bidding – you pay every time when your ad has reached 1000 impressions.
Upcoming Adcash Events
We’d love to meet you at one of our next events.
SIGMA 2019
27-29 November 2019
♦ Gaming Hub, Judge Paolo Debono Street, Msida Skatepark, Malta
Our team is attending SIGMA 2019 and we’d love to meet you there. Schedule a meeting with our expert team now!read more
With us you are always #winning
We combine the latest ad technology and industry know-how to deliver the best results for you.
24/7 Online Support
Our friendly support team is here to help you with any questions.
Get in touch with us!
No Hidden Fees
We’re transparent in everything we do – you can be rest assured there are no hidden fees.
Account Management
We offer multilingual account management and our advertising experts help you succeed.