AdMedia's network garners millions of ComScore-confirmed users who conduct billions of local and national searches per month. Our wide reach enables us to tap into vast amounts of data and harvest insights into consumer intent and interest. Brands can then leverage these insights to better target their campaigns, extend their reach on display and video, and, ultimately, meet their objectives and key results.
AdMedia automates and optimizes bidding and sub-source management in real-time to keep campaigns at peak performance. This enables advertisers to hit their goals much more efficiently, and it's the reason we are able to meet the objectives of every campaign implemented through our network.
Advertisers can rest easy knowing that all their campaigns are handled by our team of competent account managers and advertising specialists. Our staff tests and optimizes campaigns on a daily basis to ensure that they meet your advertising goals.
AdMedia draws millions of genuine users to its network and generates real engagement and conversions for your brand.
Combine that with our geographical and behavioral targeting capabilities, and you can bet that you'll start connecting with qualified customers.
The most intelligent solution for buying and selling verified video, search, display, email, and mobile advertising across devices is also the easiest. Learn more about how AdMedia works with:
You've worked hard to grow your traffic and user base. Let AdMedia help you grow your revenue.
With multiple monetization solutions, out-of-the-box placements, and ads that enhance user experience instead of disrupting it, we can send more clicks and conversions your way, thus putting more money in your pocket.Monetize Your Site
Earn video revenue quickly and easily with AdMedia's customizable player for publishers.Learn More about Video Monetization
All of our advertising products run algorithms and advanced targeting technology to ensure that every single ad engages the user.
We combine contextual, geographical and behavioral targeting techniques to optimize our ads and ensure that they convert and guarantee an excellent ROI.
Engage millions of viewers with advertisements that are sure to grab their attention. Be present on premium video websites and communities, and increase your viewership and customers at the same time.
Connect with users even when they're out and about. Use geo-targeting to serve up the most relevant ads. Admedia's mobile advertising solution is compatible with a variety of phones and tablets allowing you to reach users no matter where they are.
Be part of relevant search results and display your ads in front of users who are looking for what you have to offer.
Serve up your ads on the most relevant websites. We support multiple ad formats so no need to worry about ad compatibility. From modest text ads to rich media formats, you can be sure that you'll always have a place in our network.
Sick of shopping cart abandonment? Do users leave your site without completing a purchase or call to action? Fret not, with Remarketing you can bring back lost visitors to your website by connecting with them on other parts of the web.
Increase conversions by connecting with highly-relevant email subscribers. Additionally, our two-click model weeds out accidental clicks or disinterested users, so you'll always get quality traffic.
Launching a Cross-Channel Advertising campaign with AdMedia is as easy as signing up for an account and selecting the channels that you wish to leverage. Everything can be done from a single dashboard. All you have to do is create your campaign and specify the channels that you need.
Cross-Channel Advertising lets you leverage Video, Mobile, Search, Display, Email, and Remarketing to create powerful and comprehensive campaigns. You can choose to advertise using all these channels, or select them ala carte.
AdMedia can set up compelling and targeted campaigns that are proven to grab the attention of users and turn them into paying customers.Read more
Add value to your website and earn money at the same time by displaying ads that your visitors actually want to see.Read more
If you're looking for job openings, swing by our careers page. You'll find listings of all the available positions in our company.Read more
AdMedia has been providing state-of-the-art advertising solutions for advertisers and publishers since 1998. As an online advertising network, we are able to reach customers through various channels, including domain, email, search, and social media. Why go anywhere else?
Our goal is to deliver the best advertising services. We continue to find the most advanced solutions to keep up with fast-paced consumers and the ever-changing nature of the Internet. Whether you're an advertiser who wants to reach more customers, or a publisher who needs to earn extra revenue, AdMedia has the solution for you.
Advertisers can choose from a wide range of services that cover pretty much every corner of the web. Our display ad network receives over 100 million impressions per day and delivers more than 11 billion local searches and 29 billion national searches per month.
How do we do it? Simple. Our extensive online ad network has the power to deliver the right ads at the right time and place.
Publishers on the other hand, can earn more revenue thanks to AdMedia's competitive rates. Monetize your traffic using AdMedia's various products. You're in the driver's seat when it comes to choosing how ads will appear on your page. We have ad units for websites of all sizes, colors, and types, and we can connect you to ads that are related to what your website is all about.
We are always thinking outside the box and we've pioneered high-quality ad units that engage users and make them more inclined to interact with ads. Furthermore, our intelligent algorithms ensure that ads are only displayed on relevant websites so your users will only see ads that they are interested in viewing.
Our Thank You Emails and Thank You Offers reach users when they're in the mood to buy or shop, while our Remarketing technology effectively brings users back to your site and increases conversion rates by up to 125%.
Want to get more social with users? Check out our FooterRoll product that incorporates social media with ads. We also support interactive ad formats through our Overlay, PreRoll and MidRoll products, as well as our Intextual and Contextual ads.
Also check out our 404Bucks and DittoDomains products that enable you to monetize error pages and underdeveloped sites.
Signing up is extremely simple and takes minutes. Become a member of AdMedia's network and start making more money out of your products, services, or websites today!
We're more than happy to address any issues and find the right solution for you. Give us a call or request for more information here.