This online Apple Rewards Store (“Site”) is made available to you as an American Express® Card Member, and allows you to redeem Membership Rewards® points (“Points”) through Pay with Points feature via SafeKey (“Programme”). Points redeemed will be awarded in the form of a credit to the Card Account to which the Eligible Purchase was charged via this Site. You acknowledge and understand that: (i) the Site is operated and managed by a third party merchant, OneEmpower (the “Merchant”); and (ii) the products and services made available to you for purchase and/or redemption on the Site are provided by the Merchant. You acknowledge and agree that American Express International, Inc. (“Amex”) is not the provider, supplier, or seller of any of the products or services made available to you on the Site. Each purchase that is accepted or effected via this Site shall constitute a purchase and/or redemption of the products or services by you from the Merchant and not from Amex, pursuant to an individual contract entered into directly and only between the Merchant and you (each a “Merchant Contract”). If you choose to make a redemption on this Site, you undertake to comply with the terms of the Programme, and Amex is authorised to make payments due from you to the Merchant under the Merchant Contract on your behalf. Amex shall not have any responsibility or liability relating to the compliance or non-compliance by you or the Merchant under the Merchant Contract, and at no point in time shall Amex establish or be required to establish any contract for the provision of, or to provide any warranty or representation with respect to, the delivery, sale or provision of products or services made available to you on this Site. Amex shall not under any circumstances be responsible for any delivery, after-sales service, payment invoicing or collection, customer enquiries (not limited to sales enquiries), technical support, maintenance services and/or any other obligations or services relating to or in respect of the products or services made available to you on this Site by third parties. You undertake to resolve any and all disputes arising from the Merchant Contract, with the Merchant directly, without reference to Amex.