July 22, 2019
A tuition-free* online academy for grades 9–12, Destinations at Agora Cyber Charter Academy puts students on a path to success after high school. Destinations Career Academy at Agora Cyber Charter School is an innovative online program available to students through Pennsylvania that combines traditional high school academics with industry-relevant, career-focused electives—giving students a jump-start on their college and career goals.
While working toward their high school diplomas, students can choose from a variety of courses in these high-demand career fields:
Business - Careers in finance, marketing, and planning, organizing, directing, and evaluating business functions essential to efficient and productive business operations.
Health and Human Services - Careers in planning, managing, and providing therapeutic services, diagnostic services, health informatics, and support services.
Information Technology - Building linkages in IT occupations for entry level, technical, and professional careers related to the design, development, support, and management of hardware, software, multimedia, and systems integration services.
Pennsylvania-certified teachers provide live online instruction and tailor teaching to student needs. Students can participate in career-oriented clubs, gain workplace skills, and prepare to take industry-recognized certification exams in their chosen career path upon graduation.
Not only will graduates earn a high school diploma, but our students benefit from:
Internship support
Preparation for certification exams
Tallo, an online tool that connects students to careers, colleges, and scholarships
Project based learning that gives students real-world experience for future job environments
Agora is dedicated to the vision of preparing all learners to achieve their highest potential through actively engaging in their own schooling, achieving their personal learning goals, and cultivating success as lifelong learners. To spur engagement in the learning process, Agora has partnered with Nearpod to provide our teachers with this interactive tool to spur learning in our synchronous live classrooms. Due to the innovative work of our dedicated teachers, Nearpod has recognized Agora as a Nearpod Certified School based on our excellent use of this program in setting the bar high for student engagement.