We are the Agriculture and Horticulture Development Board (AHDB). Our purpose is to inspire our farmers, growers and industry to succeed in a rapidly changing world. We equip the industry with easy to use, practical know-how, which they can apply straight away to make better decisions and improve their performance. AHDB is a statutory levy board and is funded by farmers, growers and others in the supply chain.
From the knowledge library
Analysis of the number of doses of key vaccines authorised for use in cattle and sheep in 2018. This is an update to a report we published in November 2018, on the use of vaccines in dairy and beef cattle between 2011 and 2017.
Successful beef production starts with a bright and healthy calf that has been well looked after from the moment it is born. Following the advice in this manual will help ensure calves enter the next stage of their lives in the best possible condition and continue to grow to their expected targets
The way for sheep producers to maximise returns is to produce and sell the type of sheep buyers really want and are willing to pay for. This manual covers the key issues producers face when marketing prime lambs, from identifying target markets to selecting lambs to market
Output from the UK beef and sheep livestock sector exceeds £5 billion equating to 20% of gross output. The UK imports and exports large volumes of both beef and lamb with trade taking place in both directions as a result of seasonal variations, states of product and carcase balancing activities.
Tap into opportunities for meat, dairy and potatoes across Asia by exploring its diverse and changing needs
Understand how different Brexit scenarios could affect your farm business incomes
21 October 2019
We have launched the latest version of our leading tool, the Meat Purchasing Guide, as a digital edition with 170 pork cuts now added.
21 October 2019
We have welcomed three new recruits to our Knowledge Exchange (KE) team.
21 October 2019
Weather has continued to dominate global markets with wet and cold weather in the northern hemisphere and predominantly dry weather in the southern hemisphere.