|
How To Effectively Gain MUCH MORE From Your
Affiliate Promotions By Changing 1 Simple Thing...
If You're Not Using This Method In Your Promotions, You're Letting Yourself
Down By Missing Out On Unearned Commissions You Could Have Pocketed!
Don't Be A Dupe Because You Don't Know Better...
The Answer Is Right Before Your Eyes.
Have you been experiencing little response from your advertising campaigns, not making many sales, and feeling disappointed about the lack of response to your marketing?
Have you ever thought that there must be a better way to make money online as an affiliate or webmaster that doesn't involve a steep learning curve, or paying out a small fortune?
Don't despair... There IS a way.
Promoting your business online can be a daunting task if you don't have much experience or knowledge of the available methods of advertising and the strategies that really work.
You might know which strategies don't work, which is helpful, but unless you undertake a pile of testing and tweaking, analysing statistics and laying out money to try out your ad copy and salespage to get a good response, you're wasting time and effort.
Today We Have A Productive Solution That You Can Easily Implement To Make More Sales And Much More...
[sitename] was developed to provide a much-needed service to anyone that has something to promote that want more from their promotional efforts. By utilising the popularity and undeniable success of using splash pages in promotions, we've clearly seen how well they work to increase ROI in advertising campaign.
Affiliates that want to go that little bit extra to gain more of the untapped market.
Product developers that have a product or service they want extra exposure for.
Webmasters with an affiliate program that want to provide more marketing options to their affiliates to attract more new members.
Network marketers that want to funnel prospects into an autoresponder system to be followed up with automatically.
Prospectors that want to generate good quality leads for their own program or to sell online.
Ezine publishers that want to build their subscriber list.
You might have seen some affiliate programs that provide a simple splash page for you to promote, but imagine having total control over the look and feel of your splash page without the need of graphic design or copywriting skills!
You could literally save a fortune by using our splash page building system that provides you with access to these benefits and much more.
How do you know if you need to use our service? That's easy... [sitename's] splash page building system works exceptionally well for many types of marketers including:
Whether you fit into any of those categories or not, our system is worthwhile joining because it's absolutely free to get started!
We offer free and pro membership to our members and 3 pre-made splash/squeeze page templates to choose from, with more coming soon.
Using our system is so easy, a child could do it! Simply add the name you'd like for the splash page, choose a template, fill out the formatting form, and add an image. Enter the headings and subheadings you'd like to use, and click a button to generate your new splash page.
We'll Even Host Your Splash Pages For You!
Wow! That's something you didn't expect right? It doesn't matter where you are located in the world, we can host your splash pages for you on our secure web server. Let us take care of the hosting fees, uptime and maintenance, while you do more important things... like building a list and making more money! Eye-catching with colourful images.
Attention-grabbing with headlines that stand out in large font.
Short and sweet, stating what you want without taking up too much space.
Powerful list builders when you include autoresponder form code.
Great for including bulleted benefit lists, and so much more...
Splash pages are an extremely powerful tool that work to build your business and so much more. If you haven't used splash pages in your marketing strategy, you really should so you can see why they're so popular.
Splash pages are:
Most splash pages are a little longer than the first fold size of a computer screen, and get the message you want to impart across to your customer instantly. With our system, the best part is that it's quick and easy to create a splash page for any program or all of the programs that you're promoting.
Why not try out our system for yourself, and see just how easy it really is to setup a great looking splash page today?
Free members can create 5 splash pages for no cost, and you can view, edit and delete the splash pages as you desire. You can also edit the settings at any time to make any changes you wish as they're required.
There's no doubt that this system is a must-have tool for any serious marketer that wants to extend their leverage over the competition.
This program is a part of All In One Profits.
For now its only available to AIOP members
Click the link below to AIOP and get started! We look forward to welcoming you on the other side.
PS. It's a proven fact that splash pages work to increase opt-ins, sales, subscribers, and profits. Which one of those things would you like the most? All of them? Fine, scroll back up and signup for a free account now!