Remote control mobile devices directly by phone
Completing tasks on time while playing your mobile games like a pro
Checking the surrounding with device camera for guarding family safe
Solving phone's problem remotely for family by AirMirror
Solving the urgent business easily through the phone when you’re away from the office
Transfer files, photos, documents, music or APKs, all without a cable. You can even transfer folders and manage files remotely.Folder transfer is for Pro accounts only
No matter it's local or remote network, you can use AirMirror to take complete control of your Android devices. The View Only Mode allows you to present your device screen, doing game live streaming and demonstrating apps, etc. You can also use the remote keyboard to type on device using your computer keyboard.
Independent remote control App which support access mobile devices from the phone.Get AirMirror
The desktop notification feature allows you to mirror notifications of SMS, emails, app notifications (like WhatsApp, Kik, Line, etc.) to your computer and quickly reply them. No more need to check your phone, and never miss an important message.
Start device camera remotely, monitor the environment around the device in real-time.Remote connection is for Pro accounts only
No need to install any client, no restriction to any system, you just need a web browser to enjoy all the AirDroid features to manage your devices. The best solution during travel or for managing devices on computer without the desktop client installed.
Allows you to transfer files across devices, control mobile devices remotely, receive and reply to messages on computer. It fulfills the basic needs.Sign up
More remote connection data quota, more devices under one account, folder transfer, and remove ads, etc. It's the ultimate AirDroid experience.View the list of all the Pro account features Upgrade to Pro
AirDroid 3 blurs device lines even further with new PC and Mac clients, Android screen mirroring.
AirDroid is an awesome app that has brought iOS 8 - like Continuity features to Android devices since long before Continuity ever existed.
AirDroid on the web is still as awesome as it always was, but the new desktop clients - available for both Windows and Mac - is pretty snazzy.