We know how much effort goes into publishing a paper. Our team of PhD experts provide English language editing, academic translation and other manuscript preparation services, all backed by our 100% satisfaction guarantee.Get Started Now Learn more about what sets AJE apart
We specialize in helping researchers, scientists, and scholars to communicate their findings with a variety of services in 447 areas of study and over 2000 field-specific topics. At AJE, we pride ourselves on consistently delivering the highest quality services in the industry.
Top-quality English editing from an expert in your field to ensure that your text is ready for journal submission
Translation of your manuscript from Chinese, Portuguese, Spanish, or Japanese into publication-quality English
Reputation is important in the research community. World-class publishers like Springer Nature trust AJE to deliver high-quality English editing and manuscript preparation services to their authors.
"AJE has many talented editors. They offer a responsive, supportive and friendly service that is focused on the needs of authors. I am happy to recommend them."
Hazel Newton, Head of Researcher Services, Springer Nature
Our 1200+ editors have expertise in 447 areas of study and over 2000 field-specific topics. You can trust that our editors are not only experts in English but also fluent in the language and conventions used in your field.
Choose your area of study below to find out how we are the best suited to serve you.
AJE is made up of native English-speaking US-educated PhDs, academics, and publishing professionals. Our expertise is unparalleled in the industry. Each member of the AJE team is invested in every customer's individual success.
We offer a wide range of articles, videos, and webinars to help you along your journey to publication.
Conferences can benefit researchers’ labs and careers. Learn 10 ways to make the most of your time at one!
This white paper outlines specific actions authors can take to put together a strong introduction to research they would like published in the top journals.
Download our free research paper containing data on the costs and time involved in publishing research.
View this webinar recording to learn about improving quality in peer review! This recording features four speakers and sessions related to writing a good peer review, reproducibility in research, and alternatives to peer review.Learn more
Sign up for our newsletter to receive the latest resources (and the occasional coupon) before they're posted to the web. We respect your privacy and will never share your email address with anyone else.