Experience life without alcohol addiction.
Now is the time to change your life. Browse resources and get connected to treatment that is right for you.
Speak with an expert (844) 558-4422
How alcohol addiction strikes
Alcohol addiction can happen to anyone. While not everyone who drinks will become an alcoholic, heavy drinking over a long period of time makes it more likely that a problem will develop. There are many other factors, including genetics and underlying mental disorders, that can contribute to alcoholism. Millions of Americans struggle with an alcohol use disorder of some kind — from binge drinking to addiction.
Get help for alcoholism.
If you or someone you care about is struggling with an alcohol problem help is out there. There are many treatment options, from inpatient rehab to outpatient counseling and support groups. Just because a problem has developed doesn’t mean it has to stay a problem. Get treatment for your alcohol addiction right now and start taking your life back from this disorder.
Inpatient Rehab
- Full immersion in the recovery process
- 24/7 support and guidance
- Removed from temptation of day-to-day life
- Ability to be medically supported
Outpatient Rehab
- Freedom to keep a job outside of rehab
- Sense of independence and normalcy
- Receive more love and support from family
- Less expensive than Inpatient Rehab
Recovery is Possible
Jerry Lawson shares his story of addiction to painkillers and how he got his life back on track through rehab.
Alcohol and Mental Health
Approximately 7.9 million Americans classify as dual-diagnosis (with any substance and any disorder). Among this population, alcohol is by far the most commonly abused substance, much like in the population as a whole.
Quotes from recovery
Get Your Questions Answered
Alcohol doesn’t have to control your life. There are multiple treatment options available to help those struggling with alcoholism achieve long-lasting sobriety. We’re here to answer any questions that you may have and help you each step of the way.
How to Help My Loved One
It's difficult to watch a loved one's drinking pattern worsen, as it may take a toll on your relationship with them. While you cannot force a person to get help for alcoholism, there are various ways you can support them and encourage them to seek treatment.Learn More
Alcoholism Can Impact Anyone
Regardless of your age, ethnicity, religion, profession, or daily activities, alcohol can severely impact every corner of your life.