Welcome to ALDI.
People call us different. We take it as a compliment.
Whether you visit us for our everyday groceries, or visit on Wednesdays and Saturdays for our weekly Special Buys™, there’s nothing like shopping at an ALDI supermarket. We do things differently, but for a very good reason: our commitment to bringing you the lowest possible prices on a wide range of high quality products.
So try your local ALDI store today - you might walk in to do the grocery shopping and walk out with a new lawnmower as well.
Product Recall: There are active Product Recall Notices, see here
SCAM ALERT – Gift vouchers, emails and websites:
Customers please note that there are an increasing number of websites, emails, competitions, Facebook promotions and SMS marketing that purportedly give away free ALDI vouchers or gift cards. Please be wary of these scams asking you for personal information, sharing emails or links, responding to text messages with your personal details or calling a phone number to win. These are not associated with ALDI Australia. Any competition run by ALDI Australia would be communicated via this website, our email newsletter or our official ALDI Australia Facebook page. You can assist the ACCC by reporting this fraudulent activity to the Scamwatch website.
ACT Warning: Liquor Act 2010 - A person must not sell or supply liquor to a person under 18 years old on premises where the sale or supply of liquor is authorised or in a public place. Maximum Penalty $5,500; NSW Warning: Liquor Act 2007 - It is against the law to sell or supply liquor to, or to obtain on behalf of, a person under the age of 18 years; VIC Warning: Under the Liquor Control Reform Act 1998 it is an offence to supply alcohol to a person under the age of 18 years (penalty exceeds $17,000), and for a person under the age of 18 years to purchase or receive liquor (penalty exceeds $700); WA Warning: Under the Liquor Control Act 1988, it is an offence to sell or supply liquor to a person under the age of 18 years on licensed or regulated premises; or for a person under the age of 18 years to purchase, or attempt to purchase, liquor on licensed or regulated premises. For more specific legislation in your state or territory, visit our Liquor Licences page.