Bringing “Health on Wheels” to At-risk Teens in Cape Town
-
CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK™
Timely results you can trust. CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK™ offers accurate diagnostic results in 30 minutes.Learn More
-
A NEW STANDARD IN SENSITIVITY DETERMINE™ HBsAg 2
The world's most sensitive rapid diagnostic test for detection of Hepatitis B surface antigen for use with serum, plasma or whole blood.Learn More
-
Alere™ i is now ID NOW™
ID NOW™ is a rapid, instrument-based, isothermal system for the qualitative detection of infectious diseases.Discover more
We find the AegisPOC™ platform to be intuitive and simple to use.
"I would highly recommend AegisPOC™ to other POC Coordinators, and in fact have already done so!” ~Anne Penrice.
Improve the way you diagnose, monitor & manage your patients.
With the Alere Afinion™ 2 System, there’s no need to send test results to the lab or spend time tracking them down. That way you can keep your focus where it belongs – on the patient.
Combat Antibiotic Resistance with education from TestTargetTreat.com
Antimicrobial resistance is a huge global health issue and contributes significantly to patient mortality and rising healthcare costs across the world. Visit TestTargetTreat.com now.
Point-Of-Care Testing: One Solution to Global Healthcare
Discover how our rapid diagnostic testing solutions can help solve some of the world's great healthcare challenges - including yours.
Explore Point-Of-Care Stories
Read real-life accounts of how point-of-care testing opens new doors to healthcare and improves medical outcomes around the world.
See how the use of existing rapid diagnostics and the development of new rapid diagnostics are critical components of the global strategy to combat antibiotic resistance.
Viewpoints
Point-of-care diagnostics is a growing and dynamic industry helping to improve clinical and economic outcomes globally. Abbott brings you a variety of expert viewpoints on new innovations, insights, and impacts that are shaping the future of diagnostics around the world.
Impact
10/12/2017
Events
Help and Support
Technical Product Support
Whether you're looking for answers or would like to solve a problem, we'll help you resolve your issues quickly and easily.
Document Search
Looking for point-of-care product documentation online? Use our document search tool to help you find the ones you need.