The latest venture capital, seed, pre-seed, and angel deals for NYC startups for 10/25/2019 featuring funding details for Taskade and much more.
Workplace Stress and How Mindfulness Can Help Reduce It
With 62% of workers reporting that work is their main source of stress, it is necessary for both employers and employees to be mindful of their mental wellbeing. There are several ‘easy to do’ solutions to the growing issue of stress, and the most efficacious of these is mindfulness. When mindfulness is practiced within the […]
5 Strategies to Thrive in Customer-Driven Disruption
In my experience as a business consultant, I find than most people still believe that technology drives business disruption. I’m more convinced that technology merely enables disruption, and changing customer interests and needs really causes it. Many companies try to recover with more advertising and rebranding, and discover that these strategies don’t work well in today’s […]
Squarespace Acquires Social Stories Platform Unfold
Squarespace has acquired Unfold, the app for creating engaging stories for Facebook, Instagram, and Snapchat. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed. “Unfold and Squarespace share the same DNA and vision for empowering creators. Together, we’ll continue to rethink how people share stories to connect and inspire. We couldn’t be more excited for this new […]
The AlleyWatch Startup Daily Funding Report: 10/24/2019
The latest venture capital, seed, pre-seed, and angel deals for NYC startups for 10/24/2019 featuring funding details for Grafana Labs, Scala Computing, and much more
Read This Before You Make Another Decision
1. There’s No Perfect Decision. There’s Just Life. It’s just the truth – you don’t know the alternative and you never will. There’s no time machine, there’s no future machine, there’s just no way to really know whether you made the right move or not. Whichever decision you make, you won’t know how the other […]
6 Principles to Move Innovation Intentions to Results
Everyone talks about innovation, but the majority of new business plans I see still reflect linear thinking – one more social network with more features, another smartphone app for marketing, or one more platform for faster e-commerce. Historic changes and great successes don’t come from linear thinking.
Inside the Mind of a NYC VC: Kapil Desai of Catalyst Investors
Welcome back to Inside the Mind of an NYC VC, a highly acclaimed series at AlleyWatch in which we speak with leading New York City-based Venture Capitalists. In the hot seat this time is Kapil Desai, Vice President at Catalyst Investors, one of New York’s first growth equity firms, which was founded in 2000. Currently investing out of its […]
Founder Compensation: The Good, the Bad, and the Suicidal
Or, how to cash out without killing your startup in the cradle.
The AlleyWatch Startup Daily Funding Report: 10/23/2019
The latest venture capital, seed, pre-seed, and angel deals for NYC startups for 10/23/2019 featuring funding details for Blueground, Algorthim Sciences, and much more.
10 Lessons For Startups From Ocean Racing Teams
A perfect storm is an expression that describes an event where a rare combination of circumstances aggravates an environment drastically. In the entrepreneur world, I feel we are in such a situation now for new startups, with the confluence of business transformations, the explosion of new digital technologies, and the political turmoil around the world.