What is Easy Peasy All-in-One Homeschool?
We exist to help families homeschool. We enable families to homeschool who thought they couldn’t because of a lack of finances, a lack of time, or a lack of know-how. Others join EP just because it’s easy and fun and they’re confident of the quality of education. EP seeks to free families from the burden of pursuing the “perfect” and encourages them to let it be “enough.” Each family and each child is different and we seek to provide the resources to enable your family to be who you were created to be.
Try out our new way to access and track lessons
myepassignments.com
In 2011, I (Lee Giles) began putting my children’s assignments online so that they could work independently and so that I had the assignments saved for their younger siblings. I also wrote it from the beginning to be able to be used by other families. EP grade levels and individual courses include 180 days of homeschool lessons and assignments. It covers reading, writing, grammar, spelling, vocabulary, math, history/social studies/geography, science, Spanish, Bible, computer, music, art, PE/health, and logic. It uses only free materials found on the internet.
This site holds preschool (getting ready 1), kindergarten (getting ready 2), and first through eighth. (We have a separate high school site.) Choosing a level (on My EP) will set reading, language arts, math, computer and logic, any of which can be switched to a more appropriate level without affecting the others. Choosing a theme enables all of your children to study the same topic at the same time. The themes are based around the history courses of ancient history, early American history, geography and cultures, and modern history. Music and art are part of these themes and science is set to what would typically be studied at the same time.
You choose the courses. Set it and forget it. Then your child just clicks on the lesson link for each course (found on My EP) and starts clicking through the assignments. It will track what lesson they are on and their days. It does not save any other information. We do not track your students. It’s just an aid for you.
And yes, it’s all free. You’ll need paper, pencil, etc. and some minor supplies if you choose to do the experiments and art projects, but all of the reading materials, etc. are all free and online. We do offer offline courses for math, reading, and language arts, which you can find in our store. You can also find workbooks of Printables, the worksheets used in the online courses so that you don’t have to print. There is a suggested donation for using My EP if you so choose.
My hope is to enable families to continue homeschooling no matter their life circumstances. A sister site, All-in-One High School, holds the high school courses.
You can read my response to the questions “Is it enough?” and “How can this be free?”.
You can read more about the curriculum on the About and How To pages. You can also see if your questions have been answered on the FAQ page.
Note: EP is not an online school. We are a homeschool resource. Your home is the school! You are the administrator. We’re just here to help you on your way.
Scroll down for more recent updates.