Hotfixes [22/10/19]:
Realism mode players can now loot the Wilderness Supply Chests and Bloody chests.
Fixed broken clue scroll steps
Fixed item drop warnings
Fixed overlay minimum value setting
Fixed GIM bloody key looting
Apron spawns have been fixed.
Barbarian fishing Agility/Strength XP fixed. (Wasn't being added)
Fixed a bug where some NPCs (Revenants, Basilisk knights, etc) could not be attacked.
Hello everyone,
Today's update brings many different suggestions from you guys, and results from recent polls you've voted on. We've made sure to include a ton of bug fixes and QOL, as well as some new content such as Skotizo in the Catacombs, many new client settings, new clue scrolls, MM2 tunnels and Duel Arena presets. I know that we mentioned that development blogs were going to be posted if the update was going to be longer than a week, but there were many unexpected delays this week that made us want to focus our time fully on working on the actual update itself, and we hope that considering the size of this update, you will not be disappointed :)
Bug Fixes:
Bryophyta's staff is now tradable.
Fixed a bug where Kylie Minnow wouldn’t stop players from fishing if they exceeded 3000 minnows.
Fixed a bug where the player needed a noted lava battlestaff to enchant it
Fixed an issue where Disciples of Iban would spawn as Scout NPC's.
Fixed a bug that required players to have a jade in their inventory to make topaz amulets.
Fixed a bug where all storage bags would notify the player that they deposited the incorrect number of items.
This bug applied to the looting bag, herb sack, gem sack, bone sack, and seed box.
The items were all correctly deposited, it was just the amount shown to the player in the chat box that was inaccurate.
Fixed a bug causing the face mask to make the player's head invisible.
Fixed a bug with the falador tunnel shortcut.
Fixed a bug where players could equip/unequip the falconer/cormorant gloves.
Fixed a bug that required players to have 2 untanned black dragon hide instead of the tanned variant to make a black d’hide shield.
Added Hespori killcount tracker
Gilded D'hide Chaps/Vambs no longer require 40 defence to equip.
The white/purple raids light now shines above the chest properly.
Fixed an issue where selecting raw/cooked fish in Kingdom of Miscellania would give the opposite type of fish.
The Bonecrusher Necklace now acts as a bone crusher if it is in the players’ inventory
Note that without the necklace equipped, players will not receive the prayer bonus.
Added the defense bonuses to the music cape.
Fixed a Kingdom of Miscellania bug where right-click collecting would say you have nothing to collect if you hadn’t yet opened the interface to refresh the coffers.
Fixed a Kingdom of Miscellania bug causing players to only get the seed/gem rewards one, instead of based on the number of days they had waiting to be collected.
The bug causing pets to randomly disappear and not be able to be re-claimed has (hopefully) been fixed.
Added the cutting animation when cutting Aerial Fish.
Quality of Life:
Players can now right-click trade Elnock Inquisitor in Puro Puro.
Added the falador crumbling wall shortcut
Updated the glass blowing interface to be the more modern version.
Added reclaimable shop warning, which lets player know when the shop is getting full, and that untradeables will be permanently lost if their shop is full and they die.
The sound made when the Ava’s effect would take place to save ammo has been removed.
Slightly decreased the amount of worms required for solo raids and 2-4 man raids
Clue scroll drops will now be announced to the player in the chat-box.
Wesley Crusher has been moved next to Zahur due to popular request.
Players can now load more of the same type of darts into their blowpipes without first unloading it.
Added Digsite pendant teleports:
Can be used to teleport to:
Digsite
Verdant Valley
Fossil Island
Crystal armor/tools can now be reverted back to seeds by using the right-click option.
Players who choose to revert their items will not be refunded their crystal shards used to create the pieces, only the seeds used for them.
Added basilisk head to the list of boss heads that can be sacrificed to the dark altar for prayer experience.
Noted herbs can be cleaned for 1000 coins each as opposed to 500.
Doing so will not provide any Herblore experience.
Right clicking “Clean” on Zahur will still only clean the un-noted herbs, so that players do not accidentally clean their noted herbs and end up paying double.
Players who wish to clean noted herbs must speak to Zahur, and she will present an option to do so.
Added White Apron spawns to Wydin’s Food store and Gerrant’s fishing supplies in Port Sarim.
These are required for one of the new clue scroll emote steps.
Wilderness changes:
Players can no longer destroy any items in the wilderness while in combat with an NPC/Player.
Players now have priority when attacking their bounty hunter targets in single combat areas in the wilderness.
If a target is in combat with another player or another npc, and the player’s target attacks him while he is in combat, that will take precedence.
Kingdom of Miscellania changes:
The maximum 14 Tarromin daily herb reward has been replaced with 8 Toadflax.
Players now have a chance to get an elite clue scroll when claiming fishing resources.
The more days stored you have, the more likely you are to get the clue scroll.
Players will now receive 5 of a random seed per day, as opposed to 2, when collecting Herb/Flax resources.
Players will no receive up to 10 gems a day, as opposed to 5, based on the number of workers allocated to mining.
Makeover mage skin color changes:
Players can now change their skin color at the makeover mage, whether it’s a custom skin or a donator skin.
Each time a custom skin/donator skin is purchased or set, it will be saved to the players unlocked skins, so they’ll be able to cycle through their unlocked skins at the makeover mage.
When opening the makeover mage interface, the skin color you currently have will first be saved to your unlocked skin colors.
This means that players(particularly those who bought a custom skin) will not need to have their skin colors re-instated, they’ll instead be automatically added to your unlocked skins.
Duel Arena Presets:
Players can now save and load presets in the duel arena interface.
When loading a preset, it will save upon logout and can be used whenever the player desires.
The load last duel preset is also now functional.
Players can use this to apply the same settings as the previous duel they were in, however this preset won’t save upon logout.
Barbarian fishing changes:
Players can now use a knife on any of the leaping fish caught from barbarian fishing for cooking experience.
Cutting a leaping fish will provide players with 10 base cooking experience for leaping trout/salmon, and 15 base cooking experience for leaping sturgeon.
Cutting a leaping fish will also reward players with fish offcuts, which can be used as bait.
The revenant cave teleport scroll now teleports players to the level 40 wilderness entrance, as opposed to the level 17 one.
Bounty hunter teleport changes:
Players will now have a warning when using the bounty hunter teleporting, which will indicate the wilderness level of the player, and whether or not they are in a multi-combat zone.
Looting Bag Changes:
Clicking “Open” on the looting bag will not turn it into an open looting bag which will automatically deposit items that are picked up in the wilderness.
Clicking “Open” will also open the looting bag without warning, however clicking “settings” will still provide a confirmation warning to open the looting bag.
New clue scroll steps:
Map clue scrolls:
Wilderness Volcano
Ardougne zoo
Hobgoblin isle
Draynor village
Outside of Falador
Relekka lighthouse
Miscellania
Ourania
Tower of Life
Varrock Mine
Wizard’s tower
Yanille
Emote clue scrolls:
Catherby emote clue
Exam room emote clue
Keep Le Faye emote clue
Port sarim emote clue
Shayzien emote clue
Wizard tower emote clue
Cryptic clues:
These are a brand new type of clue scroll to Alora, in which players must follow the hints to find their next clue.
Monkey Madness 2 tunnels:
We’ve added the Monkey Madness 2 tunnels to allow players to burst/chin train, and believe this will give a more pronounced use for chinchompas.
To access the tunnels, speak to the teleport wizard and navigate to the Monsters section and select Maniacal Monkeys.
There are 2 of these tunnels, and they can be accessed by using the rope in either tunnel to move between the two.
Pest Control Shop Changes:
The elite void robe top and bottom have been removed from the pest control shop.
Players can now speak to the Void Knight to upgrade their regular void top/bottom.
This will cost 150 pest control points to upgrade each piece.
Teleblock changes:
Players will now have their Teleblock removed if they kill the player who Teleblocked them.
Bond fix:
Immortal donators who open bonds in-game will now longer be reset to Master donators.
In-game customs link updated.
Miscellaneous:
Ice gloves are no longer tradable.
After defeating the Jungle demon in the Monkey Madness quest, you will now be teleported back to King Narnode.
Polled Changes Below:
The following changes, which were polled by @[member="God"] last week, have been implemented:
Group Ironman players can now open Bloody chests and Supply chests.
Dragon bolts (unenchanted) have been added to the loot tables for both Bloody chests & Supply chests.
Fishing experience from Barbarian fishing has been buffed (20%).
The rate of obtaining Molch pearls from Aerial fishing has been slightly buffed.
Catacomb Skotizo
Skotizo can now be spawned in the Catacombs of Kourend.
This alternative to the wilderness location gives the same loot minus the ability to obtain wilderness items and high-tier loot.
Items EXCLUDED from Catacombs Skotizo:
Bloody keys
Wilderness emblems
Amulet of torture
Tormented bracelet
Necklace of anguish
Rune pouch
Skotizo's drop table has been updated to reflect this by displaying the items above in red (denoting that they are wilderness only).
Notes:
This is a solo fight in an instanced area.
Skotizo is easier to fight here, with lower HP than usual.
You can still only summon Skotizo once every 12 hours (whether it is in the wilderness or catacombs).
Minnow Fishing Changes:
Players can now fish more minnows without being interrupted by Kylie Minnow:
Regular donators/Players: 3000 minnow
Super/Extreme donators: 3250 minnow
Legendary donators: 3500 minnow
Uber/Master donators: 3750 minnow
Immortal donators: 4000 minnow
Website updates:
The screen you are shown after logging in (‘You are now signed in, please wait while we transfer you’) has been fixed.
Previously, this page was broken and showed a white background on the left side, and the message was not properly centered.
Store changes:
We’ve cleaned up a few things on the store, including:
A better looking ‘sale’ badge on sale items.
The ‘Buy Tokens’ button will now glow to show players who are unfamiliar with the store how to buy tokens. After you click it, it will no longer glow while you are on the token purchase page.
Bug fix:
GIM/Realism players were sometimes having their rank stripped and replaced by a Donator rank, which should no longer occur.
Forum changes:
Last Username display:
Some players who have changed their name would not have their old name show up on their profile (or when they post).
This is because the old name had a space in it, but these names will now be shown as intended.
Hiscores changes:
The Hiscores will no longer show 2 XP less than your total (Eg. Players who have maxed out every skill were showing 4,599,999,998 XP instead of 4,600,000,000).
New client settings:
Hide Antifire notification:
This client setting when toggled on will hide all anti-fire notifications(from the shields or the potions) from appearing in the chat box.
Minimum drop warning notifier:
Players can now set the minimum value of an item that requires confirmation to drop.
If the value of the item is higher than the minimum value set by the player, a confirmation box will appear, which the players will need to confirm before dropping the item.
Item Overlay Filters:
An option in the settings has been added to configure item overlay settings.
Add Filter:
Players can add filters of items (by name) to the list, which will specifically hide drops of those items.
Players can add a maximum of 100 filters.
Remove Filter:
Players can remove previously added filters (by name), which will once again cause those items to show up as overlays.
Minimum item value:
Players can specify a minimum item value for overlays, so any items that are worth less than this minimum value will not show up.
Clear filters:
We’ve also added an option to clear all the filters immediately, so players do not have to go through all of them manually if they wish to reset their filters.
Overlay item pricing:
Previously, item values were based on store value (very low). They are now based on GE value to make it more accurate.
Overlay item coloring:
Previously, only 2 colors were available for item overlays.
There are now 5 different colors:
Gold (extremely rare item) (1M gp+)
Orange (very rare) (750k+)
Purple (rare) (100k+)
Blue (uncommon) (50k+)
White (all other items)
Enjoy :) Please make sure that you report any bugs that you find immediately.
Regards,
Omicron & Chad