Al Tayyar Online has now transitioned to
Click here to visit Almosafer now.
If you are a corporate client, you can place your booking here .
If you are an e-gov client, click here .
If you want to follow up on existing bookings, please call 920012333.
FAQs
How long will I be able to book through the Al Tayyar Online website?
You will be able to use the Al Tayyar Online website for new bookings until 31 August 2019. The website will remain available after that, but you will only be able to access the "My Account" section until 31 August 2020. Only corporate clients, agents and e-gov clients will be able to book through it.
What if I have an existing booking with Al Tayyar Online?
Your current bookings are still valid and will continue to be handled by the Al Tayyar Online customer support team.
You can check your bookings in the My Account section, which is still available online, or call us at +966 9200 12 333.
Bookings made after 31 August 2019, will be serviced by the Almosafer customer support team at 920000997.
Will I be able to view my previous Al Tayyar Online bookings on Almosafer?
Previous Al Tayyar Online bookings will not be available for viewing on Almosafer. However, you will still have access to the My Account section on the Al Tayyar Online website or app, where you can view all your past bookings. You can log in and view bookings here . Your account on Al Tayyar Online will be available until 31 August 2020.
I am a corporate client, agent or e-gov client. How do I make bookings and what happens to my account?
If you are a corporate client, agent or e-gov client, you can continue to use Al Tayyar Online to make your future bookings and access your account.
I have the ATO app installed. Will I still be able to use it?
Starting 31 August 2019, you will not be able to make any new bookings through the Al Tayyar Online app. However, if you already have the app installed, you will be able to view your account and past bookings until 31 August 2020.
What happens to my Sky World loyalty points once I shift to Almosafer?
Your Al Tayyar Online Sky World loyalty points will be converted to a discount equivalent to the value of the points you've accumulated with Al Tayyar Online. This discount will be sent to you in the form of a voucher code via email that can be redeemed on hotel, flight and holiday package bookings on the Almosafer website and mobile app.
How can I make a booking over the phone or in person?
After 31 August 2019, you can make all your phone bookings by calling Al Tayyar Online's customer support team on +966 9200 12 333. You can also visit our new state-of-the-art Almosafer stores in Riyadh and Jeddah for one-on-one consultations with a dedicated team of travel advisors, or any of our existing Al Tayyar branches in the Kingdom.
Can I log in to the Almosafer website or app using my existing Al Tayyar Online username and password?
You will not be able to automatically log in to the Almosafer website using your existing Al Tayyar Online username and password. However, you are free to create an account using the same email address and password.
How do I create an account on Almosafer?
To create an account on Almosafer, simply follow these steps:
1- Visit Almosafer.com
2- Click on 'Sign In'
3- Register for an account by providing the required details
4- Click on 'Create an account'
What if I already have an Almosafer account?
If you have an Almosafer account, you can continue to use that for future bookings. You can still view your past Al Tayyar Online bookings on the My Account section on the Al Tayyar Online website or app.
Why should I book with Almosafer?
Almosafer is Saudi Arabia's leading brand for travel bookings that offers a seamless and personalised booking experience with the latest secure payment options and full transparency in prices and taxes. With Almosafer, you'll be able to:
- Browse & filter over 1.5 million hotels and thousands of flights at the best rates
-Explore complete holiday package options
- Get access to exclusive deals and offers
- Filter hotels by location, price range, star rating, amenities and more
- Use special filters for hotels in top locations, luxury or budget stays, family-friendly options and more
- Explore flight options with a wide range of airlines such as Saudia, flynas, Emirates, Lufthansa and British Airways
- Sort flights by price range, number of stops and other factors
- Pay instantly & securely with credit cards, debit cards, mada, or in installments (for cards with select banks)
- Choose to pay now, later or at the hotel for hotel bookings
- Earn or redeem points with Qitaf on Almosafer
- Earn ALFURSAN reward miles on hotel bookings
- Book return flights with different airlines for Saudi domestic travel
- A personal account to manage and track your bookings
- Get 24/7 customer support in English & Arabic