Imaging Model Locates Epicenter of Disease, Predicts Atrophy
By analyzing a single MRI scan, researchers pinpointed the origin of frontotemporal dementia pathology and predicted its future progression.
By analyzing a single MRI scan, researchers pinpointed the origin of frontotemporal dementia pathology and predicted its future progression.
The transcriptional repressor quiets neural activity and lengthens lifespan in worms. It is abundant in the brains of cognitively healthy centenarians.
Using chemical cross-linkers to map contacts among amino acids, structural biologists predict that soluble tau is, in fact, a compact globule containing β-sheets poised to snap into a pathological formation.
Ablating the immune cells protected mouse models of frontotemporal dementia from the neurodegeneration caused by human ApoE4.
Resident T cells in the membrane surrounding the healthy mouse brain influence both short-term memory and synaptic plasticity.
The protein helps internalize neuronal interleukin receptors. It also promotes microglial phagocytosis. Does its absence worsen neuroinflammation and Aβ burden?
Researchers induced cortical organoids to grow their own vasculature and even form a blood-“brain” barrier, making the little blobs more useful for studying disease.
Overexpressing neuronal A2A receptors stoked C1q in microglia, damaging synapses and memory.
Alzforum encourages users to visit the Virtual Exhibit Hall, where companies showcase their newest initiatives, products, and services. We welcome F. Hoffmann-La Roche, joining our other exhibitors — Biogen, BioLegend, Dash Genomics, Inc., Abcam, BrainXell, and the Jackson Laboratory.
Within any given neurodegenerative disease, patterns of brain atrophy may be similar, but they are still heterogeneous. This makes it hard to predict which areas of a person’s brain will deteriorate in the future. A new model uses baseline structural MRI to predict both where the disease likely started and where it will go next. This model allowed researchers to predict which brain regions were most at risk for future decline in individuals with either bvFTD or svPPA. The results may point to a new biomarker for early stage clinical trials.
New in last 7 days
Latest Comments