Amara's award-winning technology enables you to caption and subtitle any video for free. For larger subtitling projects the platform makes it easy to manage teams of translators. And you can always purchase high-quality captions or translations from our passionate team of professional linguists.
Amara can help make your videos accessible to the world!
The Amara Editor is an award-winning caption and subtitle editor that’s free to use! It’s fun and easy to learn, and encourages collaboration. Whether you’re an independent video creator, someone helping a friend access a video, or a grandchild translating a family clip for Grandma – the Amara Editor is the simplest way to make video accessible.
Amara Enterprise delivers powerful solutions for your video accessibility and localization needs. Key platform features include private and secure workspaces, flexible workflows for creating quality subtitles, plus a powerful API for connecting seamlessly to your own platform. Amara helps companies around the world streamline their subtitling processes.
Professional Subtitles for Localization & Accessibility
Amara On Demand offers high quality, professionally created captions and translations. With over 2,500 professional linguists, all native speakers, focused on making content accessible and affordable, the Amara On Demand team is an exceptional choice. Join the growing number of organizations choosing Amara and supporting our mission!
The Amara team are always on-hand to turn around high quality subtitles for multiple languages in a short space of time. This is essential for a global video channel.
Toby Heard, Video Editor
We love Amara’s ease of use, and how everything and everyone is organized. Super smooth process!
Molly Michelson, Senior Media Producer
Amara has provided us a great service for several years. The team is very pleasant and responsive.
Lena Jaroschek
Volunteer
Join the tens of thousands of people making the wealth of information on the internet accessible to everyone. There are many opportunities to volunteer. Organizations, like TED Talks, Scientific American, Net in Nederlands, and Udacity are just a few. Others, such as the Captions Requested team ensure videos are accessible to the Deaf and Hard of Hearing.
Amara is home to a vibrant group of passionate individuals focused on making online content accessible. We want everyone to benefit from the free education, culture, and media available. Content that enriches people’s lives and broadens their perspectives.
Our technology, our services, and our teams are driven to accomplish this mission. We are a diverse group of people, from places and cultures across the globe, who want to see a more inclusive world. When you use Amara’s services, volunteer to subtitle a video, or donate to support our efforts — you are helping to accomplish this mission.
The Amara Editor has won multiple awards for innovation, and its impact on accessibility. We are humbled by the accolades, and excited that the work we are doing is making a difference.
The Tech Awards
The Tech Awards is a program of The Tech Museum of Innovation wherein innovators are recognized for technological contributions which benefit the greatest number of people.
The FCC Chairman's AAA
The Chairman's Awards for Advancement in Accessibility is an FCC program recognizing products, services, standards and other innovative developments that improve the experience of people with disabilities.
The UNAOC Intercultural Innovation Award
The United Nations Alliance of Civilizations and the BMW Group aims to select and support the most innovative grassroots projects that encourage intercultural dialogue and cooperation around the world.
Watch Subtitled Videos
Enjoy the many videos that have been captioned or subtitled on Amara.