Foreign Policy and Security
Donald Trump’s Gift to Kleptocrats
The president’s attempted shakedown of Ukraine is a colossal blow to U.S. efforts to fight corruption around the world.
Trump’s Constitutional Crisis
Trump’s Impeachable Conduct Strikes at the Heart of the Rule of Law: Part 2
President Trump’s dealings with Ukraine demonstrate just how much he thinks he can get away with. Congress must hold him accountable.
The Executive Privilege Is Far From Absolute
There are limits on the president’s ability to withhold information from Congress.
Energy and Environment
Events
Confronting the Nature Crisis
Please join the Center for American Progress for a discussion with Sen. Tom Udall (D-NM), Rep. Deb Haaland (D-NM), and journalist Elizabeth Shogren on the nature crisis and what the nation can do to better restore and protect public lands and natural areas.
Center For American Progress, 1333 H Street Northwest, Washington, DC, USA
Center for American Progress
Health Care
The Truth on Wait Times in Universal Coverage Systems
The White House falsely asserts that Medicare for All must lead to longer wait times for care.
Immigration
LGBTQ Dreamers Fear Detention and Deportation and Need DACA’s Protections
A new survey shows that LGBTQ DACA recipients fear the consequences of losing the program’s protections.
What We Know About DACA Renewals
Unless they renew, nearly 157,000 DACA recipients could see their protections expire by the time the U.S. Supreme Court likely issues a ruling next June.
Disability
10 Disability Policy Questions Every Presidential Candidate Should Answer
The disability community is a growing political constituency, and the debates have yet to really address policy priorities affecting the 57 million people in this community.
Progressive Pulse
Gun Violence Prevention
Bullet Control
While national attention is primarily focused on gaps in U.S. gun laws, weak oversight of the ammunition industry also exacerbates gun violence.
Postsecondary Education
Restoring the Promise of Higher Education
The House’s Higher Education Act reauthorization bill would create a more equitable, affordable, and accountable higher education system.
What Graduation Rates Have Missed for Community College Students
New Outcome Measures data show that more community college students transfer schools before they graduate.