GameSir T4 Wireless Controller
Step up your gaming experience with the GameSir T4 Wireless Controller! KEY FEATURES 2.4GHz Wireless connection (through USB dongle) Wired connect...View full details
Step up your gaming experience with the GameSir T4 Wireless Controller! KEY FEATURES 2.4GHz Wireless connection (through USB dongle) Wired connect...View full details
Through collaboration between Hardkernel and the CoreELEC team, the ODROID-N2 has become an even more powerful media platform. CoreELEC is a next...View full details
Teensy 4.0 is the latest in the Teensy line, offering the fastest microcontroller and powerful peripherals in the amazing Teensy 1.4 by 0.7 inch fo...View full details
USB-C 24W adapter for use with USB-C cables. KEY FEATURES Input : 100-240VAC, 50-60 Hz, 0.7A Max USB-C Port USB Power delivery output : 5V at 3A,...View full details
The ODROID-GO Game Kit includes a special anniversary board with all the parts to put together your own game kit and see the workings behind suc...View full details
Attention Retro-Gamers! With the OGST Gaming Console Case for ODROID-XU4, you can build your own gaming console with a powerful ODROID-XU4 or ODR...View full details
Through collaboration between Hardkernel and the CoreELEC team, the ODROID-N2 has become an even more powerful media platform. CoreELEC is a next...View full details
The CloudShell2 NAS kit for the ODROID-XU4 and XU4Q is an affordable DIY Network Attached Storage (NAS) solution with RAID support. Like the origin...View full details
From Pieterjan Montens on Medium: I wanted [...] a deconstructed “mobile” ARM-based workstation where I could choose all the parts, without solder or duct-tape, just off-the-shelf components. It would be power-efficient. It would adapt to the places I’ll be working...
From retro-esp32's github page: Retro ESP32 is the ultimate feature-packed ODROID-GO Launcher. Includes color schemes and theming. Drawing inspiration from the popular RetroArch emulator front end of choice. We packed 11 (current count) prebundled emulators including ROM / Game manager....
Duncan, our resident unboxer, has done it again! This time, he unboxes the Gamesir T4 Wireless Game Controller, compatible with most systems! Check out the video below: