Home Page Embedded Style Tag
FALL IS FOR PLANTING WILDFLOWERS
Fall Max Mix Is Perfect For Any Meadow
Fall Max Mix $19.95lb
If you’re new to fall wildflower seeding, or to wildflowers in general, our Fall Max Mix is the perfect choice for you! Specially formulated for fall-planting, this popular mixture is a must-have for any wildflower meadow and always sells out - Order Now!
We're Your Wildflower Experts
100% Pure Seed | Non-GMO
Our approach is simple ‐ for years we have offered gardeners only the best wildflower seeds, flower bulbs, perennial plants and flowers, vegetable seeds and flower seed packets ‐ the ones we grow in our own gardens. We stand ready to help you grow with confidence!
WILDFLOWERS
Make a Natural Difference
Regional Wildflower Seed Mixes
- Designed for your region.
- Easy to grow varieties.
- Long season of blooms.
Annual Wildflower Seeds
- Fast-growing flowers.
- Nectar-rich & pollinator-friendly.
- Easy to grow in most climates.
Perennial Wildflower Seeds
- Blooms come back year after year.
- Needs less care over time.
- Most tolerant of extreme weather.
Lupine
From the California hills to the coast of Maine, Lupine is one of America's largest and most famous flower groups, both in the wild and in gardens.
Shop Lupine Wildflowers
How To Grow Texas Bluebonnet
Learn everything you need to know to successfully grow Texas Bluebonnet.
How To Grow Texas Bluebonnet
Texas Bluebonnet
Texas Bluebonnet is a true-blue beauty and one of the worlds most well-known wildflowers. Famous for creating carpets of sweeping indigo color mid-season in meadows throughout the country, Texas Bluebonnet is also easy to grow and deer-resistant.
Shop Texas Bluebonnet
Each spring all over the US, gardeners fall in love with the tall spiky blue, purple and mixed colors of one of the most popular flowers of all time - the Lupines. Our hardy, easy to grow varieties include Perennial Lupine, annual Arroyo Lupine and customer favorite Texas Bluebonnet. Lupines make a great addition to any garden or meadow.Shop Lupine Wildflowers
Tulip Types Explained:
Tulips are some of the showiest and most-photographed spring blooms. This spring, make your garden stand out from your neighbors’ by planting rare and unusual tulip bulbs.
Tulip Types Explained: Our Top Picks For Success In The Garden
Double Late Tulips
With long-lasting, large flowers and layers of petals, these lovely tulips can almost be mistaken for a double peony.
Shop Double Late Tulips
Darwin Tulips
Perhaps one of the most reliably perennial, mid-spring bloomers with deep colors, and strong stems, Darwin Hybrids will come back each year for several springs when happy.
Shop Darwin Tulips
Tulips are one of the most popular spring-blooming bulbs, and we’re not surprised; Tulips are an easy, foolproof flower for huge color in any sunny spot. Plant close together in large groups for a bold swath of blooms in spring!Shop All Tulips
Lawn Replacement with Wildflowers
Easy-to-grow wildflowers make an excellent lawn alternative. Why choose wildflowers over grass lawns? Wildflowers are low-maintenance – they need little supplemental water once established, and they only need mowing once per season.
Daffodils & Tulips For Fall-Planting
With cheerful and colorful flowers nothing adds more to your spring garden than Daffodils and Tulips. They're perennial, easy to grow, and magnificently beautiful, both are true favorites for creating stylish beds and borders. Plant in Fall for a jumpstart to spring growth. View our Guide to Fall Planting.
Where Confidence Grows
We're Here to Help:
No matter your soil, climate, or level of experience, Wildflowers are incredibly easy to grow! We’ll walk you through each easy step, with photos and videos at the ready in case you need more direction.Read Now
Daylilies are hard to kill, which makes them popular with beginning gardeners and old hands alike. Follow our instructions, and you'll have the best-looking Daylilies on the block!Read Now
Lavender is widely celebrated for its beauty and fragrance, but it also has a true knack for attracting butterflies and bees. Though it prefers gritty soil and warm, dry air, Lavender can now be grown successfully almost anywhere.Read Now
Amaryllis are known for producing their lasting, beautiful flowers indoors each winter. A holiday tradition to many, easy-to-grow Amaryllis bulbs and growing kits always make the perfect gift. Learn how to grow amaryllis bulbs both indoors, and out in the garden.Read Now