Ammo.com: Your Best Source for Discount Ammo Online
-
Fast Shipping To Your Door
Ships today or next business day
-
Freedom Fighter Donations
Supporting those who share our values
-
Live American Customer Support
Help for your questions or concerns
-
128-Bit SSL Secure Shopping
Encrypted for your peace of mind
Popular Ammo Calibers & Brands
Our Ammo Comes With a Side of Freedom
At Ammo.com, we're passionate about two things – our customers and our freedom. We are committed to providing excellent service and doing our part in preserving liberties like the Second Amendment. That is why we are known as America's Pro-Freedom Ammo Source, and that is what sets us apart from the rest (as well as some of the cheapest ammo online).
We Support Freedom
Over 200 years ago, our Founding Fathers preserved our right to keep and bear arms in the Bill of Rights to the Constitution. We join them in that fight more than two centuries later by financially supporting organizations that continue to protect our Second Amendment rights.
After placing your order, choose from a hand-picked list of pro-freedom organizations including the NRA, Soldiers' Angels, Homes for Our Troops, Second Amendment Foundation, and more. We will donate 1% of your total purchase to the organization of your choice – at no cost to you.
We Ship Fast
In general, orders placed before 3:00pm Eastern on a weekday will ship same day. If your order is placed after 3:00pm Eastern, or on a weekend or holiday, it will ship the next business day.
We Are Waiting For Your Call
Purchasing ammo online is the best way to buy ammo. If you ever have a question, give us a call and speak to a live person – an American in America. We're not hiding behind a frustrating automated phone system, or re-routing your questions to India or the Philippines. We promise to do our best to answer any questions and resolve any issues.
We Make Purchasing Easy & Secure
When buying ammo online, easily search by manufacturer or caliber. As you browse our inventory, whether it's imported or American ammunition, you're seeing the exact quantity we have on hand. We don't back order, play games, or make promises we can't keep. What you see is what we have – at some of the best ammo prices online.
Once your cart is full, checking out is completely secure. The Ammo.com check-out system is fully PCI compliant, featuring bank-level SSL encryption. No one – not even in our company – is able to access your credit card information.
We Arm Customers Physically & Philosophically
What makes the right to keep and bear arms so important? Simply put, the individual right to defend against aggression is fundamental to civil society. Self defense is a natural safeguard against violations by individuals or oppression by institutions, such as an increasingly powerful and unaccountable government. History has repeatedly shown that absent this protection, dominating rulers will use force to subjugate and trample the rights of defenseless individuals. We believe the best ammo deals will help Americans stay armed.
Criminals want soft targets, individuals who can't or won't fight back. Unchecked power corrupts even the best, and people who have known too much power over others for too long become increasingly comfortable with harsh and extreme measures. This is part of what happens when police officers brutalize the citizens they have sworn to protect. The corrupting effect of too much power is what permits a government to slaughter their own unarmed citizens, as we have seen too many times in the last century.
The Second Amendment was established to prevent such an imbalance of power. It protects our natural rights to live free of domination and coercion, both as individuals and as Americans. Because if we don't have the ability to defend ourselves, we also risk losing the free exercise of our many other rights.
We at Ammo.com are proud to be America’s Pro-Freedom Ammo Source, and we’re determined to earn your business and your trust.
Are you a blogger who shares our passion for freedom? Join People of the Gun – a tribe of likeminded firearm owners who believe in and practice the constitutional and natural right to protect our families, ourselves, and our homes.
Overwhelmed With Ammo Options? Start Here
Welcome to the best place to buy ammo online. Whether you're hunting, target shooting or looking for the best self-defense rounds – ammo shopping can be overwhelming. The good news? You've arrived at the best online ammo store that will help you find what you need and get it into your hands as quickly as possible.
If you don't know where to start, here is a quick overview of the types of ammunition, the brands that carry them (both imported and American ammo), and their many varieties.
Handgun Ammo
True to its name, a handgun is small and lightweight – making it popular for concealed carry. And while you may lose accuracy compared to shooting a rifle or shotgun, some of the most popular calibers in the world are designed for handguns. The .45 Colt. The 9mm Luger. The .357 Magnum. The .40 Smith & Wesson. Not only are each of these cartridges an iconic piece of ammo history, but they also influenced the development of modern handgun ammunition.
These legendary calibers are just the beginning. From military and law enforcement use to home protection and concealed carry, you will find handgun ammo for a variety of uses.
Rifle Ammo
The rifle's unmatched versatility is perhaps why it has been around for centuries. Its power and accuracy makes it popular for hunting, self defense and target shooting – but the wide variety of rifles and ammo can be mind-boggling.
Hunting with a rifle allows you to choose ammo for specific game. Small or large, varmint or predators, short range or long range – the rifle ammunition available is so particular, it can mean the difference between hunting a black bear or a brown bear. And while a rifle's length can make it difficult to maneuver in tight spaces, its accuracy makes it a popular choice for home defense, with the AR-15 among the most trusted in the U.S.
Rimfire Ammo
With less power than its centerfire counterpart (due to primer being at the base as opposed to the center), rimfire ammunition is most commonly used for plinking, target shooting and varmint hunting. Among rimfire ammo is one of the most widely used cartridges in the world – the .22 Long Rifle. Many novice shooters use this iconic ammo as a learning tool and go on to use it for plinking and small-game hunting.
For those looking for a training ammunition that doesn't need the power of a centerfire cartridge, rimfire ammo is fun to shoot and is generally among the cheapest ammunition online.
Shotgun Ammo
Arguably the most specialized type of ammo on the market today, shotgun ammunition can be loaded for uses as specific as deer, squirrel and a variety of game birds. Shot sizes ranging from 000 (triple aught) to 12 shot and with varieties in lead, steel and buckshot – the choices are seemingly endless, and they provide several excuses to own a shotgun. From sport shooting and hunting to home and personal defense, this firearm is as versatile as the amount of shotgun shells on the market.
Less lethal ammo is also available for shotguns, including rubber bullets, which are often used by law enforcement for crowd control.
Ammo Brands
When most people think of the history of firearms, they think of the weapons themselves. But a gun is useless without its ammunition, which has a long and storied history in the United States – dating back to the Founding Fathers and the use of armories. Commercial ammo as we know it today began with a familiar name, Eliaphalet Remington, who founded what is now the oldest manufacturer of firearms in the U.S. in 1816. Remington paved the way for ammo brands across the country like Hornady and Winchester, as well as international brands like Italy's Fiocchi, Russia's Wolf, and South Korea's PMC.
We offer these brands and many more. Browse our inventory and learn the fascinating history behind these iconic ammunition manufacturers.
Casings, Primers, Bullets & Shotgun Projectiles
We go beyond offering you the best deals on ammunition – we want our customers to understand the anatomy of ammo. To do this, we must begin with casings. Available in aluminum, brass, nickel, steel and mixed varieties, casings are the ammunition "packaging" and can determine cost, weight, shelf life, and reloading capabilities.
Inside these casings are primers, which is what gets struck by the firing pin, creates a flash and ignites the powder. They are available in Boxer, Berdan and rimfire – each factors for performance, size and calibers.
Propelled by this ignition is the bullet, which is simply the projectile and can come in dozens of varieties – including hollow point, full metal jacket, lead round nose, soft point and more – that determine power, penetration, speed, expansion, safety and many other factors. Shotgun projectiles have similar qualities, but with pellets instead of a single bullet.