Viewing the Orionids in 2019
The Orionids The Orionids, like all meteor showers, are named after the constellation in which they appear to come from,…
The Orionids The Orionids, like all meteor showers, are named after the constellation in which they appear to come from,…
During this period the moon reaches its last quarter phase on Monday October 21st. At this time the moon will be located 90 degrees west of the sun and will rise near 0200 local daylight saving time (LDST). This weekend the waning gibbous moon will interfere with morning observations. Evening skies will be dark until moonrise near midnight local summer time (LST). Conditions will improve with each passing night as the moon wanes and rise later during the morning hours.
During this period the moon reaches its full phase on Sunday October 13th. At this time the moon will be located opposite the sun and lie above the horizon all night long. Toward the end of this period there will be a moonless period of a couple of hours between dusk and moonrise. Unfortunately meteor rates at this time are very low.
During this period the moon reaches its first quarter phase on Saturday October 5th. At this time the moon will be located 90 degrees east of the sun and will set near 23:00 local daylight saving time (LDST). As the week progresses the window of dark skies during the morning hours will decrease with each passing night.
During this period the moon reaches its new phase on Saturday September 28th. At this time the moon will be located near the sun and will not be visible at night. As the week progresses the waxing crescent moon will enter the evening sky but will not interfere with viewing meteor activity as it sets long before the more active morning hours arrive.
Ross Phelps captured this beautiful scene of a fireball over water on July 24, 2019 from Piermont, New Hampshire USA.…
During this period the moon reaches its full phase on Saturday September 14th. This will be the worst time of the month to try and view meteor activity as the bright moon will obscure all but the brightest meteors. Toward the end of this period the evening hours will be free of moonlight but rates during this time of night are low, seldom exceeding 5 meteors per hour.