|
Paperback / softback
|
The Weekend
People went on about death bringing friends together, but it wasn't true. The graveyard, the stony dirt - that's what it was like now . . .
Despite the three women knowing each other better than their own siblings, Sylvie's death had opened up strange caverns of distance between them. Four older women have a lifelong friendship of the best kind: loving, practical, frank and steadfast. But when Sylvie dies, the ground shifts dangerously for the remaining three. Can they survive together without her?
They are Jude, a once-famous restaurateur, Wendy, an acclaimed public intellectual, and Adele, a renowned actress now mostly out of work. Struggling to recall exactly why they've remained close all these years, the grieving women gather for Christmas at Sylvie's old beach house - not for festivities, but to clean the place out before it is sold.
Without Sylvie to maintain the group's delicate equilibrium, frustrations build and painful memories press in. Fraying tempers, an elderly dog, unwelcome guests and too much wine collide in a storm that brings long-buried hurts to the surface - and threatens to sweep away their friendship for good. The Weekend explores growing old and growing up, and what happens when we're forced to uncover the lies we tell ourselves.
Sharply observed and excruciatingly funny, this is a jewel of a book: a celebration of tenderness and friendship that is nothing short of a masterpiece.
'A compelling and vivid look at the friendships we make as women. Honest, unsettling and, like all good literature, had me asking questions about life and myself.' Heather Rose, author of The Museum of Modern Love, winner of the 2017 Stella Prize
|Trending
Bestselling
Heath & Happiness
New Release Fiction
Coming Soon
|
Our Picks
|
Award Winners
|
Featured Books
| Gift Guide
Gift Cards
Gifts for Her
Gifts for Him
Gifts for Kids & Teens
Coffee Table Gifts
| Popular Authors
Di Morrissey
Fiona McIntosh
Jodi Picoult
Liane Moriarty
Judy Nunn
Lee Child
Matthew Reilly
Michael Connelly
Michelle Bridges
Paullina Simons
Peter Fitzsimons
Stephen King
Tim Winton
Richard Flanagan
Diana Gabaldon
| Popular Categories
Food & Drink
Crime & Mystery
Biographies & Memoirs
Fantasy
Health & Fitness
Kids & Teens
Contemporary Fiction
History & Military
Mind, Body & Spirit
Travel & Holiday Guides
Business
Gardening
Erotic Fiction
| Popular Brands
Australian Womens Weekly
Dork Diaries
Dr Seuss
For Dummies
Lego
Lonely Planet
Peppa Pig
Popular Penguins
Mr Men and Little Miss
Star Wars
The Hunger Games
Sophie La Girafe
The Wiggles
Thomas & Friends