Anxietycentre.com - Help for anxiety, anxiety attacks (panic attacks), anxiety disorders.
Last updated: October 8, 2019
Anxiety Attacks, Disorders, Symptoms, Causes, Treatment - Popular Links
Anxiety Symptoms, Disorders, Causes, Treatments
Anxiety Attacks Symptoms And Panic Attack Disorder, Causes, How To Stop
Anxiety Tests Quizzes - Anxiety, Anxiety Disorder, OCD, SAD, Depression, Stress, etc.
15 Ways You Can Help Someone With Anxiety Disorder
Play the clip below for Jim Folk's message about anxiety. Jim Folk is the president of anxietycentre.com.
All of us at anxietycentre.com have successfully overcome anxiety disorders. We continue to live normal lives because we learned HOW.
For example, I (Jim Folk) suffered with intensely debilitating anxiety (including intense and persistent panic attacks) for 12 years (from 1974 to 1986). But after discovering how to successfully address problematic anxiety, I recovered in 1987 and continue to live with normal health (over 27 years).
(Click here for more information about my personal struggle with anxiety.)
Because of our own struggles, we are committed to helping others so that they can regain their normal and healthy lives, as we have.
We do this by:
- Providing the most up-to-date anxiety information, help, and support in the members area of our website.
- Offering personalized assistance to those who prefer to have step-by-step help with their recovery via Personal Coaching/Counseling/Therapy.
While anxiety disorder recovery is attainable, there aren’t any “quick fix,” “miracle cures,” or “secret remedies.” Anxiety recovery requires accessing the right information, help, and support. Then, applying the right tools to bring about results. Anyone can do it when they know how and have the proper support.[1]
Sadly, many people try a wide assortment of herbs, remedies, vitamins, and secret formulas in hopes of finding lasting relief. Unfortunately, these options generally don’t provide satisfactory or lasting relief. So many people continue to flip flop between hope and despair, feeling better and feeling worse...for years. This is a common struggle for many with anxiety disorder.
But, success can be attained.[1] We know what it takes to overcome problematic anxiety because we've done it ourselves. And since we’ve done it ourselves, we know the struggles and challenges. But we also know how to succeed.[2]
We encourage you: Don’t suffer needlessly. There's a lot you can do to successfully address problematic anxiety, as we have.[1] We’d like to help you do that.
For more information about anxiety counseling/therapy or joining our Recovery Support area.
Anxietycentre.com can help you address anxiety, anxiety disorder, panic attacks, stress, fear, sleep disorders, and anxiety attacks!
The combination of good self-help information and working with an experienced anxiety disorder therapist is the most effective way to address anxiety disorder and its many symptoms. Until the core causes of anxiety are addressed - the underlying factors that motivate apprehensive behavior - a struggle with anxiety disorder can return again and again. Identifying and successfully addressing anxiety's underlying factors is the best way to overcome problematic anxiety.
Additional Resources:
- For a comprehensive understanding of: Anxiety Disorders Symptoms & Signs, Types, Causes, Diagnosis, and Treatment.
- Anxiety and panic attacks symptoms can be powerful experiences. Find out what they are and how to stop them.
- How to stop an anxiety attack and panic.
- Free online anxiety tests to screen for anxiety. Two minute tests with instant results. Such as:
- Anxiety 101 is a summarized description of anxiety, anxiety disorder, and how to overcome it.
REFERENCES:
[1]DISCLAIMER: Because each body is somewhat chemically unique, and because each person will have a unique mix of symptoms and underlying factors, recovery results may vary. Variances can occur for many reasons, including due to the severity of the condition, the ability of the person to apply the recovery concepts, and the commitment to making behavioral change.
[2]”CBT can be recommended as a gold standard in the psychotherapeutic treatment of patients with anxiety disorders." - Otte, Christian. "Cognitive Behavioral Therapy in Anxiety Disorders: Current State of the Evidence." Dialogues in Clinical Neuroscience. Les Laboratoires Servier, Dec. 2011. Web. 14 Sept. 2016.
anxietycentre.com: Information, support, and anxiety disorder therapy for problematic anxiety and its sensations and symptoms.
Recovery Support Benefits
√ 5000+ pages of self-help information.
√ Information you won't find elsewhere.
√ Information is updated and added to daily.
√ Comprehensive symptoms section with each symptoms described and explained.
√ Frequent Questions section with answers to over 1300 questions commonly asked about anxiety.
√ Skype Live Call-In with Jim Folk and guests, as well as over 100 hours of recorded discussions.
√ Private members discussion forum with years of discussions and answers.
√ And so much more.
"The member's area of your website has the best anxiety symptoms section anywhere.
Now, I know what to do. You guys are great!!" - J.G.
See Recovery Stories
Advertisement