iPhone 6 Lookbook
ALTA Furniture
BAZAAR Shopping Book
GE AR13 Catalog
IKEA Bathroom Catalog
Overlock Magazine
Real Estate Catalog
Wedding Magazine
Trusted by some of the world's smartest companies
Creating an online publication is as easy as uploading a pdf file. All you need to do is publish it on different devices. Publish as many digital flipbooks as you want at no extra cost!Learn more
Publishing to HTML5 & Flash flipbook, which could automatically view on any device--ranging from PC, Mac, Laptop, iPhones and Androids, to iPads and Tablets.Learn more
Add stunning Animation, Page Links, Text, Shape, HotSpot, Image Slideshow, Flash, Video Player, Music Player, Sound and MP4 & Youtube Video clips. Also, you can add advanced action on multimedia.Learn more
AnyFlip Cloud is the leading cloud platform which delivers secure, high-performing user experiences to any device, anywhere. It is with unlimited storage for any users who can delivers locally and reaches globally. It provides the customers with unmatched reliability and security.Learn more
Completely DIY your page flipping book with a variety of pre-designed templates, and adjust the templates with your unique logo, background, icons, preloader, shadow, cover, colors, buttons, navigation options and more (120+).Learn more
Utilizing HTML5 & jQuery technology, AnyFlip mobile viewer enables mobile readers to reach your digital publications flexibly and delivers optimized, rich media content, and a better reading experience on all mobile devices.Learn more
AnyFlip enables you to publish the flipbook offline no matter which version you are using: Windows or Mac. You can easily store it in CD/DVD or USB to distribute at trade shows or hand to your customers.Learn more
Enhance your publication revenue stream by adding security, controlling unlimited number of subscribers access, and using the power of AnyFlip subscription solution on the cloud!Learn more
Provides a new and interesting way to promote and sell products online. Create a completely immersive point & click shopping environment with our easy-to-integrate service solution. Allows your viewers to shop directly from your digital catalog/magazine without leaving the page.Learn more
Create a multi-level table of contents directly in AnyFlip's user-friendly interface, or import them automatically from PDF documents. The table of contents support unlimited categories and subcategories and it is flexible.Learn more
To protect your digital brochure,you can add passwords and encryption to the entire publication or allow the user to view few of pages then protect the rest of the publication on the cloud!Learn more
Stays connected to any digital flipping book you created. It can become a reality by sharing them with social media sites like Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn. You could also email them with only simple clicks.Learn more
Measure and track all reader behavior, including number of vistors, visits and page views, time spent on publication, time spent on page, links clicked, audios played, videos played, keywords searched and many more.Learn more
Supports 17 languages for interface of AnyFlip, they are: English, Japanese, French, German, Spanish, Italian, Portuguese, Czech, Simplified Chinese, Tranditional Chinese, Dutch, Russian, Arabic and Korean, Greek, Hebrew, Basque and more.Learn more
AnyFlip provides you with a brand new and powerful Bookcase that exhibits all your published online flipbooks in a nice looking showcase.Learn more
For each publication you can add a separated sound file in .mp3 format. Also there is an option to set the auto play and the loop. You can add video files inside your publication pages.Learn more
AnyFlip’ Wordpress, Joomla and Drupal plugins make it simple to get your magazine up and running in your websites; Will help bloggers and website makers create more animated sites and contents easily!Learn more
We've incorporated actionable analytic tools in order to capture the click and audience visit data. We do anything possible to ensure the greatest audience and share you these real time statistics and reports.Learn more
We value your privacy and protect your financial and personal data with full encryption and advanced fraud protection.
Our software is free of any forms of malware or virus. It is safe to install and run.
Knowledgeable representatives available to assist you through email within 1 business day.
Contact Us
Download
Try AnyFlip free and experience increased efficiency and productivity