The mission of Apex Innovations is to improve knowledge and clinical competency for optimal patient outcomes, by creating and delivering effective, guideline-based online education for the healthcare team. Our vision is to transform clinical education using unique, interactive, and realistic 3-D animations to address educational needs. Our design approach is to make difficult concepts come to life to enhance the learning experience.
In 2002, Apex Innovations was founded by Marianne Bourgeois, an emergency nurse who witnessed a false computer-generated 12-lead ECG interpretation for a patient who was really having an MI. She developed MI Rule Visions®, a template to help others better understand 12-lead ECGs and subsequently, online continuing education.
Located in the heart of Cajun country, Lafayette, Louisiana, Apex Innovations is housed amid lively festivals, spicy foods and people deeply rooted in their Southern charm and rich culture. We are dedicated to educating the medical community and providing learning that is unique and fun to learn!
Apex Innovations provides the highest quality online continuing education to individuals, hospitals and health systems, universities, organizations, and corporations around the world. With a goal to empower our learners to deliver the best health care possible, Apex Innovations designs, manufactures, and provides education filled with amazing graphics, 3-D animations, and interactivity.
So we have been a PSC since 2012. We have never given t-PA in less than 71 minutes, until last week! We had a 59 minute time. I think all of the additional education is really paying off! Thanks for the helpBeth Wiese, RN Stroke Program Coordinator
I think it's a great way to have an interactive view of anatomy... then they understand neuro.Debbie Summers, RN, MSN, ACNS-BC
It's so easy to use! It's very clear how to manuever around. Just a click and you can find out information with what's happening in the anatomy.Rachel Malloy, CNRN
Each program actually addresses various learning styles for the participant. So it uses audio, visual, and even tactile learning styles so that each individual person can gain the maximum benefit out of using the program.Christie Artuso, Ed D, RN, CNRN