Focus on top priorities and projects. Priority Matrix creates a central source of truth to coordinate all the work your team needs to do.
Priority Matrix creates a central source of truth so you can coordinate all the work your team needs to do.
Based on the Eisenhower method framework, Priority Matrix is a full featured project management software that helps teams prioritize and focus on what matters most.
After using Priority Matrix, I feel it would be strange to manage my priorities any other way. This is the way I start my day and the way I end my day.Renee Baker – Human Capital Director | Weylchem US | Chemical Manufacturing
We are able to capture tasks in a central location and stay organized as a team. Additionally, having real time updates across the entire team and having mobile capability is a significant enhancement… It is a great organizational tool that your whole team can use together.Todd Wright – CEO | Midwest Community Bank | Financial
We like everything about this software. Our company and team have used the “4 quadrant concept“ even before we started using Priority Matrix, so it was really a perfect match.Ulysses Alvarado – CEO | TU Vision Canal | Advertising Media
I am slowly getting rid of notes all over my desk. Priority Matrix is robust enough to be used for noting all actions necessary… Much greater organization, time saving, quicker response to action items, easier operation.Jordan Westropp – Executive Vice President | Wojcik Builders | Construction
Cloud-based software that serves me (not the other way around), making access to projects and tasks convenient via desktop in the office, laptops while traveling, or mobile devices while on the move. Collaboration within our teams makes Priority Matrix the perfect solution for groups of people to achieve more together. PM helps me focus on what needs to get done.John Ashworth – Vice President of Global Sales | SIMCO | Electronic Manufacturing
Incredible functionality and features packed into the software for a very affordable price. Interactive communications even with non users of the system is possible… Visibility into team productivity and priorities. Improved collaboration and communication. Focus and execution capabilities.David Donenberg – Chief Financial Officer | Seasons Hospice | Healthcare
Priority Matrix has dramatically changed the practices of the company in a positive way… Everybody understands how to use it and agrees it is a wonderful tool because the software is very easy to access.”Phillipe Robin – CEO | Weylchem US | Chemical Manufacturing
Best Functionality Award of 2017. Most Functionality in Gartner’s 2017 Product Roadmapping Report. Project Management FrontRunners 2019.
Priority Matrix gives you everything you need to for priority, task, and project management to achieve transparency, accountability, traceability, and efficiency.
Your team is more accountable when everyone’s aligned on key tasks. Their priorities are transparent and clear with Priority Matrix.
With Priority Matrix’s 4-quadrants framework, you can track dozens of projects and hundreds of tasks with ease. You get best in class tracking of priorities.
You get peace of mind that everyone is doing things right, and doing the right things. Priority Matrix saves 2.5 weeks per person per year in productivity.
Built on world class web services, we take your security seriously. Encryption at-rest and in-transit. Regular backups and restricted physical access to our servers protect your data.
Share priorities intelligently so you can focus on the bigger vision. We help companies gain more transparency, accountability, traceability, and efficiency.
Priority Matrix is the single most used application because of its power and flexibility to both organize and track large volumes of activities and tasks. It has powerful functionality in a simple package that actually reduces the effort required, and unlike other applications, doesn’t require tedious interaction that takes away from actual execution. I love the fact that all tasks put into using PM can easily be communicated and shared with colleagues and clients through a variety of flexible methods. It’s effective all the way through.
Terry Gold, Founder
IDanalyst
We use Priority Matrix on a daily basis. As a small and quickly growing company, our team members are wearing many hats and often pulled in several different directions. Shared projects bring transparency to everyone’s weekly priorities and have eliminated the “last in, first priority” issue with emails. Personal projects help us break down day-to-day tasks, so we’re always focusing on only the most important goals for the day.
Adam Peterson, CEO
Vipecloud
A very useful tool for team meetings when we discuss progress on tasks – the ability for anyone in the team to update and sync with all others in real time, is great. I use it to generate quarterly performance reports to the senior exec and the evidence of tasks completed is also used in performance management discussions with individual members of the team. It’s a more elegant and efficient way to manage work flows.
Steven Newman, Planning Manager
Edith Cowan University
Conquer your most important day-to-day commitments while keeping your high-level goals in mind with a thousand ways to use Priority Matrix
|
|
|
|
FIRES
these are issues you have to DO NOW!
|
PRIORITIZE
put the things that you should be working on here
|
|
REDUCE
let these take the backburner, or delegate them out
|
REPOSITORY
put every other tasks or ideas here first
WORK OFFLINE
Whether you’re in your office or in the field, local storage and caches lets you work anytime, anywhere.
FLEXIBLE STORAGE
Store your information on your own hard drive for local access or in the cloud for full access using any device.
LIGHTNING FAST
As a true native app, Priority Matrix is more responsive and higher performing than any web app.
NATIVE ADVANTAGE
Use the app’s native capabilities and take advantage of the right-click context menu and the in-depth menu bar.
DEEP INTEGRATION
Integrate better with system features and functionality like calendar, notifications, camera, and much more.
TRUSTED SECURITY
Cloud data is encrypted in transit and at rest at secure U.S. based locations.