Choose and Complete one of the offers that appear below on your screen to finish human verification
12MP+12MP Back and 8MP Front wide-angle and telephoto cameras Wide-angle: ƒ/1.8 aperture Telephoto: ƒ/2.4 aperture Dual optical image stabilization Optical zoom; digital zoom up to 10x Wide color capture for photos and Live Photos Quad-LED True Tone flash with Slow Sync and 4K Ultra HD recording.
Lasts up to 4 hours longer Built-in rechargeable lithium‑ion battery Wireless charging (works with Qi chargers3) .
5.8-inch (diagonal) all-screen OLED Multi‑Touch display2. HDR display 1125 x 2346-pixel resolution at 458 ppi. 1,000,000:1 contrast ratio typical True Tone display Wide color display P3 3D Touch 625 cd/m2 max brightness (typical)
iPhone XI is supercharged by the most powerful chip ever in a smartphone. It's not just faster than any previous iPhone — it's also more efficient.
Due to large amount of duplicate entries and abuse of our Beta Tester program, you are required to complete Human Verification by clicking a button below.
Note: Your application will not be submited untill you complete human verification!
You must be at least 18 years of age to use this Website. By using this Website and by agreeing to this Agreement you warrant and represent that you are at least 18 years of age.
We are not responsible for Content residing on the Website. In no event shall we be held liable for any loss of any Content. It is your sole responsibility to maintain appropriate backup of your Content. Notwithstanding the foregoing, on some occasions and in certain circumstances, with absolutely no obligation, we may be able to restore some or all of your data that has been deleted as of a certain date and time when we may have backed up data for our own purposes. We make no guarantee that the data you need will be available.
Although this Website may be linked to other websites, we are not, directly or indirectly, implying any approval, association, sponsorship, endorsement, or affiliation with any linked website, unless specifically stated herein. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant the offerings of, any businesses or individuals or the content of their websites. We do not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, products, services and content of any other third parties. You should carefully review the legal statements and other conditions of use of any website which you access through a link from this Website. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other websites is at your own risk.
During use of the Website, you may enter into correspondence with or participate in promotions of advertisers or sponsors showing their goods or services through the Website. Any such activity, and any terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such activity, is solely between you and the applicable third-party. We shall have no liability, obligation or responsibility for any such correspondence, purchase or promotion between you and any such third-party.
We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us when you fill any online forms on the Website. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of some of the Website's features.
When you visit the Website our servers automatically record information that your browser sends. This data may include information such as your computer's IP address, browser type and version, operating system type and version, language preferences or the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Website, pages of our Website that you visit, the time spent on those pages, information you search for on our Website, access times and dates, and other statistics.
The Website uses "cookies" to help personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. We may use cookies to collect, store, and track information for statistical purposes to operate our Website and Services. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the features of the Website and Services.
We may display online advertisements and we may share aggregated and non-identifying information about our customers that we collect through the registration process or through online surveys and promotions with certain advertisers. We do not share personally identifiable information about individual customers with advertisers. In some instances, we may use this aggregated and non-identifying information to deliver tailored advertisements to the intended audience.
Your entry has been automatically accepted. A manual check will verify whether all the steps were completed before submitting your entry. If you haven't shared the giveaway yet then please do it or else your entry will be discarded. The giveaway winners will be announced 20 days after release of iPhone 12. We hope that you do win.
Please copmlete 1 of the offers to unlock the content.