I keep meaning to get on a computer with an actual keyboard to type this out, but as it has been ten days and that still hasn’t happened, I’m resigning myself to typing this on my phone. :) Please excuse my typos.
I was diagnosed with gestational diabetes at 29 weeks this pregnancy. I wasn’t too worried about the diet or any of that, but was concerned with needing to be induced due to GD related issues.
After a few weeks of monitoring my blood sugar, and consistently (slightly) high fasting blood sugars, Dr Ablard put me on a low dose of glyburide right before bed. After almost a week on the meds and feeling awful almost constantly she let me quit taking it, and we continued to watch my sugars and weekly ultrasounds to check fluid and size and movement.
I had my last u/s at 37 weeks, and got to stop checking my sugars at 38 weeks. Everything was looking great with baby Henry!
I had my last OB appointment on September 9th, the day before Henry was due. Dr Ablard said she was comfortable inducing me or waiting one more week, so I opted for letting him come on his own time.
When I had around a month left until the due date Hannah and I made a paper chain and cut off one link every day until our due date to help her understand how much time was left. She had been telling me that Henry wasn’t going to come until we cut that last chain. I wasn’t surprised to wake up the morning of our due date with contractions. I asked Jason to cut the last link with Hannah before he left for work as I got in the shower. He forgot, lol. After my shower I got dressed and packed some things for the hospital, went downstairs and cut the last link with Hannah. I helped her get dressed in her favorite purple dress that she had been saving for the day she would get to meet Henry.
By the time we were all dressed and ready to go to Bible study, I was fairly certain this would be Henry’s big day…but I wasn’t sure how much longer it would be. I decided to stay home from Bible study and got to work on dishes and laundry while the girls ate ice cream for breakfast and watched several episodes of the Magic Schoolbus. :) Mom texted me that morning asking how I was, and I told her I might be giving her a call later that day.
I think I called Jason around 10:15, I told him it wasn’t anything urgent, but that I thought we might have a baby that day. :) He, of course, rushed home….taking the Geoprobe van, because the car decided not to start, lol! We got stuff together and took the girls over to mom’s house around 11. I insisted I didn’t want to go to the hospital until I really felt like it was necessary. We went home and packed up a few last items. By noon contractions were 2-3 minutes apart and I was ready.
We checked into our L&D room at 12:27. The nurse hooked me up to monitors and checked me. I was really disappointed to only be at 5cm and was convinced we had gone to the hospital far too soon. Dr Ablard came in to see me and said that she was going to go help with a c/s and then would be back. Then the nurse let me get up and move around. I went to the bathroom and contractions were right on top of eachother and my body was already starting to push. Jason thought I was going to have that baby in the bathroom, and was a bit frantic wondering if he should get the nurse back in there. After she came back, she checked me and said I HAD to get back to the bed and went to find a doctor. Jason helped me back to bed, where I could NOT lay down. I labored on hands & knees like I had with Quinn.
At some point they got Dr Ablard back in there, I’m not sure when. While I was pushing my water broke with a BIG splash, lol…and after a few more pushes Henry Jackson Jaeger was born at 1:26pm, just 59 minutes after we got there. :) He was just the sweetest little baby, his face was so perfect, and he was all cheesy and precious! I just wanted to snuggle him forever!
Feeling completely blessed this morning as I sit here holding my new baby listening to the Caedmon’s Call Pandora station. My heart overflows with feelings of having everything I could ever ask for.
My mom is so cute. This isn’t the first time she tried to sneak something into my China cabinet, lol.
We got to see baby Jaeger #3 this week. He’s a boy! This is so crazy for us. And exciting. It will be a new world for sure!
“Quinn Ava”
Stamps Used: Swirly Girly