The world’s smartest online booking system
Online booking for meaningful customer engagement
No credit card required.
Online booking system
Provide secure online booking for your customers 24/7 via your website, Facebook page, dedicated booking microsite or marketing materials. Our online booking widgets can embed directly onto your website in seconds, providing your customers and clients with a seamless experience.
Discover Appointedd's award-winning appointment scheduling and online booking system
Online booking system features
Calendar sync
Seamlessly integrate your Appointedd calendar with your Google, iCal, Outlook 365, or Microsoft Exchange calendar.
Automated email
Deliver superior customer service with automated email communications that reduce admin and no-show appointments.
Team scheduling
With two-way calendar sync and real-time booking, your sales teams and their managers can easily keep on top of their schedules.
Automated text messages
Keep in touch with your customers by sending automated text messages with booking confirmations or reminders.
CRM system
Our CRM system helps manage your customers details and communications so you optimize for repeat business.
Payments
Instantly take online payments or deposits, and receive immediate payment confirmation.
Multi-timezone scheduling
The world’s first cross-timezone scheduling tools. Be bookable wherever you or your team are with no timezone math. With Appointedd's first-of-its-kind functionality, every resource in your team can operate in a different timezone every day of the week, independent of the business and the rest of the team.
Business reports
See KPIs and get essential information at a glance with exportable, filterable reports on resources, revenue, productivity, and more.
Mobile app
Easily manage appointments, staff, and customers on the move using our mobile app for iOS or Android.
Multiple languages
Our bookings tools can be used in 13 different languages, so you can speak to your customers in their language.
Book a 15 minute consultation