To create your own app, follow these simple steps:
Enter the name and purpose of your app to create the perfect app.
Drag and drop the features that would make your app the best.
Push it live on app stores so users can install your app from there.
Let your users buy from within your app via In-App Purchases
Incorporate Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn & YouTube into your app
Let the app users express withinterest a request for quote from you
Direct your customers with step by step directions by integrating GPS
Offer membership, loyalty card & discount coupons to loyal customers
Let the users know of any deals, new, or events through Push Messages
Create a directory of restaurants, & leverage order & delivery features
Collect payments safely via credit card, PayPal, Stripe, & COD
Lure in the customers through Push Messages when they are near you
Use photos on Picasa, Flickr, FB & Instagram to flaunt your restaurant
Get reservations, as customers book their tables through your app
Give your delivery personnel an app of their own to manage deliveries
Why pay commission for selling or renting out your properties?
Make your Property Listings come alive with images or videos
Let users express their interest through the ‘Send Enquiry’ feature
Let users add property listings and receive commissions from them
Integrate Google Calendar & exhibit special events & open-houses
The app incorporates IDX & makes it possible to conduct mobile search
Get your audience online and reach out to a wider audience
Supports SHOUTcast or Icecast playlist file
Displays the name of the artist & song
Radio works as a background service
Gives full SoundCloud support
Gallery integration with Flickr, Instagram etc
Read The Holy Book wherever you go, whenever you want!
Let your parish members make their contributions from anywhere.
Deliver sermons & watch them whenever you want via YouTube & Vimeo
A single tap can help you connect with the whole parish & pass on news
Let the parish listen to complete sermons via SoundCloud
Through Internet Radio expand your audiences & spread the word
Having a mobile app is the need of the hour for every business that hopes to achieve any measure of success. However, creating a mobile app today is not as complicated as you think especially with Appy Pie’s easy to use, affordable app maker. With this unique app builder, you can make an app without writing even a single line of code. It’s really simple to turn your app idea into reality, go ahead and make an app now!
Use Appy Pie’s app maker to create professional and powerful, native mobile apps. Anyone, irrespective of their coding skills can customize the app layouts, add stunning features like chatbot, artificial intelligence, augmented reality, virtual reality, internet of things, hyperlocal, and make your own Android, iOS, HTML5 or PWA app. This means that anyone can build an app and make money with just a few simple steps.
The Appy Pie platform gives you access to a wide range of features that can be added easily to your app. We have a series of tutorial videos that can help you learn the basic skills needed to build your own app and get started with it. The tutorials will give you a run down of the way you can design your app without any coding. Additionally, we have an exhaustive Frequently Asked Questions section that acts as a resourceful learning platform which acts as a beginner level course with training material, detailed documentation, white papers and multiple other forms of information and resources. Additionally, we also have a forum to answer any question you may have so that you can enhance your app development knowledge.
What does an app developer do when they have a brilliant app idea? Work hard to bring the app idea to reality as soon as possible. Though Appy Pie is designed in a way that people with no programming knowledge can build their apps, but many experienced developers have opted for the platform because of the great ease of use it offers in creating powerful apps quickly reducing the time to market. There is no need to go and enroll yourself for some coding course or any special classes to use the Appy Pie platform. Without having to write even a single line of code or learning to program, you can build an app for your small business and design an app using Appy Pie’s app builder. So, what are you waiting for? Get started and make a mobile app now!
Appy Pie, The #1 free App Creator
Video marketing is becoming widespread and more affordable as it is advancing in technology and is easy to spread across the globe. Marketing videos require creativity and knowledge of human psychology. YouTube is hugely becoming popular leading to a lot of competition. YouTube is one of the biggest alternative, most popular websites in the world, which is what makes it an incredibly powerful a [...]Read More
No matter what your opinion on Facebook is, one can’t deny that it is one of the best and the most affordable way to advertise your brand. Facebook has come a long way from its social media roots and settles in the Internet ecosystem as the dominant website to connect brands and people. Facebook advertising is not exactly easy since Facebook’s advertising model contrasts YouTube by a long shot [...]Read More
When so many hiring professionals and recruiters are using LinkedIn to locate potential candidates, everyone wants to make their LinkedIn profile look fully optimized. You must be deliberating on upgrading to the premium version of LinkedIn. In our blog we will talk about the features LinkedIn Premium offers and how they are useful for different users. Depending on what you are looking at Linke [...]Read More