SPIRAL-BOUND BOOK, UPDATED EACH SPRING
2019 AP Stylebook
The 2019 edition of The Associated Press Stylebook and Briefing on Media Law includes more than 200 new or revised entries, with chapters covering data journalism, business, fashion, food, religion and sports terms, as well as media law, news values, punctuation, social media, polls and surveys and a new chapter on health and science. ISBN: 978-0-917360-68-8.Learn more
STYLE GUIDANCE ON YOUR COMPUTER, TABLET AND PHONE
AP Stylebook Online
This searchable, customizable, regularly updated version of AP Stylebook offers bonus features including Ask the Editor, Topical Guides and Pronunciation Guide. Add Webster's New World College Dictionary for a more comprehensive resource.Learn more
AP StyleGuard and Lingofy
AP Style-Checking Tools
Proof the content you create in Microsoft Word, Outlook and today's web browsers, helping find errors in spelling, usage and AP style. Use our shopping assistant to find the tools that work best for your needs.Learn more
Test your knowledge with our study guide
AP Style Quizzes
Brush up on AP style with this set of more than 90 online quizzes covering a variety of topics from the AP Stylebook. Each quiz consists of five multiple-choice questions.Learn more
Looking for more? See all the AP Stylebook products and choose the right one for you
Log in to your Stylebook account
Don't Have an Account Yet?
Register to view your products, order status, shipment trackings and manage your account settings.
Sign Up for our Newsletter
Keep up to date on style news. Sign up for our stylish monthly e-newsletter by submitting your email address below.
More Resources
Add the publications cited in the AP Stylebook bibliography to your library.
Style Mini Pop Quiz
The (one-time; one time; onetime) luxury vessel is larger than the Titanic and still holds the record for the fastest trans-Atlantic passenger ship crossing.
AP Style Quizzes
Test your knowledge of AP style with this series of more than 90 automatically scored quizzes.Learn More
Subscribe to the Stylebook Calendar
Subscribe to receive AP Stylebook events in the digital calendar of your choice, so you can keep up with Stylebook Twitter chats, convention appearances and more.
Twitter chats
Join the Stylebook team and experts from around the AP in our monthly Twitter chats. Use hashtag #APStyleChat to ask questions and follow the conversation.
Apostrophes with Paula Froke, AP Stylebook editor.
October 22, 2:30 p.m. EDT