Responsible Investing: The ESG-Efficient Frontier
October 10, 2019
Combining several large data sets, we compute the empirical ESG-efficient frontier and show the costs and benefits of responsible investing.Read more
October 10, 2019
Combining several large data sets, we compute the empirical ESG-efficient frontier and show the costs and benefits of responsible investing.Read more
September 18, 2019
Today’s lower return targets for pension plans are actually harder to reach. Here’s why.Read more
October 1, 2019
How do we learn from situations where other forces are at play? Former professional poker player Annie Duke looks at decisions when outcomes are beyond our control, and AQR’s Toby Moskowitz delves into who is on the other side in factor investing.Read more
Our Approach
We rely on sound economic theory and analysis to help us deliver long-term, repeatable results.
A disciplined methodology underlies everything we do. Our models, built over 20 years, are based on a continuous process of design, refine, test, repeat.
In portfolio construction, risk management and trading, we seek additional value for our clients. Using both qualitative and quantitative tools, we’re meticulous in every detail of the investment process.
Cliff's Perspectives
August 13, 2019
When something as important as the U.S. bond yield hits historical extremes, it’s worth at least a discussion. Cliff examines the long-term relationships between real bond yields, real T-bill yields, the slope of the yield curve, and economic conditions.Read more
Our History
AQR Capital Management, LLC, (“AQR”) provides links to third-party websites only as a convenience, and the inclusion of such links does not imply any endorsement, approval, investigation, verification or monitoring by us of any content or information contained within or accessible from the linked sites. If you choose to visit the linked sites, you do so at your own risk, and you will be subject to such sites' terms of use and privacy policies, over which AQR.com has no control. In no event will AQR be responsible for any information or content within the linked sites or your use of the linked sites.
You are about to leave AQR.com and are being re-directed to the {siteName}. Please note that {siteName} site may be subject to rules and regulations that may differ significantly from those to which the AQR website is subject and may not be appropriate for use by residents in all jurisdictions. Your access to and use of the {siteName} site will be subject to the applicable Terms of Use posted on the site.