Support Charity and win
€1,000,000
every week!
Last Winning Numbers:
6
18
22
36
43
45
Next Draw:
Tuesday October 29th
7
days
0
hours
45
mins
Discover Our Charities
Giving has never been more rewarding
Friends of Jordan
A non-profit organization registered in Jordan, with the Mission of supporting welfare programs and providing better education and social conditions for the less privileged families in Jordan.
Project: Building a Library – Helping to cover the costs of building a multimedia library in Ghor Fefa.
Project: Paying University Fees – Assisting students with university fees for attendance in Jordanian Universities.
Project: Building a Playground – Helping cover the costs of building a playground in Ghor Al Nagea.
Helm
A non-profit organization registered in Egypt, with the Mission of empowering persons with disabilities by breaking down barriers through innovation, partnerships and technology.
Project: Removing Barriers: Ramp Project – The objective of the project is to design, produce, and distribute customized wooden ramps for certain public service venues and homes in order to remove physical barriers that hinder Persons with Disabilities (PWD) from accessing public venues and private homes, therefore enabling them to perform daily activities and ensuring their participation in all aspects of life as active members in society.
The project helps PWDs living in the buildings or visiting the buildings, but also helps the elderly, mothers with strollers, persons with temporary physical injuries, and many others.
Project: Sports for All – Supporting athletes with disabilities in different competitive and recreational sports.
Project: Art Workshop – Supporting persons with disabilities to communicate through creativity.
Palestine Children’s Relief Fund
A non-profit organization registered in the United States and Palestine, with the Mission of providing medical and humanitarian relief collectively and individually to Arab children throughout the Levant.
Project: Medical Care for Palestinian and Syrian Refugee Children living in Jordanian and Lebanese camps – The PCRF will send teams of pediatricians into the refugee camps in Lebanon and Jordan to provide evaluations, screenings and treatment for Palestinian and Syrian refugee children. Part of this will also be a referral process in which the children who need more specialized care will be sponsored by the PCRF through a different program to get the care they need.
Palestine Medical Relief Society
A non-profit organization registered in Palestine, with the Mission of improving the health, well-being and resilience of all Palestinians, by providing quality primary health care services and advocating for accessible quality health care for all.
Project: Expanding the SANAD Program – empowering women to actively engage in health-related community development to improve health in poor communities. The objectives of the expansion of the program is to increase social, economic and cultural participation of Palestinian women in the development of their communities, and to increase awareness among Palestinians about gender-based violence and the positive impacts on the community of greater gender equity.
Association Maram Solidarite
A non-profit organization registered in Tunisia, with the Mission of fighting against childhood cancer.
Project: Renovating the Pediatric Oncology Unit – Renovating the unit in the Tunis Children’s Hospital which will include: 1) 12 treatment rooms; 2) 3 doctors’ offices; 3) 2 treatment rooms; and 4) a game room.
Project: Unit for Parents of Cancer Patients – Assisting in the construction of a unit for the parents of the children being treated for cancer in Tunis, far from their homes. The unit will have: 1) 10 rooms equipped with bathrooms; 2) a kitchen; 3) a relaxation area; 4) a playground and recreation area for children; 5) a garden; 6) a mini school; 7 two rooms for staff; 8) two offices for the administration.
Oum El Nour
A non-profit organization registered in Lebanon and Liberia, with the Mission of serving individuals through helping them overcome their addiction, in order to attain a healthy society characterized by sustainable growth. In addition to rehabilitation, Oum El Nour is highly active in the prevention and integration folds.
Project: Women’s Treatment Program – The Center, located in Fatqa, is the only Rehabilitation Center in Lebanon dedicated to women. Based on the Therapeutic Community Model, the total duration of the program is 15 months, divided into 5 stages: Resident from 0 to 3rd month; Companion from 3rd to 6th month; Head of Unit from6th to 9th month; Supervisor from 9th to 12th month; and reintegration from 12th to 15th month.
The program aims to gather people around activities, group discussions and a shared daily life. The group activities help with managing emotions and learning responsibility. The residents also benefit from different vocational training that help them professionally. Some former residents of the Center have gone to open their own businesses after the completion of their rehabilitation.
GGateway for Outsourcing Information Technology
A non-profit organization registered in Palestine, with the Mission of reducing the high unemployment rate among IT graduates in Gaza by using donors’ funds and business revenue to establish a learning workplace to integrate graduates to the workplace.
Project: Business development – In order to increase business revenue so as to train and employ more IT graduates, business development and marketing efforts will be expanded.
American Federation of Ramallah – Human Services Network
A non-profit organization registered in the United States, with the Mission of promoting the quality of life and health initiatives in rural and urban communities in the U.S and Palestine and providing for social, educational and recreational programs.
Project: Telemedicine Program – Installing computers, equipment, and software in clinics in remote areas in Palestine that allow doctors inside Palestine and internationally to speak to the patients in these remote areas.
Sesobel
A non-profit organization registered in Lebanon, with the Mission of taking all possible steps to implement a coherent and monitored service of assisting children with disabilities and to accompany their families as partners in facing life’s challenges.
Project: Purchase of Medical and Specialized Rehabilitative Equipment – The equipment will help to eliminate or decrease deficiencies caused by a child’s disability in order to prevent complications and deterioration of the child’s capabilities by: 1) physiotherapy, including motor and respiratory physical therapy; 2) occupational therapy, including developing self-sufficiency; 3) speech and language therapy, as well as intervention for feeding and swallowing problems; 4) psychomotor therapy, addressing mental, motor and behavioral issues; 5) psychological care; and 6) technical assistance.
Project: Purchase of Equipment Used to Teach Children with Disability – The equipment will help: 1) develop children autonomy via gaming; 2) encourage verbal and non-verbal communication; 3) improve motricity; 4) develop tactile sense through auditory visual stimulation; 4) strengthen language; 5) watch over the well-being of the child in class; 5) improve the learning environment; 6) strengthen and enrich the design and animation of educational activities; 7) better respond to the interest and needs of children; 8) promote learning through play; 9) involve the child in learning; 10) make the space more suitable and welcoming.
Jusoor
A non-profit organization registered in the United States, Canada, and the UK, with the Mission of supporting the country’s development and helping Syrian youth realize their potential through programs in the fields of education, career development, and global community engagement.
Project: University Scholarship Program – More than half of Syria’s university students have had to terminate their studies as a result of the ongoing crisis in Syria. Having worked nearly their entire lives to make it to university, these promising young men and women suddenly find themselves stopped in their tracks, and unable to pursue successful careers. This also represents a profound risk to the future stability of Syria and the region: a lost generation increases and extends the turmoil Syria and the Arab world are facing. Additionally, this represents a serious security risk within the community of nations, with undirected and frustrated youth.
The program targets Syrian students currently living in Lebanon and is not restricted to ones living in any area. The program awards scholarships to Syrian students currently living in Lebanon, who would not be able to go to university otherwise. The scholarships only cover tuition and are open to all fields of academic study at the undergraduate level. They are offered at 4 universities in Lebanon. The students apply to get funding after having secured admission to one of them. After graduation, they are expected to help Syria and the Syrian community.
Tobacco Free Jordan
A non-profit organization registered in Jordan, with the Mission of eliminating tobacco consumption through health education and advocacy for tobacco control legislation and stricter enforcement in Jordan and the Arab world.
Project: Raising Awareness – Raising awareness about the harms of tobacco in society in general, and among school children, in particular.
Himaya
A non-profit organization registered in Lebanon, with the Mission of promoting an environment suitable for the development of children and ensuring their global protection by fighting and preventing abuse.
Project: Safe Parks Intervention Program – Training local community members in all Lebanese Governorates (South, Beirut, Mount Lebanon, Bekaa and the North) to conduct awareness activities within their communities and to be able to identify and refer cases of abuse to Himaya.
Project: Resilience Intervention Program – Assisting in social and legal intervention for children victims of severe abuse in the North Governorate. 2 social workers are available 24/7 to respond to emergency cases of abuse in the North and to intervene to assess and coordinate with law enforcement agencies and judges to ensure quick protection for children.
The Jordanian Osteoporosis Prevention Society
A non-profit organization registered in Jordan, with the Mission of spreading awareness among the population and physicians as to the nature of osteoporosis; working towards preventing the disease before fractures occur; facilitating the execution of scientific research related to osteoporosis; and helping osteoporosis patients via special programs sponsored by the society.
Project: Purchasing a medically equipped car – The car will be equipped with a bone density screening machine allowing for use in communities all over Jordan.
Project: Training Guides – Establishing training guide for students in public and private schools to convey the message of the association in spreading awareness about osteoporosis to their families and society.
Association des Malades du Cancer (AMC)
A non-profit organization registered in Tunisia, with the Mission of taking care of cancer patients in Tunisia, through financial, social, psychological and legal assistance.
Project: Purchasing of Digital Mammogram – Such an acquisition would help meet the important demands of disadvantaged women by offering them accurate screening for breast cancer, helping reduce treatment costs and, most importantly, increase survivorship of cancer patients.
Project: Renovating the Green House – The Green House welcomes cancer patients coming for treatment in Tunis, and who do not have the means nor the strength to move between the capital and their regions. Patients receive total care including food, transportation, drugs and radiological investigations. The Green House needs to be enlarged and renovated to offer patients more comfort and more space for activities such as: psychological care; art therapy workshops; nutrition workshops; physical exercise sessions; and entertainment events.
Atfaluna Society for Deaf Children
A non-profit organization registered in Palestine, with the Mission of empowering persons with hearing disability in the Gaza Strip within a disability-inclusive development framework to ensure quality of life.
Project: Kindergarten and School – The subjects taught include hearing loss rehabilitation and regular school subjects. Social support, counselling sessions, hearing devices, transportation, and hot meals are also provided to the children, many of whom do not eat meat at home. Many staff members are deaf themselves and trained in a different program.
Alashanek Ya Baladi
A non-profit organization registered in Egypt, with the Mission of creating an economically independent society.
Project: Youth Innovation Fund-Egypt (YIFE) – The program contributes to a sustainable economic development of the Egyptian society and reduction of youth unemployment by providing the opportunity to young people to start-up ecologically sustainable businesses. YIFE offers trainings, business start-up support, and strives to build a support network for young people, providing an opportunity for young people to start income-generating and environmentally sustainable businesses or to launch initiatives for fighting environmental challenges in their communities.
Alhassan Foundation for Differently Abled Inclusion
A non-profit organization registered in Egypt, with the Mission of leading the differently abled persons to the ultimate level of physical and financial independence, allowing for inclusion and integration in society.
Project: Kids on Wheels – This program aims to improve the psychological & physical well-being of the younger generation on wheelchairs (ages 4 to 18 years). The kids are involved in sports, arts and other activities. The program includes advocating for the kids to make their homes and schools fully accessible through cooperating with different stakeholders. Additionally, the program includes purchasing adjustable customized wheelchairs for the kids that suit their physical condition, age, height and weight. The kids are also included in Occupational Therapy efforts to help them be physically independent. Finally, the program includes regular social gatherings and facilitates networking platforms so the kids’ parents can exchange experience, knowledge & support.
Al Nahda Women Association
A non-profit organization registered in Palestine, with the Mission of caring for and rehabilitating children and adults with disabilities in order to allow them to participate in, and fully integrate into, society.
Project: Renaissance Center Treatment of Hearing, Speech and Occupational therapy – The Program aims to provide comprehensive rehabilitation services for children and adults with hearing disorders through hearing tests, hearing aids, occupational disabilities, physiotherapy, and special education programs. All of the interventions and services are done in the same place, which encourages parents to refer their children to the center. Additionally, parents themselves will receive psychosocial support services while their children are in the rehabilitation processes.
Project: Al Nahda Center for Educational and Vocational Rehabilitation (day school) – The project aims to carry out different activities and interventions including:
Enhancing educational, functional and social capacities of children and adults with disabilities according to their needs;
Supporting opportunities of children with disabilities to participate in social, cultural, sport, and integration summer camp, activities that are appropriate to their abilities and needs
Promoting rights of children with disabilities in the local community through awareness sessions for staff, parents, relatives, trainers from universities, and children in schools
Empowering the Advocacy Committee to advocate with the Palestinian ministries for the rights of persons with intellectual disabilities in the Ramallah and Al-Bireh Governate, in accordance with the Palestinian National Law no.4/1999 for persons with disabilities, and the International Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities
Touche pas a mon enfant
A non-profit organization registered in Morocco, with the Mission of fighting for the children of Morocco so that they can freely enjoy their fundamental rights and be safe from all forms of abuse.
Project: Victim Center - The center is a place where a child who is a victim of sexual abuse can go and get assistance, including, psychological support, arranging medical care, legal support, and accommodation for victims accompanied by their families. Each victim will have personalized follow-up by a social worker. Preventive measures will be implemented after a victim returns home to prevent failing behind in school and other issues.
King Hussein Cancer Center
A non-profit organization registered in Jordan and the United States, with the Mission of providing comprehensive cancer control though quality care, prevention, early detection, insurance, and research.
Project: Jordan Breast Cancer Program (JBCP) - Implementing a free home visit breast cancer early screening project, including 2 mobile mammography units to target remote and underserved areas.
Sante Sidi al Houari
A non-profit organization registered in Algeria, with the Mission of contributing to the safeguarding and rehabilitation of the historical heritage of the city of Oran, and participating in the revival of old buildings, while training and integrating troubled young people, aged 16 to 25 years old, who are excluded from the school system.
Project: Building a Cultural Center - the cultural center will radiate in the heart of the neighborhood and revive popular practices related to traditional arts. The project will consist of workshops for children and the young, an audiovisual training and production center, a vocational training school, and the holding of artistic and socio-cultural events. The project will include training trainers, animators and artists, and purchasing equipment for the theater. The type of arts involved will include theater, music, poetry graphic art, folk dance, and martial arts. The events will include artistic shows, multidisciplinary festivals, theater, shows, educational demonstrations, interactive theater, musical concerts, film debates, and web radio.
Project: Education about the surrounding environment and organizing activities for the youth to clean the environment.