Featured Stories
Trump's Cabinet meeting devolves into 71 minutes of gripes and grievances
WASHINGTON -- President Donald Trump, trying to dig out from political holes of his own making on top of the expanding House impeachment inquiry, held forth for 71 minutes Monday during what was ostensibly a Cabinet ...Read more
They were watching football when the sky fell without warning, Dallas tornado survivors say
DALLAS -- Angela Boston crawled to a closet with her daughters when wind and rain started to bear down on their home late Sunday night.
"There was no time for a warning," she said Monday morning while surveying the damage...Read more
'Watchmen's' provocative portrait of race in America has its own creator worried
More than three decades since it first exploded onto the comic book scene, the mere mention of "Watchmen" still sparks excitement from diehard fans -- and plenty of others enthralled by its revolutionary approach to ...Read more
Mike Birbiglia's one-man Broadway show 'The New One' to debut on Netflix next month
Mike Birbiglia's latest one-man show will launch globally on Netflix on Nov. 26 -- news that arrives just before a monthlong run of "Mike Birbiglia: The New One" kicks off at Los Angeles' Ahmanson Theatre on Wednesday.
"...Read more
Florida Senate opens session to decide fate of Broward sheriff
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. -- Emotions were high and security tight Monday as the Florida Senate convened a three-day special session to decide whether or not to uphold Gov. Ron DeSantis' suspension of Broward County Sheriff Scott ...Read more
28-year-old man taking photos atop waterfall slips to his death in North Carolina
CHARLOTTE, N.C. -- A hiker died after falling off the infamously dangerous Big Bradley Waterfall in Western North Carolina over the weekend, according to first responders and news outlets.
Aaron Post of Charleston, South ...Read more
Album reviews: Nick Cave, Jon Regen, and Big Thief
Nick Cave & the Bad Seeds
"Ghosteen"
(Ghosteen 1/2)
Nick Cave's 2016 album "The Skeleton Tree" was so somber and stark that it was widely perceived to be a response to the death of his 15-year-old son, Arthur, the ...Read more
Just before trial, report details ExxonMobil's disinformation
Two days before ExxonMobil goes to court Wednesday, facing New York state accusations the oil company misled investors about climate change, a team of researchers released a report Monday outlining the company and the ...Read more
A group of Latina women are building a shelter for Muslim migrants in Tijuana
TIJUANA, Mexico -- Fridays are for prayer in Tijuana.
Every week, Muslim migrants from Africa and the Middle East gather in the Playas de Tijuana neighborhood to worship in the city's only mosque.
Asylum seekers from ...Read more
'Maleficent: Mistress of Evil' tops box office but falls short of expectations
LOS ANGELES -- The box office was dominated by villains and sequels as Disney and Buena Vista's "Maleficent: Mistress of Evil" toppled "Joker" from the top spot after two weekends of dominance.
The $185 million film, ...Read more
Trump 'surprised' at pushback to hosting G-7 at his Doral resort, chief of staff says
MIAMI -- President Donald Trump changed his mind about hosting a summit of world leaders at his own resort in Doral after being "surprised at the level of push-back" to last week's announcement, his acting chief of staff, ...Read more
Who might run for the rare opportunity that is U.S. Rep. Elijah Cumming's seat?
BALTIMORE -- Landing a congressional seat is a dream for many politicians -- a position that rarely opens up, can be held for decades, and marks the pinnacle of a career.
So, the sudden death Thursday of Democrat U.S. Rep...Read more
CBD may be natural, but is it safe?
DENVER -- At a recent conference here, Denver and Colorado public health officials recounted their scariest hemp CBD manufacturing stories to a packed hotel ballroom.
There was the woman who was making hemp oil in her ...Read more
Giuliani associate made millions in Ukraine before his US fortunes turned
WASHINGTON -- Long before Igor Fruman was arrested in a widening political scandal that threatens the American presidency, the Soviet-born emigre and sometime Florida man came to riches through political connections in ...Read more
Democrats seeking votes in Trump country tout miners' benefits
WASHINGTON -- Senate Republicans say they're close to unveiling a plan to address a $66 billion funding shortfall affecting coal miners' and other union pension plans, an issue Democrats see as advantageous politically and...Read more
Mosque bombing kills 62 in eastern Afghanistan
KABUL -- The death toll in an explosion at a mosque in the eastern Afghan province of Nangarhar has risen to at least 62, with another 36 people wounded, the provincial governor's spokesman Ataullah Khogyani said.
The ...Read more
Karen Pendleton, original Mouseketeer who became advocate for disabled people, dies at 73
It was the height of the baby boomer era when Karen Pendleton and the rest of the Mouseketeers came bounding into living rooms across America, a troupe of bubbly, overly exuberant teens and pre-teens who danced and sang ...Read more
Warren campaign rebuffs Biden's criticism of money transfer
WASHINGTON -- Elizabeth Warren's campaign defended the transfer of more than $10 million from her Senate campaign account to her presidential bid after Joe Biden suggested the move violates the fundraising restrictions she...Read more
Summers sees more than 1-in-3 chance of recession by end of 2020
WASHINGTON -- Former U.S. Treasury Secretary Lawrence Summers said he sees a better than one-in-three chance of a U.S. recession by the end of next year and urged the Federal Reserve to continue to tilt monetary policy ...Read more
Protesters clash with police on fifth day of Catalonia protests
BARCELONA -- Police in Barcelona deployed water trucks late on Friday, in the fifth day of protest in Catalonia against jail sentences imposed by Spain's Constitutional Court on nine separatist leaders.
According to ...Read more
Social Connections
Popular Stories
- Trump's Cabinet meeting devolves into 71 minutes of gripes and grievances
- Trump 'surprised' at pushback to hosting G-7 at his Doral resort, chief of staff says
- Baby born in laundry room as tornado swirled around North Texas Sunday night
- 9-year-old boy — his feet barely touching ground from his chair — hears judge explain murder charges brought against him in central Illinois fire that killed 5
- US Supreme Court overturns ruling in Michigan gerrymandering case: What it means