Free Updates
Yes, that's right. Free updates to our themes once you make a purchase!
Archi is the "Best Selling Interior Design WordPress Theme". Perfectly suited your for interior design services. Archi made for experience, not just beauty but also high performance! Archi has bunch of features to make your website stand out.Buy Archi Now
Easy to create any layouts with our exclusive "OT Shortcodes". Create unlimited page layouts just by clicks.
Archi equipped with advanced theme options. Change almost all website settings just by clicks.
Archi is integrated most WooCommerce. WooCommerce is a powerful, extendable eCommerce plugin that helps you sell anything. Beautifully.
Archi equipped with 'one click import demo content' feature where you can get website looks and content instantly just by one click. This beautiful feature will do the theme installation job for you (worth $50 on Envato Studio) straight out of the box. Just go to Archi Options > Demo Importer, and off you go!
SchlecksI am giving this Developer a 5 star for everything!!! Firstly the design is great and secondly the support is amazing! They really help you and get back to you quickly. I am so happy I purchased this theme and would recommend it to everyone :-)
SterlingwilliamThe Archi theme and demos were Ideal for a new realtor client I had, and the customers support was Amazing! They even worked a few of my suggests into asap theme updates and my clients and myself luved the amazing final result! THANK YOU Ocean Theme$!
FrimpongedThe design of this template is superb. The layout very clean and easy on the eye. The code is very easy to customise and the support is great. This style of design works very much with our typographic ethos on design. That's why we rate this template top marks
Hedley7dThe design of this theme is stunning and i'm very surprised how easy and flexible he is. Awesome Job ! One of the best theme i ever bought here.
JonathanloaizaThis is a beatifully crafted theme, easy to use and excellent customer support. It has monthly updates so everything works flawlessly. Keep the good work.
ImicadioI love this theme! If you want you could modify CSS in the theme and it's not problem! Modern design results is bone ;) Thanks for theme!
MarionMGI customized quite a lot on the theme and the result is exactly as I wanted. Thanks for an amazing support.
HasansuhaibBoth design and code are nicely done! and I also really like the way it keeps releasing newer updates! :)
We have dedicated support team that ready to help you. All your question will answered up to 24 hours.
We put so many efforts on Archi theme to ensure this theme run great time to time. Update is free forever by purchase of Archi theme.View Update History