Welcome to Archies Online!
A Holistic Boutique of Timeless Expressions
Archies presents an exhaustive collection of exclusive gifts and greeting cards to help you express your deepest feelings for your loved ones. In today’s increasingly hurried times, we get so engrossed in making a living that we almost forget to appreciate the real blessings in our lives - our people. Whether we talk about our moms who brave countless sleepless nights after we are born or that best friend who is always by our side through thick and thin, it would be safe to say that our existence wouldn’t be the same if it weren’t for our loved ones. Now is the time to let them know how you feel, without saying a word, through a range of exciting online gift ideas put together by our team of experts. Every gift listed with us not only qualifies the stringent quality benchmarks that have been synonymous with the Archies brand, but also encapsulates all the emotions you may need to convey your feelings, just the way you want.
Celebrating Human Feelings and Emotions
Archies Online is a one-stop-shop to buy the perfect gifts for the ones you hold close to your heart. Whether you are looking for a birthday gift for an old friend or a Valentine’s Day token for the love of your life, we have got you covered. Our team of experts understand the variance of human emotions and spend countless hours in putting together thoughtful gifts that help you express your feelings to your loved ones. We truly believe that every human relationship is unique, with every person in our life holding an indispensable place that calls for a unique appreciation, and we, at Archies, are here to make that happen. Committed to serving as the go-to destination to buy and send gifts online, we carry a comprehensive range of gifts and greetings covering every aspect of human emotion worth cherishing.
What Do We Have In Store?
Archies Limited offers you an endearing and endless variety of gift items including greeting cards, perfumes, chocolates, stationery essentials, mugs, soft toys and much more, for both him and her. Over the years, we have brought to India some of the world’s most famous gifting brands, such as Garfield, Smiley World, Cow Parade and Hallmark. Explore Archies’ extensive collection of online greetings and gifts and send your love to your loved ones anywhere in the world. Here’s a glimpse of our exclusive gifts collection:
Valentine Gifts
When the need of the hour is to say the golden words, we, at Archies, are here to help. Our extensive collection of online gifts includes an array of assorted options carefully handpicked by our team of experts. Every Valentine’s Day gift we present represents a bouquet of warm feelings that are sure to melt the heart of the recipient.
Birthday Gifts
Birthdays are unarguably one of the most significant days in our lives, with each turn marking another level of maturity. We help you add to the joy by presenting a wide collection of birthday gifts for both him and her. Whether you need a birthday gift for a 6-year old nephew or a 60-year old grandpa, the search ends at Archies Online.
Anniversary Gifts
Finding that perfect anniversary gift that not only speaks your heart but also complements the persona of your partner can be a challenge. But not when you are shopping at Archies Online, as we leave you spoilt for choice. Make your pick from exquisite anniversary gifts that let you open up your heart to your better half.
Greeting Cards
If you are looking for a failsafe solution to show how you feel, a greeting card might be just what the doctor prescribed! Placed among the pioneers of greeting cards in India, Archies lets you choose from a range of greeting cards for all occasions, including birthdays, valentine’s day, anniversaries, and all other occasions.
Sorry Gifts
Sorry might be one of the hardest words to say, but when you are shopping at Archies Online, no expression is beyond reach. We give you numerous unique gift ideas to say you are sorry and let your loved ones know how much they mean to you. Let us help you say the word and revive the bond you share with your loved ones.
Thank You Gifts
A simple thank you is enough to make someone’s day, but when paired with a thank you gift, it becomes a memory for a lifetime. We help you create timeless memories with exclusive thank you gifts that speak every work you would want to say. Explore our collection and rest assured you will have a tough time picking just one!
Get Well Soon Gifts
Even if you do not find the time to cherish your loved ones on a day-to-day basis, make it a point to be there when they need you the most. To wish your loved ones speedy recovery from life’s undesirable events, we give you an extensive selection of get well soon gifts, carrying a heartfelt message for your loved ones.
Congratulations Gifts
The only thing that can enhance the joy of an achievement is a congratulatory greeting from someone you love. So, why not further elevate the high moments of your dear ones by telling them how wonderful they are? We bring to you an array of congratulations gifts for all sorts of personal and professional achievements.
Corporate Gifts
We understand the stakes when it comes to corporate gifts. That is the reason we deploy a team of experienced experts to ensure every corporate gift listed with us offers the best in terms of utility, quality and value. No matter what you choose, when you shop at Archies Online, you know you are putting your money in a premium gift.
Personalized Gifts
When you need something extra special to show your love, you cannot go wrong with a personalized gift. We completely understand the desire and offer an array of personalized gift options, including mugs, cards, pens, posters and more. So say what you want, however you want to, with our range of personalized gifts.
Why Shop at Archies Online?
Archies Online, with its out of the box greeting and gifting ideas has given millions of people means to express their love and joy and created days of celebration like-Valentine's Day, Mother's Day, Father's Day, Friendship Day, Daughter's Day, Women's Day, Independence Day, Raksha Bandhan and many more. Since inception, we have been reaching out to millions of hearts and constantly churning out reasons to smile. At Archies, we celebrate every occasion in a unique and special way! Feelings and emotions have been at the heart of the Archies brand for the past 30+ years, enabling us to present you with 'the most special ways to say you care'. Here are a few other factors that separate us from the clutter:
International Shipping
At Archies, we are committed to help you convey your deepest emotions, no matter the physical distance between you and your loves ones. Aligned with the drive, we offer international delivery option on all gift options, to ensure distances don’t restrict your emotions.
Same Day Delivery
When you need to send gifts to your loved ones, sometimes, time is a rare commodity. Whether you forget to buy an anniversary gift for your partner or your sister’s birthday, we can save the day with our same day delivery service.
Easy Returns & Cancellation
At Archies, our aim is to forge unwavering customer relationships built on trust. Harmonizing with the ideology, we offer easy returns and cancellation. If you change your mind about your pick before the order is shipping, you get a complete refund, no questions asked.
And That’s Not All!
We understand you may have certain questions when looking to buy gifts online for the special ones in your life. That’s the reason why are always ready to address any concerns you may have. Whether you wish to learn more about any of the gift options listed with us, or have a question regarding shipping, returns, order tracking or need any other help, feel free to reach out to our support desk. Simply call +91-11 4949 8888 . Alternatively, you can also fill out our contact form and we will get back with you, shortly.