4.2B
4.2B
Dec 14, 2005
12/05
by
Community Audio
You are invited to view or upload audios to the Community collection. These thousands of recordings were all contributed by Archive users and community members. Please select a Creative Commons License during upload so that others will know what they may (or may not) do with with your audio. Click here to contribute your audio ! Browse by style: Blues , Country , Electronic , Experimental , Hiphop , Indie , Jazz , Rock , Spoken Word .
2.3B
2.3B
Feb 26, 2005
02/05
by
Internet Archive
You are invited to view or upload your videos to the Community collection. These thousands of videos were contributed by Archive users and community members. These videos are available for free download. Please select a Creative Commons License during upload so that others will know what they may (or may not) do with with your video. Click here to upload your video !
Topic: Moving Images
1.8B
1.8B
Jan 18, 2005
01/05
by
Internet Archive
These books are books contributed by the community. Click here to contribute your book ! For more information and how-to please see help.archive.org/hc/en-us/articles/360002360111-Uploading-A-Basic-Guide Uploaders, please note: Archive.org supports metadata about items in just about any language so long as the characters are UTF8 encoded Find books by language: Afar Books Afrikaans Books Akan Books Albanian Books Arabic Books Armenian Books Aymara Books Azerbaijan Books Balochi Books Bambara...
Topic: Texts
The American Libraries collection includes material contributed from across the United States. Institutions range from the Library of Congress to many local public libraries. As a whole, this collection of material brings holdings that cover many facets of American life and scholarship into the public domain. Significant portions of this collection have been generously sponsored by Microsoft , Yahoo! , The Sloan Foundation , and others.
A collection of data and miscellaneous media donated by individuals to the Internet Archive.
LibriVox - founded in 2005 - is a community of volunteers from all over the world who record public domain texts: poetry, short stories, whole books, even dramatic works, in many different languages. All LibriVox recordings are in the public domain in the USA and available as free downloads on the internet. If you are not in the USA, please check your country's copyright law before downloading. Please visit the LibriVox website where you can search for books that interest you. You can search or...
Electric Sheep is a distributed computing project for animating and evolving fractal flames, which are in turn distributed to the networked computers, which display them as a screensaver. Process The process is transparent to the casual user, who can simply install the software as a screensaver. Alternatively, the user may become more involved with the project, manually creating a fractal flame file for upload to the server where it is rendered into a video file of the animated fractal flame....
Topic: electric sheep
486.5M
487M
Jun 16, 2005
06/05
by
Internet Archive Canada
Welcome to the Canadian Libraries page. The Toronto scanning centre was established in 2004 on the campus of the University of Toronto . From its humble beginnings, Internet Archive Canada has worked with more 250 institutions, in providing their unique material(s) with open access and sharing these collections the world over. From the Archives of the Sisters of Service to the University of Alberta, IAC has digitized more than 600,000 unique texts as of September 2019. Many texts/collections...
Topic: Texts
Browse: all artists · this day in history · average review rating · number reviews · date reviewed · number views The Live Music Archive is a community committed to providing the highest quality live concerts in a lossless, downloadable format, along with the convenience of on-demand streaming. In 2002, the Internet Archive teamed up with etree.org to create the Live Music Archive in order to preserve and archive as many live concerts as possible for current and future generations to...
Topic: Live Music
The John P. Robarts Research Library, commonly referred to as Robarts Library, is the main humanities and social sciences library of the University of Toronto Libraries and the largest individual library in the university. Opened in 1973 and named for John Robarts, the 17th Premier of Ontario, the library contains more than 4.5 million bookform items, 4.1 million microform items and 740,000 other items. The library building is one of the most significant examples of brutalist architecture in...
These religion and spirituality videos were contributed by Archive users.
The California Digital Library supports the assembly and creative use of the world's scholarship and knowledge for the University of California libraries and the communities they serve. In addition, the CDL provides tools that support the construction of online information services for research, teaching, and learning, including services that enable the UC libraries to effectively share their materials and provide greater access to digital content.
Welcome to the Netlabels collection at the Internet Archive . This collection hosts complete, freely downloadable/streamable, often Creative Commons -licensed catalogs of 'virtual record labels'. These 'netlabels' are non-profit, community-built entities dedicated to providing high quality, non-commercial, freely distributable MP3/OGG-format music for online download in a multitude of genres. Styles include: melodic electronica ( e.g. Observatory Online , Please Do Something ) minimal house (...
( 1 reviews )
Folksonomy : A system of classification derived from the practice and method of collaboratively creating and managing tags to annotate and categorize content; this practice is also known as collaborative tagging, social classification, social indexing, and social tagging. Coined by Thomas Vander Wal, it is a portmanteau of folk and taxonomy. Folksoundomy : A collection of sounds, music and speech derived from the efforts of volunteers to make information as widely available as possible. Because...
183.2M
183M
Feb 26, 2005
02/05
by
Internet Archive
Feature films, shorts , silent films and trailers are available for viewing and downloading. Enjoy! View a list of all the Feature Films sorted by popularity . Do you want to post a feature film? First, figure out if it's in the Public Domain. Read this FAQ about determining if something is PD. If you're still not sure, post a question to the forum below with as much information about the movie as possible. One of our users might have relevant information.
Topic: Moving Images
View thousands of films from the Prelinger Archives! Prelinger Archives was founded in 1983 by Rick Prelinger in New York City. Over the next twenty years, it grew into a collection of over 60,000 "ephemeral" (advertising, educational, industrial, and amateur) films. In 2002, the film collection was acquired by the Library of Congress, Motion Picture, Broadcasting and Recorded Sound Division . Prelinger Archives remains in existence, holding approximately 11,000 digitized and...
Scanned books from various European Libraries.
United States Patent and Trademark Office documents contributed by Think Computer Foundation.
Topic: U.S Patent
Images contributed by Internet Archive users and community members. These images are available for free download. Please select a Creative Commons License during upload so that others will know what they may (or may not) do with with your images.
Topic: images
Programs in TV News Archive for research and educational purposes. The programs allow users to search across a collection of television news programs dating back to 2009 for research and educational purposes such as fact checking. Users may view short clips, share links to customized short quotes, embed customized short quotes, or borrow a copy of the full program.
( 1 reviews )
132.5M
132M
Mar 27, 2004
03/04
by
Grateful Dead
Browse: this just in · stream only (SBD) shows · downloadable (AUD) shows · this day in history · average review rating · number reviews · date reviewed · number views · search forums Created in 2004 this collection consists of both audience and soundboard recordings. It is not uncommon to find multiple versions of the same show. For more information please see the FAQ . The Grateful Dead collection is not currently open to public uploads. Search Shows: Downloadable Shows - usually...
Topic: grateful dead, jam, rock, jerry garcia
Inspiring discovery through free access to biodiversity knowledge. | The Biodiversity Heritage Library improves research methodology by collaboratively making biodiversity literature openly available to the world as part of a global biodiversity community. BHL also serves as the foundational literature component of the Encyclopedia of Life . The Biodiversity Heritage Library (BHL) is a consortium of natural history and botanical libraries that cooperate to digitize the legacy literature of...
Items included in the Television News search service. Part of TV News Archive .
The Internet Arcade is a web-based library of arcade (coin-operated) video games from the 1970s through to the 1990s, emulated in JSMAME, part of the JSMESS software package. Containing hundreds of games ranging through many different genres and styles, the Arcade provides research, comparison, and entertainment in the realm of the Video Game Arcade. The game collection ranges from early "bronze-age" videogames, with black and white screens and simple sounds, through to large-scale...
Folksonomy : A system of classification derived from the practice and method of collaboratively creating and managing tags to annotate and categorize content; this practice is also known as collaborative tagging, social classification, social indexing, and social tagging. Coined by Thomas Vander Wal, it is a portmanteau of folk and taxonomy. Folkscanomy : A collection of books and text derived from the efforts of volunteers to make information as widely available as possible. Because the...
Speed running (trying to complete a videogame in the fastest time possible) is almost as old as gaming itself. At least, it's almost as old as games that have a definite end point or staging points, since speedrunning a game with infinitely repeating levels is Sisyphean. This collection hosts downloadable movie files documenting the swiftest possible way to complete videogames such as Quake, Metroid, Zelda and many others. The videos come from Speed Demos Archive , TASvideos , and other...
Topic: video games
You are invited to listen to and download Old Time Radio shows here! Browse by: number views · average review rating · number reviews · date reviewed · date archived · topic
Arquivo.pt - The Portuguese web-archive (PWA) is the national Web archive of Portugal. Its mission is to periodically archive contents of national interest available on the Web, storing and preserving for future generations information of historical relevance. It is a service of the Foundation for Science and Technology (FCT).
A collection of scholarly literature created by experts and professionals in their fields. Included are theses, books, abstracts and articles.
Topics: academic, scientific, white papers, scholar, scholarly, peer review, jstor, arxiv, thesis,...
The Universal Library Project, sometimes called the Million Books Project, was pioneered by Jaime Carbonell, Raj Reddy, Michael Shamos, Gloriana St Clair, and Robert Thibadeau of Carnegie Mellon University. The Governments of India, China, and Egypt are helping fund this effort through scanning facilities and personnel. The Internet Archive has contributed 100k books from the Kansas City Public Library along with servers to India. The Indian government scanned the appropriate books. The...
The Magazine Rack is a collection of digitized magazines and monthly publications.