Ceramica Cielo opens the new showroom in the heart of SoHo
Micro settings with neutral tones hosts the most iconic collections
Browse through all catalogues, download BIM and 3D files and shop furniture and Architecture products
Stay updated on trends, projects and the latest collections from brands and designers
Micro settings with neutral tones hosts the most iconic collections
New collection by Studio MILO and a new finishes inspired by Shou Sugi Ban Japanese technique
From the Intreccio sink to the new exhibition layout by Calvi Brambilla
The new bathroom collection Old Wood
Marble, resin, stone and wood effects for the new collections
The new Saba seating-system has found its home
D1 by Stefan Diez new in 'papyrus white'
With over 200,000 products, 3,500 brands and 2.7 million registered users, Archiproducts is the largest network for Architecture and Design. Every day thousands of Architects, Designers, retailers and brands from all over the world visit the website in search of the finest solutions to design, inspire, build and furnish online. A continuously updated product catalogue with detailed product data sheets, including technical specs, information request forms, pdf catalogues and ready-for-download BIM and 3D files.
Browse among 12 categories – from Furnishing to Lighting, from Bathroom to Outdoor, from Office, to Kitchen, Decor, Wellness and Contract – choose and shop any type of product on our e-commerce platform. From the domestic to the professional space, Archiproducts Shop is the official retailer of 600 brands including Vitra, Knoll, Flos, Artemide, Zanotta and many more. A multilingual customer care offers consulting services, customized shipping and assistance throughout the whole shopping experience.
Sofas and armchairs are the stars of the living area furniture. There are thousands of products available, from the Poltrona Frau leather sofas to the accessories signed by Billiani, Tacchini, Living Divani, Flexform, Casamania&Horm, Gufram, Magis, Desalto, Dedon, Riva 1920, Paola Zani, Saba Italia and many more. Storage units and bookcases offer the chance of maximizing a space and experimenting with a mix & match of materials, colors and shapes.
Tables and chairs are necessary to create a dining area and furnish the kitchen. On Archiproducts you can choose between folding chairs and extendable tables, kitchen furniture and accessories, browsing the catalogues of Abimis, Alpes Inox, Cucine Lube, L'Ottocento, Alessi, Strato Cucine, Valcucine, Falmec and many more.
Looking for solutions to decorate the garden? Make the most out of your outdoor space with outdoor sofas and armchairs, coffee tables, poufs, tables and chairs. Design an outdoor living area with the gazebos, umbrellas and accessories designed by Paola Lenti, Ethimo, Gan, Gervasoni, B&B Italia Outdoor, Vondom, Extremis, Kettal and many more.
From wall tiles, sinks and wall-mounted sanitary fixtures to toilets and taps, Jacuzzis, showers and equipment for Spas, Archiproducts has a wide selection of bathroom furniture. Among all brands for sale, there are Salvatori, Agape, Boffi, Duravit, Marazzi, Ceadesign, Geberit, Aboutwater, Grohe, Ceramica Cielo, Ex.t, Ever Life Design and many more.
Design interior and outdoor lighting with suspension, table and floor lamps, and create an accent light with spotlights, steplights and lighting posts. On Archiproducts you can leaf through the Vibia, Martinelli Luce, Davide Groppi, Bover, FontanaArte, Simes, Oluce, Louis Poulsen, Fabbian, Karman, Andlight, Cini&Nils and Bel-Lighting catalogs – and many more.
The office furniture section offers scalable and modular solutions, which respond to the trend of an increasingly flexible workplace. Desks, office chairs and accessories adapt to a constantly evolving space: discover the office accessories of Arper, Alias, Dieffebi, BuzziSpace, Diemmebi, Actiu, Bene, Archiutti, Fantoni, Ibebi, Ioc, Pedrali and many others.