Argentas is a global technology project. It revolutionizes money, payments and banking via advanced technologies. It is essentially two things:
It is neither merely a normal 'Fintech' project, nor it is only a blockchain project. Argentas combines the 'best of both worlds' to create a powerful hybrid platform that will help transform finance as we know it today.
The next revolution at hand is not that caused by cryptocurrencies alone - time is not yet mature for that. Neither is it the rise of Fintech firms. None of them will be winners alone.
The next revolution is enabled by the smart application of the features enabled by both types of technologies. It is a hybrid platform, combining the best elements of both to achieve the objective of unified global architecture.
Finance can and must be purely genuinely global, without frontiers. Money is. Payments are. Banking must equally be: technologically there are no frontiers. This will create true end-to-end winning solutions that are usable already today.
Argentas is a winner in this revolution.
This is the road towards open global financial systems. It is analogous from going from combustion engine via hybrid solutions to full-electric. A whole new financial architecture for the 21st century and beyond.
The past era starting from the invention of 'modern' banking half a millennium ago during the Renaissance era will lead to a new powerful Renaissance in finance we will help to start. It is about time: 500 years!
Read more from here.
Participate in the powerful global distribution of AXU Tokens, Argentas Exchange Units, by invitation only. It is entirely free and without any obligations or commitments from you.
All you need is just your name and email address. As simple as that.
Sign up and your AXUs are reserved. For free. Yes, free lunches do exist sometimes.
Building a community together. Invite your friends and get more AXUs for all.
Get a valid invitation link from your friends. If you don't have any, get one. To avoid problems, the inviter and invitee should know each other.
Sign up. You get the signup bonus (10% of reserved amount). Verify your email by clicking the button in the message you receive instantly. One signup per person only.
Your inviter receives a simultaneous notification of your signup. The inviter needs to verify you too. If you don't get verified, you can't verify friends and earn rewards.
Now you can invite people by sharing your invitation link with friends by email or social media. Your link is on your personal page.
Earn verification bonus upon verifying your friends (40% of reserved amount for 6). Before getting verified, they must verify their emails too.
After having used up your limit of 6 invitations, you may get an upgrade with much more, and earn more rewards in promoting our community.
Follow the tips to get your personal invitation and join our global community of ca. 100,000 people: