ADF sets sights on major transformation of deployed IT environment
Seeks ideas on creating a "reliable and secure warfighting and business network”
Seeks ideas on creating a "reliable and secure warfighting and business network”
A malicious Trojan is doing the rounds among Australian email inboxes prompting a warning from the Australian Cyber Security Centre (ACSC).
Kaspersky has opened its threat intelligence portal to the general public with the intention of targeting incident responders and security operation centre (SOC) analysts, working in-house and at managed security service providers (MSSPs).
Intel confesses it still can't supply enough processors, especially in the low end of the PC market. So it's investing heavily to fix things.
Operated power protection vendor Ion Ups has partnered with distributor Multimedia Technologies.
The federal government has formally directed the Australian Communications and Media Authority to prepare the 2.4GHz of spectrum in the 26GHz band to be auctioned off for use with 5G services.
Tech giant prioritises channel depth over breadth
The new CEO of the cloud data warehouse vendor talks frankly about what he wants to bring to the company and some of the key challenges on his agenda
Claims to be friendlier to channel than its biggest competitors "who do a terrible job taking care of their channel"
Rise of digital hospitals increases exposure to cyber hackers
Hitachi Vantara has developed the Data Stairway to Value to illustrate how to help organisations harness their information and industry knowledge (yours and theirs) to deliver context and insights as they strive to find value in their ever-flowing flood of data.. Read more
ARN Exchange in Sydney debates the challenges for investing in edge computing and the main opportunities in the years ahead.
This ARN Exchange, in association with APC by Schneider Electric, debated the challenges for investing in edge computing and the main opportunities in the years ahead.
ARN has recognised the achievements of established partners, emerging players and innovative start-ups in front of over 600 technology leaders in Sydney.
Executives, vendor partners and customers gathered together to toast the opening of its new workspace in Chippendale, Sydney, during a celebratory drinks reception.
Gartner names the most important factors affecting infrastructure and operations
Cisco says vulnerabilities in IOS/IOS XE could cause DOS situation; warns on Traceroute setting
Veeam strives to transform and evangelize customer cloud data management strategy, say senior executives, Dave Russell and Asanga Wanigatunga.
"We are empowering the digital transformation journey of organizations with disruptive technologies across augmented AI, analytics and search," says Sudheesh Nair, CEO at ThoughtSpot.
Cisco, VMware, HPE and others tap into new Google Cloud Athos cloud technology
AirUnleashed claims to have achieved what Apple couldn't: a wireless charging pad that can simultaneously power up an iPhone, an Apple Watch and AirPods.
Learn how to add columns, get summaries, sort your results and reshape your data.
Mobile World Congress, the wireless industry’s big annual showcase, featured a heavy emphasis on 5G, the next generation of licensed mobile networks.