Get an Instant Free Quote
Grow your PT Business today!
Why use Art Of Fitness Sales?
“Since implementing The Art of Fitness Sales there has been a significant change in the way I gain clients I now have a sales process before I used to do session by session and this used to be so draining. I can remember when I used to floor walk in a gym and this used to waste my time. I wish I had a proper sales process when I first started. The average length of clients’ initial contract is now 12 months. I’ve quadrupled my client base and I don’t feel like I’m selling rather getting the correct clients for my business. My Highest paying client to date has been £4800 for yearly contract but the best bit is I have more time to do other things and I have more energy to work on my self.”
Dillon greenway, personal trainer
This is simple if all of the processes are done properly. You will simply transition into a long term committed client. It is selling without selling.
Reviews
Frequently Asked Questions
“Since implementing The Art of Fitness Sales I usually average around 40 (½ hour) sessions weekly. I generally work 4-5 days a week, and only 1 of those days is a split. Some of the team work mostly mornings, I prefer mostly evenings. As a team it works, and we’re all busy most of the team, which is great. Without The Art of Fitness Sales we wouldn’t be nearly as busy, and we’d have trouble filling gaps when clients leave, from relocation etc. Also our clients pay monthly even if they take a break, so there is always income coming in, and I have them do ‘catch up’, or ‘get-ahead’ sessions before or after client holidays. Another nice thing is that we never have clients quibbling over price as they agree in advance on the phone that they can afford our service.”
Connor Latour, personal trainer
(c) Art Of Fitness Sales
Sell more to the right clients
Create more time
More money
More energy
Select the correct prospects that will convert into long term clients.
It’s vital to establish that your prospects are ready to buy, we have included the perfect prequalification script designed to qualify your prospect. Saving you time, money and Energy that you can use in growing your business.
We have included the perfect client interview designed to build the prospects issue, so that they are ready to buy.
It’s important to nurture your leads properly. To ensure this we have included email templates, texts and a system to help you generate strong prospects ready to convert.
Follow up
Consultation
Close