Introduction
Introducing the new asd20.org.
After nearly a year and a half of research and development, we are excited to launch our new district website. Designed with families' needs in mind, the new site has many improved features including:
- powerful and robust search,
- a school directory/comparison tool, and
- a comprehensive and customizable district-wide calendar.
We have made dramatic strides, but we aren’t done yet. Please take a tour and let us know what you think. We want to hear what you love and even what you don't.
Thanks in advance for your help and support!
By the numbers.
Daring to Lead
Peace of mind is knowing your child’s school is not just good, but excellent.
Academy District 20 has been Accredited with Distinction, the state’s highest accolade, for more than a decade. We are also consistently ranked one of the strongest school districts in the state based on our innovative curriculum, student performance, graduation rates and college placement scores. We are investing in our students with a $230 million bond that is providing improvements to our schools, creating three new schools, and establishing our Center for Modern Learning.
Inspiring Excellence
At Academy District 20, we have a proud lineage of inspirational teachers.
“Is this best for our kids?” Our teachers start here, then use their unique gifts and talents to spark greatness in the hearts and minds of each student. Together strong bonds are formed, and true communities established. This allows us to not only celebrate students’ successes, but also rally around them providing support during challenging situations. At the end of the day, we pride ourselves on doing all we can to ensure success for every student both in, and out, of the classroom.
Choices to Find Your Niche
With 39 schools full of passionate teachers and one-of-a-kind programs, your student is sure to thrive.
Whether your student is interested in the arts, math, language, social studies, English, or the great outdoors, we can help channel their passion. With facilities like our School in the Woods or the Center for Modern Learning, and programs like Chinese immersion, Arts Academy, Project Based Learning, cybersecurity and coding classes, we're sure to have the environment and curriculum to propel your student to success. We understand each student needs time to explore, play and find their passion to be a life-long learner.