- Listen to insights from CEOs of leading insurers on remaining competitive in Asia
- Catch expert advice on adjusting growth strategies to meet the challenges of the Covid-19 outbreak
- Consider ways to use technology to revamp and ramp up insurer business models and customer interaction
- Examine how niche segments could reshape the insurance industry’s legacy systems
- Explore the long-term benefits of integrating climate risk analysis and principles of environment, sustainability and governance into investment decisions
- Hear leading investors and insurers weigh the benefits and risks in Asia’s fixed-income market, in the wake of political, trade and health turmoil
Asia’s insurance sector has shown deep potential. Rising incomes, favourable demographic patterns and markets yet to be fully explored have made the region attractive to insurers and investors, both domestic and international. But the new decade has started on a challenging note. The impact of the COVID-19 outbreak has upended the insurance business, along with others, dramatically compounding the ill-effects of US-China trade tensions and a global economic slowdown. How best can the industry bounce back? As major investors, how can insurers address the immediate fallout from the COVID-19 outbreak, and also plan for the future? Now in its seventh year, the summit will for the first time be digital. FT Asia Insurance Summit: Adjusting strategies for resilient growth will feature online conversations with leading insurers, regulators, asset managers and technology experts to explore the best ways to build an industry for the long term. The summit is qualified for 6 CPD hours by The Chartered Insurance Institute.
Why attend.
Premier digital events supported by the world's best journalism.
FT Live events keep you connected and informed in an uncertain and constantly changing world. Using leading digital technology, we have now taken our content, global audience reach and engagement to a new level through a series of unmissable virtual events. Our compelling programmes, chaired by respected FT journalists, feature the most senior and thought-provoking decision-makers in business, finance and politics, all accessible from your office or home.
Leading speakers from the insurance industry, including:
"The FT Asia Insurance Summit is an excellent opportunity for global insurance professionals from all over the world to get specialised insights into a fast-growing insurance market."
contact us
Michael Hinc
Sponsorship Opportunities
T: +852 29055509
Ashley Li
Media Partner And Press Enquiries
T: +852 29055512
© Financial Times Live
FT Live and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice