Introducing AST Private Company Solutions™
Learn more about this exciting new initiative, coming late 2019LEARN MORE
To, Through, and Beyond the IPO
Articles and guides for companies going public
AST & Industry Events
Join us and stay ahead with the latest AST and industry events
Who We Are
AST is a tech-enabled, integrated, professional services firm that empowers companies and their stakeholders to achieve their goals through advisory, technology and flawless execution.
What We Offer
We are your strategic partner for positive shareholder engagement, transfer agent excellence, control of essential ownership records, and employee plans.
We assist corporations in obtaining and interpreting key investor information to enhance their engagement through our expertise in corporate governance, proxy solicitation, advisory services, credit markets intelligence and more.
We partner with professionals in the private, public, and governmental sectors through a wide range of services designed to help them overcome legal obstacles and unplanned events.
We provide comprehensive case management and administration consulting services for corporate restructuring transactions. Our approach streamlines operations and reduces administrative burdens.
Solutions by Function
AST understands and addresses the unique challenges faced by finance teams. As your proactive advisor, we’ll help guide you through regulatory challenges while delivering the day-to-day service and operational support you need to ensure your company’s continued evolution. We are dedicated to supporting your organization’s progress, and to helping you avoid obstacles along the way. Discover our solutions and start moving forward today.
Debrief your team for engagement season on shareholder interests, board diversity, executive compensation and more. Review 2018’s top trends and developments in D.F. King’s Debriefing, your 2018 Fall Engagement Guide. Access the 2018 Fall Engagement Guide flipbook.| DOWNLOAD
To deliver essential corporate services like ownership recordkeeping and shareholder communications, Corporate Secretaries need a strong partner with the resources and experience to ensure that nothing stands in the way of their progress. AST offers the advisory, operations, and expertise to address a suite of needs, from flawless Transfer Agent and Registrar services to IPO and ownership advisory. We believe in staying ahead of compliance and regulatory changes, in fostering positive relationships with shareholders, and in using technology and strategic acumen to drive decisions. Discover just some of what we can do together.
Debrief your team for engagement season on shareholder interests, board diversity, executive compensation and more. Review 2018’s top trends and developments in D.F. King’s Debriefing, your 2018 Fall Engagement Guide. Access the 2018 Fall Engagement Guide flipbook.| DOWNLOAD
Whether they’re awarding shares directly, providing options, or delivering the ability to purchase stock through a plan, Human Resources teams help their companies retain the best talent and foster employees’ long-term commitment to their organization’s success. AST is equipped to support the goals of HR teams for both public and private organizations, and across even the most recently adopted equity products. Our tech-forward solutions serve both issuers and employees, and are customized to your needs—whether you’re looking for a comprehensive, full-service solution to manage your plans, or a simpler SAAS tool that puts you in the driver’s seat. See how we can help you get started.
In a highly competitive job market, incentive plans need to be a part of your company's road map regardless of what stage the company is in.| DOWNLOAD
Whether it’s a private company issuing its first IPO, or an established corporation handling an M&A event, restructuring, or class action litigation, successful corporate actions require dedicated operational support. For these matters, AST offers an integrated suite of services designed to help legal teams move their clients forward. Our expert staff, technology-driven solutions, and integrated communications framework enable us to work collaboratively with you, even when timing is tight. We can integrate registry and compliance advisory services into all of our solutions, and we have the infrastructure to quickly implement efficient processes that drive resolution. Best of all, our engagements are overseen by seasoned professionals who have been there, understand the pain points and strive to prevent them.
Investor and Public Relations teams are responsible for managing essential corporate functions that can make or break investor affinity and public confidence. AST specializes in providing you with the support you need to better manage your corporate programs. With AST, you can be confident in the quality and delivery of shareholder and investor communications, including proxy solicitations and voting tabulation. Our team of experts can also help support rare and unexpected events, such as a hostile takeover or crisis situations. Our offering includes comprehensive mission critical services and M&A communications, as well as corporate restructuring and class-action solutions that help companies overcome obstacles with speed and at scale.
Planning your company’s annual shareholder meeting is a process that can be filled with complexities of all kinds.| DOWNLOAD
In the News
Paul Arens has joined Private Company Solutions as Vice President, Business Development & Partnerships, to forge partnerships in the private company ecosystem and identify synergistic relationships.
AST Fund Solutions executed a successful proxy campaign that resulted in 103 separate fund shareholder approvals for the reorganization of the OppenheimerFunds into the Invesco Funds.
Carine Schneider, FGE, President of AST Private Company Solutions™, will speak at the Global Equity Organization (GEO) Annual Conference in Amsterdam about timely issues in global share plans and executive compensation.
Insights
Whitepaper
It is critical for retention and morale to acknowledge employees' contributions and support their investment in the company's future. This whitepaper discusses performance incentives, development of awards and design of plan documents.
Presentations
Paul Torre, President, Governance, Proxy & Ownership Services, discusses the future of proxy technology - blockchain-enabled vote tabulation – in this Corporate Counsel Business Journal interview.
Reports
Investor intelligence and a strong investor communications plan can help to mitigate some of the volatility, and investors can give valuable insights on how the street views the company. Read strategic recommendations from Lou Cordone, Senior Vice President, D.F. King, an AST Company.