Learn how author and professional Dungeon Master, Travis Legge, uses Astral for his show Scarred Lands: Myths & Matchmakers."Games are very easy to prepare for and run with Astral," Travis says.Read more.
"I love how the community and developers work together to make this a great platform." - MisterX, Astral Community Member
"New ideas and feature requests are frequently folded into the system making it an enjoyable, dynamic, and growing experience to play and create on the Astral platform." - Clinton R. Oberholster, Astral Community Member
We've teamed up with DriveThruRPG to build the next generation of tabletop gaming!
Learn the ropes with ready-made games complete with pregenerated characters, maps, and story ideas.
All The Tools You Need To Play TableTop Roleplaying Games
Square & Hex Grid
Automated Triggers
Chat
Visual FX
Play-by-Post
Custom Dice
Play in feet, meters, and even lightyears
Make objects and buildings interactive
Roll dice, emote, and chat all in one add-on
Add godrays, rain, snow, and more to any map
Post to your timeline as yourself or your character
Roll RPG dice, build complex roll structures for any system (3D Dice Coming Soon!)
Learn how author and professional Dungeon Master, Travis Legge, uses Astral for his show Scarred Lands: Myths & Matchmakers."Games are very easy to prepare for and run with Astral," Travis says.Read more.
For Game Masters
Create and run games without spending hours on setup! Astral offers everything a Game Master needs to facilitate fun and immersive sessions.
Manage chat and combat in one place
Easily build maps and characters from scratch or use any of our ready-to-play templates
Add immersion and visual effects with just a click
"New ideas and feature requests are frequently folded into the system making it an enjoyable, dynamic, and growing experience to play and create on the Astral platform." - Clinton R. Oberholster, Astral Community Member
Immerse yourself in epic worlds and stories. Build characters for your favorite tabletop roleplaying games.
Use the vault to save your characters and move them across games
Easily connect with other party members and stay up-to-date on your game's timeline
Coming soon! Facilitate actions from character sheets with a "click to roll" action bar