|
|
Tue 22 October, 03:30 PM UT
Moon Phase
Waning Moon, 39.15%
Waning Crescent
Mon 28 Oct 03:40 AM UT
Celebrity Search
Astrology Calculations
|
For over 15 years, we have been offering quality astrological reports which are exclusive to Astrotheme. Discover your personalized horoscope, learn about your natal chart, get the latest-generation astrology forecasts, try out the compatibility calculator, or check 56,630 charts of celebrities of our database.
Astrotheme Offer
The detailed forecasts: the absolute must in predictive astrology.
The astrological portrait: a fascinating and indispensable reading.
Will you get along together? Check out our compatibility reports.
Astrology forecasts: Transits or Solar Revolution? The choice is yours, but these methods are complementary...
Your planetary climate described in minute detail with our Detailed Forecasts, the absolute must in predictive astrology.
New files available: the zodiac celebrates Halloween. Focus on the facetious Will Smith. A lifestyle article about the zodiac and surprises. Focus on the impulsive Ellen Barkin and the billionaire Oprah Winfrey.
Don't forget your comprehensive astrological portrait, a fascinating reading for you and your relatives.
To make the most of Astrotheme, create your account then create your birth profiles, so you can use them with all our applications without having to enter your data again.
Discover the celebrity horoscopes most clicked on yesterday by the visitors.
Astrotheme was created in 2002 with a view to offering to astrology enthusiasts an Internet tool to create charts as powerful and friendly as a quality professional software for their computer, and the best transits forecasts and reports.
The website offers a large knowledge base for learning astrology, as well as the possibility to practice it concretely. You have free access to hundreds of analyses and articles, along with various applications enabling you to cast an unlimited number of interactives charts using your own options and calculation parameters.
Quality and seriousness are our guiding principles. For that reason, the reports we sell have been elaborated in such a way as to avoid two pitfalls commonly found in astrological texts: boredom, instilled by texts which are too abstract and pedantic, and on the contrary, frustration aroused by interpretations which are too down-to-earth and simplistic.
Furthermore, all our texts have been written with the constant concern to help, to suggest some advice and some solution for each "negative" interpretation, whether in our portraits, our compatibility reports, or our astrological forecasts.
|
Astrology Shop