Currency Displayed in USD
Customer Service: (888) 238-1155
"Absolutely first class pre-sales support and advice. Amazing delivery - ordered Wednesday evening and arrived Friday morning (US to UK)."
Richard H.
Leicester, Leicestershire, United Kingdom
atlasRFIDstore is a global retailer specializing in RFID and NFC hardware. Radio frequency identification is used as a localized tracking technology and has many applications in logistics, amusement parks, sporting events, and many more industries. atlasRFIDstore’s customers range anywhere from the giants of Silicon Valley to bustling start-ups.
We've been helping companies build RFID systems since 2008. With our expertise and experience with RFID readers, tags, and antennas, we're able to help our customers choose the right products for their specific applications. If you have any questions or need help with your own application, call us at (888) 238-1155 or contact us, and we'll be happy to help you.
Our online store is the perfect place to browse for complete RFID Systems or individual parts, such as tags, readers, development kits, printers, antennas, portals, and more. Whether you are looking to upgrade your existing RFID system or purchase your first complete system, you are in the right place. Our service representatives can help you choose, integrate, and maintain your RFID technology, guiding you from purchase to implementation and beyond. It is our mission to search the globe for the best and most cutting edge RFID technology and bring it to our customers.
When you buy RFID Technology, you will not get a one size fits all system. We will help you carefully choose which products will fit your exact needs. Automobiles? Pharmaceuticals? Livestock? No matter what type of inventory or assets you need to wrangle, we have the technology to do it. We also have individual products in virtually every category of RFID hardware, allowing you to effectively fill any gaps that might exist in your current system. The atlasRFIDstore product line includes tags, readers, development kits, printers, antennas, portals, and more.
Be sure to check out our sample packs - they provide you with a varied selection of RFID tags so that you can test them thoroughly before making a bulk purchase.
Buy your RFID Systems from atlasRFIDstore, and discover for yourself why we're among the most trusted and experienced RFID providers on the market. If you have any questions about getting started, please contact us.
What is Radio Frequency Identification?
RFID is an acronym that stands for Radio Frequency Identification. RFID systems use tags and readers to keep track of various assets, inventory, or personnel. Tags are applied to products which can then be read with a standard device (i.e. reader) without having to be seen (this is one of several advantages of RFID over barcodes). The tags report back wirelessly and often without batteries. The power harnessed by the tag comes from electromagnetic waves generated by the RFID System.
RFID systems may be preferable to other methods (such as barcodes) because they allow for more efficiencies. With RFID you can read tags from yards away (or even farther) and you can creatively embed the tags so that they are not noticeable on the product.
From our headquarters in the Innovation Depot in Birmingham, Alabama, we have watched RFID change the way companies do business. We are excited to bring our customers the very best in RFID technology.
All prices are in USD.
You do not have any item in your cart.