This Roswell home overlooking the Chattahoochee River celebrates contemporary design
When Andrea and Jerry Freeman found an empty lot in Roswell overlooking the Chattahoochee River, they got their opportunity to give suburban living their own twist. The goal: build a modern but warm sanctuary embracing the wooded surroundings.
Bernie Taupin on writing songs for Elton John, Rocketman, and his upcoming art exhibition in Atlanta
Atlantans may recognize Bernie Taupin as the lyricist who wrote dozens of radio hits (from “Tiny Dancer” to “I’m Still Standing”) with Elton John, including the album, Peachtree Road. The pair continues to collaborate, but Taupin has spent the past few years focused primarily on his artwork.
The Walking Dead Awards: Sleep-deprived
The group gets a summons from Alpha, who knows they've crossed the border into her turf. Meanwhile, Carol starts seeing things, and Aaron and Negan go on an adventure.
Atlantans blew up Instagram with photos of Friday’s hot pink and purple sky
If you missed Friday night's incredible pink and purple sunset, you missed out, but here are a ton of photos from across the metro area.
The best dog-friendly hiking trails in Atlanta
From easy, low-impact walks to hikes with mountain views to a dog beach, here's where you and your best furry friend can both get some exercise and fresh air.
Ph’east brings Snackboxe Bistro, Poke Burri, and other metro faves to the Battery in November
Ph'east food hall will bring several local restaurants to the Battery, including Snackboxe Bistro, Poke Burri, Lifting Noodles Ramen, and Fan T’Asia, a Cantonese stall from the team behind Bobo Garden.
Where to find apple orchards and pumpkin patches near Atlanta
Fall means it’s time to head to the farm to apple orchard exploring and pumpkin patch fun. Here's five spots within driving distance of metro Atlanta.
TOP STORIES
When shows like Stranger Things need old cars, they turn to Y’allywood Film Cars
Beth Aylward's white 1969 Plymouth Valiant can be seen cruising around Hawkins, Indiana, throughout each season of Stranger Things. Her company provides everything from classic sedans to military vehicles to junk cars to beautifully restored vintage fire trucks for movie and TV productions.
Tyler Perry is Hollywood, and everyone else is taking notes
The two-day grand opening celebration of the new Tyler Perry Studios in Southwest Atlanta marked the latest chapter for its namesake, entrepreneurial filmmaker Tyler Perry. But to understand his success, you need to look back at film history.
The verdict on 3 new Atlanta restaurants: Cold Beer, Aziza, Vietvana
Kevin Gillespie has yet another impressive restaurant at the BeltLine-adjacent Cold Beer, new modern-Israeli comes to Westside Provisions District at Aziza, and Avondale Estates has an ambitious Vietnamese joint, Vietvana.
Review: Wood’s Chapel BBQ brings top-notch barbecue to Summerhill
When Todd Ginsberg of General Muir, one of the best chefs in Atlanta, turns his attention to barbecue and opens a restaurant in Summerhill, sparks will fly. With Wood’s Chapel BBQ, he takes an old-fashioned concept and makes it stunning and modern in a way that respects its integrity.
The ultimate guide to Halloween events in metro Atlanta
Halloween season is here and there is plenty of fun to be had all over the metro area. Here's a run down of haunted houses, parties, kid-friendly fun, and more.
Photos: The opening of Tyler Perry Studios was beyond star-studded
Tyler Perry marked the opening of his new, 330-acre Tyler Perry Studios at Fort McPherson with a gala that brought a monumental number of stars, including everyone from Oprah to Hank Aaron to Beyoncé to Andrew Young.
A young RuPaul and Charlie Brown star in Al Clayton’s 1980s photography show, “Drag Queens & Club Kids”
Al Clayton's photographs, on display at Chamblee's EBD4 gallery, celebrate the campy hedonists who made Atlanta a playground for nonconformists 40 years ago.