Aupair.com provides easy access to a lot of Au Pairs candidates from all types of backgrounds. User interface really friendly and informative. AuPair Elena was already working in our country, so it w..
We've just agreed to host Iva from July 14th to August 25th.
All aupairs from here have been lovely. Great system, the website could become more mobile reesponsive though. I am looking forward to an upgrade.
The first step in your Au Pair search is the online registration on AuPair.com. Register for free and start a once-in-a-lifetime experience. Create your profile now! Read More
Are you looking for a flexible childcare solution? Do you want to work abroad and already have experience in the field of childcare? Then the Au Pair program is just right for you! Find Au Pairs/ Host Families who match your search criteria and become a Premium member. Read More
Use our secure messaging system to get in touch with your future Au Pair or Host Family. Make an appointment for an Au Pair interview. Are you wondering how? We will show you! Read More
The most important step in your Au Pair search is the agreement between both sides. Make sure to discuss important matters such as duties, hours and pocket money and sign the contract! Read More
We may have forgotten how important the things we share online are. What impact can online posts have on our life? Read more to find it out.
One of the requirements of the Au Pair program is taking part in a language course. But not everyone has the time or money to commute to a physical classroom on a regular basis. Are online language courses a valid alternative for busy Au Pairs?
Most Au Pairs fit the risk group of eating disorders, that’s why we wanted to deal with this sensitive topic during our Mental Health Awareness Month. We'll give you insight into the different types of eating disorders and will also provide Host Families with tips on how to deal with the situation if they suspect their Au Pair is struggling with healthy eating habits.