Developers hub for all aviation data from live tracking flights to actual airport schedules, airline routes and much more
Flight Tracker API
Useful for interactive flight maps, analysing aviation traffic, early delay detections, overlay airtraffic with weather, digital airlines, cargo forwarders, corporate booking
Airport Schedules API
Useful for flight delay platforms, booking agencies, taxi applications, planespotters, digital airlines, insurance companies, analysts, cargo forwarders, corporate booking
Airline Routes API
Analysing route oppertunities, opening new connections, analysts, digital airlines, destination marketers
Nearby Airports API
Find cities and airports near certain coordinates, find cities near airports or airports near cities
Autocomplete API
Airport and cities autocomplete. Get an output for any input value
Aviation Databases
Airports, airlines, aircrafts, iata, icao, cities, countries, timezones, taxes
Database download and API of airlines, airports, flight tracking, timetables and routes with IATA codes
Sign up for the discounted trial now – Follow this link
Your central hub for aviation data
or
What do we do
Gathering and updating data in the aviation industry through our database and API.
We collect data from hundreds of different sources. Official authorities as well as other industry partners such as airlines and airports. This data we compile into our database. We developed a combined system of software as well as manual checks to guarantee our data is always up to date. That way we can deliver accurate data to our clients through our API. Aside from this, we offer complete support all the way during and after the implementation process.
Who this is for
Anyone whose business deals with aviation or the travel industry for whom it is of utmost importance that their data is accurate and complete.
Our clients are booking agencies, destination marketers, tour operators, airlines and airports, corporate booking platforms, Cargo Transporters, tracking websites, insurance companies and countless more.
Flight Tracker API
Clients can connect to the flight tracking through the API key which gives direct access to all the live flight data. The flight tracker API allows clients to display within their applications or on their websites and other platforms, the actual tracking of flights including all their relevant information. This service is central to our aviation data and maintained constantly within our database. Since the data is live, the updates happen within short intervals of just a few minutes. Aviation Edge’s function is to gather and maintain the complete aviation data for our clients so that they can create the functional tools for their customers.
Sources and process
The data of the flight tracking API is collected through ADS-B systems as well as the use of flight schedules to anticipate the location and fill in the gaps where needed. We also receive data from our aviation partners and combine all this to the central system for our clients.
Data included in the flight tracker API
- Geography: Location information such as latitude, longitude, altitude and direction.
- Speed: Vertical and horizontal speed of aircraft.
- Departure and arrival: IATA codes and ICAO codes of the departure and arrival location.
- Aircraft and flight: IATA and ICAO number of flight and registration number, ICAO code and ICAO24 code of aircraft.
- Airline: IATA code and ICAO code of airline.
- System information: Squawk, status and last updated.
Sign up and test our data.
Flight schedules and timetables API
The API service provides the flight schedules and timetables of all airports and airlines around the world and maintains this for the clients in a central database, always accessible with the personal API key. The airport and airline timetables and schedules API is one of Aviation Edge’s core features. Making it easy for developers to provide their customers with actual airport departure and arrival times through API on their applications or websites. Our function is to gather and maintain the aviation data and format this into workable flight schedules and airport timetables for the clients so that they can focus on their core business of providing this information to their customers.
Sources and process
The flight timetables and schedules come directly from the airports and airlines when available. Another source of data is through our partnerships with other data providers and aviation. The data is aggregated through dedicated software which connects us with our individual partners.
Data included in aviation Timetables API
- Status of the flight: active, scheduled, landed, cancelled, incident, diverted, redirected.
- Location: departure/arrival: Airport IATA code, ICAO code, Terminal, Gate.
- Take-off information: delay, the scheduled, estimated and actual time on runway and that of departure/arrival.
- Airline: Name, IATA code and ICAO code.
- Flight: Number of Flight, IATA prefix with flight number and ICAO prefix with flight number.
Sign up and test our data.
Airline routes API
The Airline Routes API provides the data about the routes between all the airports an airline operates on. The service collects the active routes of each individual airline and provides this as one database through the API key which you can obtain on this platform. At any time you can connect to the actual flight routes around the world with your API key. Common use of the air routes API is to develop software in the aviation industry. While Aviation Edge’s focus remains on the collection and maintaining of aviation data, the clients are care-free to develop countless applications and platforms upon it.
Sources and process
The flight routes data is provided by aviation authorities, individual airline companies and through our partners within the aviation industry. The data is constantly made actual through our dedicated software, developed for each airline company and through additional manual control when required.
Data included in Airline routes API
- Departure data: IATA code, ICAO code, departure Terminal and Time.
- Arrival data: IATA code, ICAO code, departure Terminal and Time.
- Airline: IATA code of airline.
- Flight: Flight Number and Registration Number.
Sign up and test our data.
Nearby airports and cities API
The API service to find airports and cities nearby a certain location is developed based on the databases about airports and cities which Aviation Edge maintains. Using the latitude and longitude data about the airports and cities, the nearby API can identify within a set range, which airports and cities are nearby. The API then identify the location based on the coordinates alongside additional useful data for the aviation and travel industry about these specific airports and cities. It is also made possible to our clients to develop their own software based on our static databases of airports and cities, however connecting through our Nearby service of airports and cities is made very easy with the API system.
Sources and process
The Nearby airports and cities API is founded on our airports and cities database. These are constantly expanding with more data as they become available to us through new data partnerships and data sharing.
Data included in Nearby airports and cities API
- Location type: Airport, railway, bus station, heliport, seaport, etc.
- Location data: IATA code, ICAO code, Name, city and country code related to location, name of country that the location is in.
- Coordinates and distance: latitude and longitude coordinates of location, distance from input coordinates to location.
Sign up and test our data.
Aviation autocomplete API
This API helps to locate airports based on partial input. For example if you type Ams, it will come up with Amsterdam, Schiphol and other airports which include “ams” as part of their name or coding. This is a fitting addition to the other API services that we offer on aviation. Allowing clients to easily integrate a search window for their customers. The autocomplete is based on our internal databases of airports, cities and others. These are maintained up to date manually and through dedicated software.
Sources and process
The sources of the data are aviation authorities, airports directly and our partners in aviation data. The aviation autocomplete API is based on the databases on airports and other related segments. They are updated periodically saving time from the clients to maintain these manually.
Data included in aviation Autocomplete API
- Location type: City, airport, railway, bus station, heliport, seaport, etc.
- Location data: IATA code, ICAO code, names, city code, country.
- Location coordinates: Latitude, longitude, timezone.
Sign up and test our data.
Airline database
A complete database of all the airlines in the world. Used often in combination with other API solutions such as the flight tracker, airline schedules and routes. The database is a foundation for a wide range of software applications. There are two ways to obtain the airline database, either by downloading it in excel, csv or sql format or by connecting to the API service which Aviation Edge provides. When you download the database individually or in combination with other databases, you will receive important updates automatically by mail and you can also access your account at any time to download the database. The other option through API will allow you to develop a software to automatically check for updates.
Sources and process
The airline database is a foundation for several other features we have. The data is gathered from aviation authorities as well as airlines directly and our partners in aviation data. We maintain the database through dedicated software and manual checks.
Data included in Airline database download
- Codes: Aside from the airline Name, the database includes IATA code and IATA prefix and IATA accounting code, ICAO code
- Related data: IATA code of the Hub airport of the airline, name and ISO code of country
- Airline details: Status of airline (active, closed, etc), Type of airline, Founding year, Fleet size, average age of fleet
- Contact information: Website, twitter, facebook, phone nr (when available)
Sign up and test our data.
Airport database
World airport database with detailed data on every airport. The database can be downloaded or reached through API. It actually contains data about all aviation platforms, including private and public airports, airstrips, helipads, seaports and much more. It’s possible to download in excel, csv or sql format. Most of our clients initially download this as a stand-alone document or in combination with the other databases in a complete package. Aviation Edge has developed dedicated software to connect with our partners and airports directly to maintain the data actual. When downloading the database you will automatically receive mayor updates on the email used for registration. An other option is to connect to the API service which also allows you access to our other features which make use of the airport database.
Sources and process
A large part of our data comes from aviation authorities and national institutions around the world. We further develop the details of the airports database by making direct contact with the airports or through our data partners in aviation.
Data included in Airport database download
- Airport details: Name, IATA code ICAO code, Name translations, routes.
- Locational information: Name and ISO of country, IATA of nearby city, Latitude and Longitude coordinates, Timezone, GMT offset, geoname ID.
- Contact information: website and phone nr (when available)
Sign up and test our data.
Aircraft database
Aviation Edge maintains an aircraft registry in the form of a database of all aircraft types which can be downloaded in excel, csv or sql format. It is also possible to connect to this database through the API service. The database is used internally for flight tracking and by the clients for a wide range of software applications. By downloading the airplane database you will receive support and mayor updates for the period of one year. The data we provide saves clients a lot of time of manually aggregating the data from various sources. On top of this we have developed software to control the validity of the data where possible. This allows clients to focus on their core business while relying on our aviation database.
Sources and process
A large amount of details is gathered from the FAA public aircraft registry. We combine this with many additional sources from local aviation authorities and manufacturers as well as directly from airlines and wholesalers.
Data included in Aircraft database download
- Aircraft basic: Name, model, registration number, IATA typecode, ICAO24 hex code, IATA short and long.
- Historic data: Date of rollout, first flight, delivery and registration of aircraft.
- Production data: Construction number, production line, airplane series.
- Owner information: Owner of plane, airline IATA and ICAO code.
- Aircraft details: Classes, seats, Amount of engines, age of airplane and status.
Sign up and test our data.
City database
The database contains all cities in the world with their aviation and travel related data. It is possible to download the city database in excel, csv or sql format so that it functions for all of our clients. The other way to reach this data is through our API system which will automatically be updated with new information as we aggregate them. Many of the clients initially download the city database followed by signing up to obtain their own API key. There is a free sample available to verify if the data contains what you are looking for before committing to it. When downloading you will receive updates of any mayor changes automatically by mail.
Sources and process
The data is regularly checked and updated directly from various national sources. In case these are not available we use publicly accessible information to complete the database.
Data included in City Database
- City basic: Name, IATA, ISO-2 related country.
- Location data: Latitude, Longitude, Timezone, GMT offset, Geoname ID.
- Translations: Translations of the city name (when available).
Sign up and test our data.
Country database
The country database contains all countries and regions in the world. This global country database can be downloaded as an excel, csv or sql file or you can connect to it through our API system. Using the API subscription, clients will automatically receive the updates as we continue to improve our data. Clients who choose to download the data will receive mayor updates automatically by mail. Download the free country database sample to check if it contains the information you are looking for and then decide either to download or connect to the API. The central focus for Aviation Edge is to gather data and keep it actual so that the clients are able to focus on using the data in their software.
Sources and process
Regarding the country data, we use publicly accessible data from official sources and aggregate that centrally into our database. The added value given, is that this data is collected and maintained, taking this concern away from the clients.
Data included in Country Database
- Country basic: Name and Name translations, IATA, ISO-2, ISO-3, Numeric.
- Currency: Name of currency and Code of currency.
- Location data:Continent, capital, neighbours.
- Other:Prefix of phones, Popularity, Languages spoken.
Sign up and test our data.
Tax codes database
The IATA tax codes database includes a list of all IATA codes for the different functions. You can download it in the form of excel, csv or sql or you just subscribe to our API system which already includes this data as well. As we update our databases, you will receive the additional information as well. If you choose to download the database, we will send you updates over mail. Get the database sample of the IATA taxes codes first. This way you can check if it has the information which you are looking for. Afterwards, you can decide to purchase the API subscription or the direct download. You use the data for your software and we keep it actual.
Sources and process
Our data is obtained directly from authority sources to assure its accuracy.
Data included in Country Database
- Tax Id: Our internal code for the tax.
- Tax Name: Name of the tax code which explains what it is for.
- IATA tax code: The officially assigned tax code.
Sign up and test our data.
Timezone database
The timezone database contains a complete list of the standard time zones including the country and city. The time zones can be downloaded or connected to through API. This way the clients are confident that any additions will be included in the future, though rarely as that happens. Convenient together with other aviation industry related databases accessible with one API key or downloadable from one platform.
Sources and process
Based on the common standard of timezones used globally.
Data included in Timezone Database
- Location: Timezone based on City in continent, ISO-2 of related country
- Offsets: GMT and DST offset of timezone.
Sign up and test our data.
Try our services
Free API
Try our free API, sign up without any obligations.
If you already have your free API and want to upgrade, follow the button below.
Database download
Try our database samples without any obligations.
You can have a look at our broad range of data and choose to download it
Expand your data!
Examples
Booking page
Help your customers narrow down their selections with our up to date database for booking page API.
Autocomplete
The IATA and ICAO API can offer automatic suggestions while your customers fill in the fields.
Request our brochure for more examples or try our free API.
Airplane tracking
The ICAO and IATA API helps make your system to track flights on a global map and display any information of the flight.
Request our brochure for more examples or try our free API.
Statistical analysis
Find out about your competitors, maintain automatic reports using our data.
Request our brochure for more examples or try our free API.
Airport Timetables
Keep up to date on the status of all flights, airlines, and airports at all times.
Request our brochure for more examples or try our free API.
Get the Free API now!
Get our free API here or by clicking the button below. Fill in the basic form and test the power of our API with the free version. Consult our Premium page for our offers.