Awel Môr Luxury Apartments
Awel Môr is a collection of sea-facing luxury holiday apartments in Aberystwyth ideal for rejuvenation, relaxation and boasting views that are sure to lift your spirits. Our apartments are perfect for work, leisure or rest away from it all.
Always spotlessly clean and Covid secure, we have signed up to the national Good to Go scheme to ensure best practice and peace of mind for you.
Superfast wi-fi is available throughout with plenty of laptop-friendly space to work and stay connected. Longer stays are available and we take great pleasure in being able to offer that ‘home away from home’ comfort.
Each apartment looks out over the Irish Sea and offers spectacular views even on a rainy day. Guests love to sit in the bay windows witnessing the world go by, whether it’s watching the waves roll in, people going by on the promenade or snapping pictures of the spectacular sunsets. On clear sunny days you can see the Llŷn Peninsula of North Wales jutting out to sea with Bardsey Island at its tip. And don’t get us started on the starling murmurations in full swing by winter or the dolphins bobbing around in early summer!
We have three holiday apartments available: Awel Môr 1 is located on the ground floor, has one king bedroom and sofa bed. Awel Môr 3 is on the first floor, has one double bedroom and sofa bed. Awel Môr 7 is on the third floor and has three bedrooms: two doubles and a master room with super-king/twin beds and en-suite. They can be booked separately or (in usual times) together for larger groups. There is no lift, so stairs are the only way up in this Victorian property.
Located on Marine Terrace in the heart of Aberystwyth, Awel Môr is a surprisingly quiet spot so you will have no problem sleeping, especially after all that sea air. It’s a residential area and bedrooms are conveniently positioned away from the main street overlooking our rear courtyard.
Aberystwyth is a bustling cosmopolitan town and our apartments are a short walk from the many shops, restaurants, and bars to be explored. There is an array of food delivery services and lots of unusual local eateries and family-owned businesses to enjoy. Free on-street parking is available right outside - a mix of unrestricted bays and time-limited spaces. A full guide to the best places to park is sent out upon booking.
With fully equipped kitchens, you’ll have everything you need to cook and prepare food for those cosy evenings in or a quick lunch with a view. Living spaces and bedrooms are plush and chic, designed to feel like a piece of heaven. Self-catering is a pleasure at Awel Môr.
Enjoy a welcome hamper on arrival to get your stay off to a good start, including tea, coffee, milk, orange juice, snacks and a bottle of wine. Soft and sumptuous linens, towels and robes are supplied. You’ll find a full guidebook inside, with everything you need to know about your accommodation plus the local places to visit to help you make the most out of your stay.
The hosts live nearby and are on hand to help and assist during your stay if needed.
The cancellation policy has been reviewed in light of the pandemic. We now offer free cancellation with full refund or voucher exchange up to 5 days before arrival.
Cancellations that need to be made in less than 5 days before arrival are eligible for full value voucher or 50% refund.
Families are welcome, we can provide travel cots and highchairs on request.