Know you’re in control with MyAXA
View and download your policy documents, make payments and track a claim from start to finish. With MyAXA, everything you need is right at your fingertips.
Enjoy easy access to 24/7 emergency and claims helpline plus Accident Forgiveness as a part of your car insurance policy. With Accident Forgiveness you won’t lose your No Claims Discount just for having one accident.
Offer available to all customers who buy a second car policy from AXA. €100 is the average saving for customers from March to April 2019 based on AXA figures. Minimum premium of €332 applies. Policyholders must live at the same address. Policy terms and conditions apply.
Whether you’re a homeowner or a renter, our Home Insurance policies protect your home, contents, or both.
Ready to switch your farm insurance? With AXA Smart Farm you can customise your policy so you have everything you need, all in one place. We offer more choice, more cover and more value than any other policy in Ireland, providing cover for the way you farm today.
It doesn’t matter if you use your van for business or pleasure, you want to make sure it’s covered. Choose from our standard or premier Van Insurance to best suit your needs.
View and download your policy documents, make payments and track a claim from start to finish. With MyAXA, everything you need is right at your fingertips.
Our exciting new partnership with Cycling Ireland encourages you to get fit and active in your local community by joining one of our organised bike rides nationwide.
For over 10 years, we’ve been helping teens learn to respect the road, leading the way for a safer future.
Found out how you can get started on your journey with a range of discounts and savings on driving lessons and insurance.
Are your home, cars and van all insured with different companies? You can save when you bundle them all with us.
We pride ourselves on our exceptional customer service, and always strive to provide a great experience for our valued customers. Our customer reviews are independent and unbiased.Read customer reviews