for B2B marketers
- Growth-engine rocket fuel
- Hero status building strategies
- A powerline of ideas and insight
Over 200,000 marketers from across the globe use our resources to help transform their results.
Research and reports
Discover what the world's best B2B marketers are thinking and doing, then turn insight into game-changing results.
Events
Be part of the industry's leading annual events and get on top of the latest thinking and hottest topics.
Training and development
Expert, B2B-focused skills training for you and your team, including our ABM Head-Start programme.
Leaders Programme
A unique and stimulating environment for networking and ideas sharing with senior figures in the B2B space.
Solutions to your marketing challenges
How we've helped some of the world's leading B2B brands transform their marketing for even greater success
"Our relationship with B2B Marketing has been really fruitful: great training; brilliant B2B Leaders Forum... I'm looking forward to our longer-term relationship with them"
"Having access to best practice examples of theory in action and the opportunity to network with peers is invaluable. B2B Marketing brings our profession's news / trends / successes to life."
"B2B Marketing has helped us change the game. It’s like being given a shot of ideas and inspiration. And it’s all real life stuff that we can take away and deploy."
"Their really high-calibre reports provide valuable and usable insights. I'd recommend membership on the strengths of these resources alone.”
“It's refreshing to have content focused specifically on the B2B sector. I’ve have found the resources and events extremely beneficial in my current role."
"B2B Marketing membership is a time efficiency enabler. It's helped me keep abreast of new marketing techniques and learn from real-life industry best practices."
"B2B Marketing's research, reports, training and events are essential parts of our toolkit to drive marketing performance."
"From the quality of content, to takeaways from each event, I consider B2B Marketing a first call resource, while I've grown my network through their excellent events."
"Our relationship with B2B Marketing has been really fruitful: great training; brilliant B2B Leaders Forum... I'm looking forward to our longer-term relationship with them"
"Having access to best practice examples of theory in action and the opportunity to network with peers is invaluable. B2B Marketing brings our profession's news / trends / successes to life."
"B2B Marketing has helped us change the game. It’s like being given a shot of ideas and inspiration. And it’s all real life stuff that we can take away and deploy."
"Their really high-calibre reports provide valuable and usable insights. I'd recommend membership on the strengths of these resources alone.”
Just some of the B2B brands we help