Main Content
The Baby Sleep Site®
Get My Personalized Sleep Plan®
Baby Sleep Consultants and Toddler Sleep Experts
Helping You and Your Child Sleep - Sleep Help from The Baby Sleep Site®
At The Baby Sleep Site®, a good night's sleep for your entire family, is just a few clicks away. When your baby or toddler just won’t sleep through the night, consequently, everyone feels exhausted and frustrated. We work directly with you to take the confusion out of teaching your little one to sleep by creating a Personalized Sleep Plan® just for you. Above all, this is an individual, non-judgmental, and confidential sleep action plan that is designed specifically for your individual family. In other words, with the help of our experienced sleep coaches, restful nights are just around the corner. Most importantly, you are able to tap into 10+ years of sleep consulting experience to diagnose your sleep problems and get your family sleeping fast!
Why make sleep harder than it needs to be?Sometimes, it does indeed take a village to help baby sleep and to get some restful sleep yourself, so you can think of us as a virtual extension of your "village." First, here is just a glance at what it's like in this village:
- Our baby sleep coaching approach is built around your needs, your parenting style, and your child’s temperament.
- You choose the most effective way for us to work together. For example, email, phone, Skype, or online chat — we're there when and where it's most convenient for you.
- Certainly, baby and toddler sleep support should be as simple as getting health or nutritional help. That is why your individual coaching packages start at $139 and group options for as little as $69.
- Founded in 2008, The Baby Sleep Site® has worked with more parents than anyone else out there, delivering newsletters to 500,000 recipients, engaging over 100,000 moms on Facebook, and more than 40,000 in our Sleep Helpdesk. We welcome new faces to our village each and every day!
Ready to meet your baby sleep consultant?Yes, Let's Get Started!
Testimonial
From Sleep Struggles to Success, Hear Sophia’s Story.
"I really want to thank The Baby Sleep Site® for being an amazing resource of help, providing comfort and a solution. I have shared the site with many of my friends who have since had babies and are dealing with similar sleep issues. The more you talk about it, the more you realize that most babies have sleep problems! I really wanted to share my personal story with you because I didn't know there was a solution for me out there, and I hope this may help someone. We have recently transitioned to a toddler bed, and some issues are creeping back up again with our bedtime routines and night wakings. However, I am not worried about losing my mind, because I know exactly where to turn!"
Sophia, blogger at (formerly known as) Eenie Meenie BambiniRead More Parent Stories
Custom Sleep Help for Unique Babies
The ways you handle your baby or toddler's sleep challenges are as unique as you are. Therefore, there are several ways for us to work together and help your baby start sleeping better.
- If you prefer one-on-one sleep support, you can talk to one of our expert baby sleep consultants.
- Alternatively, you can create a custom Express Sleep Plan®, based on 10+ years of experience.
- Finally, get started with our Do It (Mostly) Yourself sleep coaching resources. This option is perfect for parents who feel confident about tackling sleep problems (mostly) on your own.
Why do we say "mostly" yourself?
You're never alone in our sleepy little village!
When you become a VIP member of The Baby Sleep Site® you become an instant VIP and can ask a question on any page in our VIP Members Area. In other words, think of it like being able to ask the author of a baby sleep book any question you have on any page of the book.
In addition, perhaps you'd like to join us in live chats with a senior sleep consultant in one of our weekly group sleep coaching options.
Furthermore, you can also read several case studies of other families similar to yours who have solved their baby or toddler's sleep problems or use the workbooks to make your own sleep plan, and more.
There's a lot you can do "mostly" on your own. For everything else, we're here for you!
You are not alone in your sleep struggles!
Millions of families worldwide visit The Baby Sleep Site® each month to find the baby or toddler sleep help they need. Whatever struggles you're facing, our team of trained baby sleep consultants crafts a holistic Personalized Sleep Plan® that’s guaranteed to help your baby or toddler.
Every month, millions of people visit our site and discover new information on how to help baby sleep. As a result, here are just a few things you might learn:
Baby Sleep Patterns and Information You Will Learn
- Infant sleep patterns and other baby sleep basics
- The best sleep training method for your baby or toddler
- How to avoid cry-it-out and find no cry sleep solutions
- The Dos and Don'ts of Cry-It-Out (CIO)
- How to stop co-sleeping or bed-sharing and transition to crib
- How to help your baby nap better or your toddler to nap at all
- Fixing early waking
- How to get a more predictable sleep schedule
- How feeding your baby impacts sleep
- How to make sure your baby falls asleep easier
- How to handle separation anxiety
For more than 10 years, we have helped parents solve a combination of many sleep problems. We take a practical, non-judgmental, holistic, baby-first, and always breastfeeding-friendly approach, so you can find the sleep solution that fits your parenting style.
Join us today and help your family find your sleep success!Learn More About Sleep Consulting Services
Testimonials
"I am the mother of a one year old that has struggled with sleep. I also happen to be a pediatrician and I recommend The Baby Sleep Site to all of my families who are struggling with sleep."
-Dr. Carolyn Nichols, Pediatrician, Long Beach, CA
"When my daughter hit the 10-month mark, I was so sleep deprived I could barely remember my own name. I was spending an average of 8 hours a day rocking her to sleep, and I was starting to feel more than a little sorry for myself. I had tried so many different sleep training techniques and strategies without success, but before I resigned myself to a lifetime without sleep, I decided to reach out to Nicole to see if she could help me. I had already learned so many fabulous tips and tricks from The Baby Sleep Site, and after reading about Nicole’s sleep struggles with her own son, I decided to take the plunge and purchase a personalized sleep plan. And I’m so glad I did. Nicole worked with me to come up with a solution that I was comfortable with, and was on the other end of my computer cheering me on every step of the way."
-Dani Ryan, Mountain View, Wyoming
Ready to have your own sleep success story?
Get Personalized Sleep Help Today!
Take the first step!
Meet Your Baby Sleep Experts
My name is Nicole Johnson and I am a married mother of two wonderful boys, as well as the Lead Baby Sleep Consultant and Owner of The Baby Sleep Site®.
When my eldest son was a baby, he had a lot of sleep problems. Over 10 years ago, by thoroughly researching the key literature and scientific reports, I became an expert in sleep methods, scheduling routines, baby’s development needs and more. I overcame my son’s sleeping issues in a way that matched my own parenting style, and knew it was my mission to create a village to help other parents like you “find their child’s sleep.”Meet My Sleep Consultants
How The Baby Sleep Site® is Different
Hello and Welcome to The Baby Sleep Site!
Hello! Thank you for stopping in to our sleepy little village.
The Baby Sleep Site® is filled with invaluable resources to help you and your baby or toddler get on the right sleep track, whether that means helping you to sleep through the night, get on a regular nap schedule, take long naps, wean off the breast/bottle or learn to set limits that reinforce good sleep habits.
After working with thousands of families, I know that one sleep solution or method just will NOT work for everyone. Consequently, that’s why my team and I work hard to get to know you and to offer only the most personalized recommendations and customized baby sleep consulting that addresses your family's individual needs and have been doing so for over 10 years, now.
Why personalized sleep help?
Personalized sleep consulting services allow us to get to know you one-on-one, so you can receive a Personalized Sleep Plan® – a detailed sleep action plan – and receive emotional support as you implement the plan.
Our sleep consultants have varied backgrounds in lactation, early intervention, counseling, and more. Furthermore, each of our sleep consultants undergoes more than 300 hours of training, using our proprietary training program, and continue to work with senior sleep consultants indefinitely.
When you and your child are losing sleep every night, and you don’t know what to do, it can be a very stressful and frustrating experience.
Just know that you are not alone!
I’ve been there, as have lots of other parents around the globe.
Don't let one more day go by without getting the sleep your family needs to thrive.
Babies can be happier.
Moms can be more patient.
Dads can be more fun.
Come and let's work together to develop a plan that will help your baby or toddler become a good sleeper and give you back your hope and confidence!
All the best,
Nicole Johnson
Not ready to get help from a baby sleep expert today? Peruse the many other resources available to you in order to help your family get on the road to better sleep. And, we will be here if/when you are ready for personal help! For now, learn more about your baby's sleep using this website as your guide.
Your Baby's Sleep At-a-Glance: Average Sleep Needs by AgeBabies need a lot of sleep! But, just how much you ask? While newborn babies sleep almost the entire day, they go through many changes in the first few years and will need a variable number of hours of sleep every day. Getting enough sleep is important for your baby's health, development, mood, and behavior. Although some babies are happy despite being sleep-deprived, many babies are irritable not to mention you, their parents! Most babies can sleep through the night by 6 months of age, but not all do. Check the chart of realistic sleep expectations below, based on recommendations from the American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) as well as 10+ years of experience, to see if your baby is getting enough sleep.
|Newborns
|9-10 hours nighttime sleep and 5-6 hours during the day broken into many fragments
|4 Months
|11-12 hours at night and 3-4 hours in 3-4 naps
|5 Months
|11-12 hours at night and 3-3.5 hours in 3, sometimes 4, naps
|6 Months
|11-12 hours nighttime sleep and 2-3 hours in 2-3 naps
|7 Months
|11-12 hours at night and 2-3 hours in 2-3 naps
|8 Months
|11-12 hours at night and 2-3 hours in 2, sometimes 3, naps
|9 Months
|11-12 hours at night and 2-3 hours in 2 naps
|10 Months
|11-12 hours at night and 2-3 hours in 2 naps
|11 Months
|10-12 hours at night and 2-3 hours in 2 naps
|12 Months
|10-12 hours at night and 2-3 hours in 2 naps
|Toddlers
|10-12 hours at night and 2-3 hours in 1-2 naps, depending on age
|Preschoolers (3-5 years)
|9-10 hours of sleep in 0-1 nap
Sample Feeding and Sleep SchedulesLooking for sample sleep schedules? All of our schedules are free, breastfeeding-friendly and practical. Not all babies sleep well day and night without some coaching on our part. They often wake up between sleep cycles. And, one of the first things you can do is get your baby on a good sleep schedule or routine.
Most Common Baby Sleep Problems by Age
Newborns
- Newborns - The most common concerns we get from parents of newborns are how to reduce the risk of SIDS, sleep safety, how to fix day/night confusion, and when you can put your baby on a schedule. If you haven't already, consider downloading our free e-Book, 15 Baby Sleep Facts New Parents Need to Know, today!
- 2-3 Month Olds - Your 2-month-old is still becoming more aware of the world and you may be wondering when he or she will stay awake longer during the day. Have no fear, that will begin soon! At this age, we hear from parents that your baby may not want to be laid down flat or won't sleep in the bedside bassinet. Therefore, you may be interested in our 2-3 Month Old Guide here.
Babies
- 4 Month Olds - At 4 months, sleep is still organizing while your baby is consolidating sleep periods. Therefore, the primary concerns from parents tend to be related to too many naps, often short naps, or babies who only sleep in your arms or on your chest. This is also the point your baby's sleep changes fundamentally with the 4-month sleep regression.
- 5 Month Olds - Your 5 month old will likely be sleeping in longer stretches at night. For some of you, that might mean 5-6 hours while others may even have your baby sleeping through the night. However, we often hear about babies waking every 1-2 hours all night at this age and/or taking short naps. If this is the case for you, this would be a great time to download our free e-Book 5 Ways to Help Your Child Sleep Through the Night, if you haven't already.
- 6 Month Olds - Around this age, many parents are eager to put their baby on a schedule if the baby hasn't naturally put themself on one, yet. Between short naps and unpredictable days, some parents are feeling fairly frustrated by this age. If you haven't already, be sure to pick up your free e-Book, 7 Common Napping Mistakes, today!
- 7 and 8 Month Olds In this age range, 7 and 8 month old babies have learned about object permanence which means they may be exhibiting separation anxiety (get upset when you leave the room). When it comes to sleep, these babies may begin skipping their third nap which can lead to some sleep disruption and we have many parents asking about night-weaning. You probably want to read about 3 Signs It May Be Time For Night-Weaning Your Baby.
Older Babies
- 9 and 10 Month Olds - This age is so fun when your 9 or 10 month old is becoming more mobile, often learning to sit up, stand up, cruise furniture, and some even begin walking! This is super fun but super disruptive to sleep most of the time. Read more about the 8-9-10 Month Old Sleep Regression to make sure you know what's going on.
- 11 and 12 Month Olds The most common question we get about 11 and 12 month olds is whether it's time to transition to one nap. And, the answer is "no" most of the time. The average age to transition to one nap is around 15-18 months old. Is your baby skipping one of their naps? Read Why Not All 12 Month Olds Transition to One Nap today, so you are prepared.
- 13 and 14 Month Olds At this age, most parents are having a lot of fun with their toddler who may be saying a few words and walking around the house. However, sleep-wise, the most common complaint is their toddler is still not sleeping through the night and/or they are still seeing short naps. Read about the 4 Top Toddler Sleep Questions today to learn more about your toddler.
Toddlers
- 15 and 16 Month Olds - This is a very common age to transitiion to one nap if your toddler hasn't done so, already. Unfortunately, this transition can be a difficult one. Check out the Ultimate Toddler Nap Guide to answer your pressing toddler nap questions.
- 17 and 18 Month Olds - What is the most common complaint about 17 and 18 month olds? You guessed it - another sleep regression! At 18 months old, we often hear about toddlers waking at night again and skipping some naps or taking short naps, AGAIN! It can feel like the newborn days all over again. Read more about the 18-month sleep regression.
- 19 to 23 Month Olds - This age range is often the best sleep for those of you who solved sleep problems earlier. We still hear about toddlers waking at night or having nap problems in this age range, but it's often related to an issue that has gone unresolved for quite some time. If you haven't already, now would be a good time to download Toddler Sleep Secrets, one of our free e-Books.
- 2 Year Olds - Whether your 2 year old was an amazing sleeper as a baby or had a lot of sleep problems, 2 year olds come with a new host of sleep challenges to solve. Learn 5 Things You Need to Know About Your 2 Year Old's Sleep.
Preschoolers
- 3-5 Year Olds - Preschoolers are generally good sleepers, except we often hear from parents about late bedtimes, early waking, needing a parent in the room as the fall asleep, and sometimes nighttime fears. We also help some families transition their child to their own bed and room after co-sleeping for quite some time. This is also a common age to drop their nap. You may be interested in learning 3 Signs Your Toddler Is Ready to Stop Napping.
Frequently Asked Questions
How long should a baby sleep?Newborns sleep 14-16 hours per day for 1-3 hours at a time. 4 to 6-month-olds sleep 11-12 hours at night and 3-4 hours during the day. 7 to 18-month-olds sleep 10-12 hours at night and 2-3 hours during the day.
Is my newborn sleeping too much?Unless your baby literally never wakes up, not even to eat, there is most likely no reason to worry your baby is sleeping too much. In the first few weeks, it’s also very common for you to need to wake your baby every 2-3 hours to ensure he eats, and he may go right back to sleep afterward. It is very typical for newborns to sleep anywhere from 14 to 18 hours a day, on average. If your baby is sleeping too much during the day but wants to party at night, she most likely has her days and nights confused.
Why is my baby sleeping more than usual?There are 3 primary reasons your baby may be sleeping more than usual: Growth spurt, teething, or illness. Read more here.
How can you get your baby to sleep through the night?There are many reasons why a baby is waking up excessively at night. Learn 5 Ways to Help Your Baby Sleep Through the Night.
Review more of our FREE resources here
Looking into how to help your baby or toddler sleep through the night? Sign up for our free e-Book, 5 Ways to Help Your Child Sleep Through the Night! Over half a million parents have done so before you.