Protect Yourself & Your Business with the #1 Criminal Conviction Database in the Country*
Search 650 million records for convictions & past aliases. Access driving records, credit reports, resume verification, drug screening and more.
With access to over 650 million records and 1,000+ sources, you'll have access to the #1 criminal conviction database in the screening industry
Direct court searches in every county & federal district in all the 50 US states
County, state & federal court records, offender registries & government and terrorist watch lists
Criminal records in our database
backgroundchecks.com is constantly working to improve and update our criminal records database.
However, electronic access to court records is not always possible and we can't guarantee the database is 100% up-to-date all the time. It can take time for new & updated charges, verdicts. sentencing etc to make its way through the court records systems.
This is why a direct courthouse search is the only guaranteed way to bring back the most up to date records in any given jurisdiction.
We have a nationwide network of experienced criminal record researchers who know the local, state and federal courthouses and court clerks and actually go on site to retrieve the criminal records you are searching for.
A federal criminal search is conducted by ordering searches of records at a particular US District Court for crimes that are federally prosecuted.
A statewide search may yield information from multiple counties in a given state, useful for discovering crimes outside of the immediate area in which the requested subject lives or works.
Since local law enforcement report felony and misdemeanor charges to county court houses, county criminal record searches are one of the most powerful sources for uncovering criminal records.
Revoked license, accidents, traffic violations.
Single source screening and drug testing solution
Confirm past employment and job position
Credit report from one credit bureau. Does not include credit scores
Contact and verify personal references
Full search for any bankruptcy recorded in any US bankruptcy court
Confirm instituation & degrees earned
Civil claims, suites and judgments
Verify license/certification, issue and expiration date
Civil claims, suites and judgments involving the federal government
Hire faster. Instantly search 650 million criminal records from all 50 states.
A direct courthouse search is the only way to ensure 100% coverage of all publicly available criminal conviction records
Access driving records, credit reports, resume verification, drug screening and more.
backgroundchecks.com runs...
Our criminal database with criminal records offers you the #1 criminal conviction database in the industry*. Other firms might give you information that is a mile deep but only an inch wide when you order a background check. At backgroundchecks.com our cost-effective database search options offer your organization the best way to instantly expand your coverage with a better chance of finding any criminal record information on your subject.
US AliasSEARCH — A search of our database for the primary and other names (such as maiden names, previously married names, middle names used as first names, nicknames and aliases) found in a name and address history.
US OneSEARCH — A search of our proprietary criminal database that contains over 650 million criminal conviction records.
We’ll help you choose the most appropriate courthouses. As soon as you enter the subject's social security number, we will in real time and at no charge to you run a name and address history search behind the scenes and recommend what county, state and federal jurisdictions you should consider ordering based on the last seven years of your subject’s address history.
County-level criminal record search Most felony and misdemeanor cases are filed in county courts, so county criminal record searches are one of the most powerful sources for uncovering criminal records.
Federal level criminal record search A federal criminal search is conducted by ordering individual US District Court indices in much the same way as a county criminal history. Crimes reported in a federal criminal record include only those offenses that are federally prosecuted (violations of federal law as enforced by the FBI, DEA, ATF) as opposed to local and state law. Federal criminal records are not available at the county or state level.
Besides the search for criminal records, some organizations complement a background check with other searches to judge how the subject's vehicle use and financial history might affect the subject's suitability for the organization.
US OneTRACE
The US OneTRACE search provides a name and address history based upon the social security number, first and last name. The report returns all names and addresses associated with the given SSN.
Driving Record
A driving record or motor vehicle report covers driving records both commercial (CDL) and non-commercial (non-CDL) driving records in any of the 50 states or DC, providing instant results where available. These reports can include records that indicate a revoked license, accidents, and minor traffic violations.
Drug Screening
Our industry-leading online report ordering and retrieval system offers a single-source background screening and drug testing solution.
County Civil Search
Civil history records provide information about claims, suits and judgments filed by or against the subject.
Federal Civil Search Federal civil records are searched at an appropriate US District Court. Cases are typically related to interstate commerce, violations of civil rights, issues involving the Federal government, financial institutions, etc..
Credit Report
Credit report from one of the credit bureaus includes public records, collection accounts, current or previous delinquent accounts, and total indebtedness. Credit reports do not include credit scores and are for employment purposes ONLY.
Bankruptcy Report
A search for any bankruptcy associated with an applicant that is recorded in any US bankruptcy court. The information returned may include: case or file number, date filed, type of bankruptcy (i.e. Chapter 11, Chapter 7, etc.), discharge dates and names listed as petitioners.
Some roles carry a level of responsibility and have the ability to impact the organization to such an extent that the organization should positively verify the claims that a subject makes about their education or work history.
Employment Verification
An employment verification check employers' records during an individual's stated period of employment. Information confirmed includes dates of employment, and job position, and may include reason for leaving.
Reference Verification
A reference check is designed to confirm personal qualities such as dependability, integrity, and character through contact with business and personal references. A reference check is typically an 'investigative report' under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
Education Verification
An education verification confirms a subject's education, including verification of dates attended and degrees earned and possibly information such as honors earned.
Professional License Verification
Based on the information provided, we contact the appropriate licensing agency and verify the type of license or certification and date of issuance and, if applicable, expiration, as well as any available comments, honors, or actions related to the certification or license.
backgroundchecks.com works behind the scenes with hundreds of consumer reporting agencies, transferring our criminal data through a web services gateway. This allows background screeners to clear thousands of people every day without ever touching the report. Our portfolio includes some of the largest background screening companies and we continue to meet the expectations of their growing business.
Learn more about becoming a reseller
With more locales putting a spotlight on housing availability and the way that landlords operate, new rules and regulations are increasingly common. For landlords, it's a concerning change in operations.