MAP: Entire Bali - or click on Areas on the Map
Best Luxury Villas
5 Star Villa Resorts
Cheap & Great
There is no other place like Bali in this world. The Island of the Gods offers great beaches, countless waves for surfing and wonderful natural sites to visit and explore, colorful ceremonies, and gifted artists. There is an unbelievably wide range of hotels, resorts and villas, restaurants & bars, spas and not to forget:world-class activities and shopping in Bali - all within close distance and at very fair prices.
Bali is famous for a very high value-for-money-ratio, which allows traveler to enjoy and afford the wonder of this island, regardless of their budget. Choose from basic home-stays run by friendly Balinese families, and 5star beach resorts or luxurious, or privately-serviced Bali villas with your private pool.
But, Bali is much more than that!. There is a special vibe, an essence, something authentic that is difficult to describe, which has touched and inspired visitors from all over the world since decades. It has something to do with the Balinese themselves and their warm and welcoming character. You have to experience it to believe it. Bali is truly magical, it allows you to be who you want to be.
Whatever your expectations and desires, they all can be more than fulfilled. Bali is regularly rated one of the Top 10 tropical holiday destinations of the world. However, Bali is not straight forward. It is diverse, complex and sometimes unpredictable and fall short on your expectations if you don't know some basic rules.
The island is a vibrant, dynamic organism which is home to 4mio Indonesians and a few thousand expats living and making a living here. Bali is a "real place", with real people. Although one can find the most luxurious resorts, pristine beaches, best cuisines, and coconut trees on Bali, it is not like the Maldives or Bahamas, where everything is streamlined to the standards of global tourism and where Tourism Managers have invented concepts to provide "predictable surprises" for tourists. On Bali one can get lost in the variety of things to do.
Bali.com will help you to understand Bali and make it accessible to you. Take some time out to read and inform yourself in order to make the best choices on what to see and do, where to sleep, eat, drink, party, relax, indulge, surf - whatever your plans and budget.
Do you own or manage a restaurant, bar, club, café? An activity like a zoo, surf school, water sports centre, scuba centre. A spa or yoga school? Then get your business listed on Bali.com - Bali's no. 1 website and online business listing. More than 2.5mio visitors every year are looking for information on what to do, where do it and where to stay on Bali.com. Get listed for free as BASIC or upgrade to PREMIUM. Make your business shine online.