In partnership with parents and schools:
- 3.6 million children protected.
- 16 school shootings prevented.
- 20 thousand severe self-harm situations detected.
The Smart Way to
Keep Kids Safer Online
Bark's affordable, award-winning service proactively monitors text messages, YouTube, emails, and 24 different social networks for potential safety concerns, so busy parents can save time and gain peace of mind.
Featured In:
Your Affordable, Minimally Invasive Way to Keep Tabs on Your Child’s Online Activity
Bark monitors your child’s text messages, YouTube activity, emails, and 24+ different social networks for potential safety concerns. If our smart AI detects something suspicious or potentially harmful, you’ll instantly get an alert so you can talk with your child.
Bark works on iOS, Android, and Amazon mobile devices
Bark Covers 4x More Than Other Monitoring Apps
Bark monitors text messaging, YouTube, email, and social media platforms and apps — 4x more than any other child monitoring app. From Instagram to SnapChat to DMs, there’s no limit on the number of apps or accounts you can connect.
Social Media Monitoring
Bark tracks conversations and content on Snapchat, Instagram, YouTube, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, GroupMe, and more.
Text Monitoring
Bark works with iOS and Android to search through texts, photos, and videos for concerning interactions.
Email Monitoring
Monitor emails from Gmail, Outlook, Hotmail, Yahoo, Comcast, and AOL for harmful content.
24/7 Detection
Bark looks for activity that may indicate online predators, adult content, sexting, cyberbullying, drug use, suicidal thoughts, and more.
Parental Alerts
Get automatic alerts when Bark detects potential issues, along with expert recommendations from child psychologists for addressing them.
Save Time, Build Trust
Bark saves you from manually monitoring your child's activities, respecting your time and your child's privacy by only surfacing potential concerns.
How It Works<div class="row aos-init" data-aos="zoom-out" ,="" data-aos-once="true" data-aos-duration="700" data-original-title="" title="">
Bark automatically monitors your child
Connect to 24 platforms to monitor text messages, emails, and social activity for signs of harmful interactions and content. Click here for an overview of what Bark monitors.
Bark alerts you to potential risk
Get automatic alerts via email and text when Bark’s algorithms detect potential risks, so you don’t have to comb through every post and text.
Bark helps you solve or course-correct
Our expert recommendations make it easy for parents to talk to kids about digital dangers and other sensitive online issues.