Black Desert Tools
I love some of the tools and guides out there for BDO but I often feel they are lacking or difficult to use. This is my attempt to provide the community what I find you and I wanting. Please email me at dae@bdodae.com if you have any ideas or notice any errors.
I've had real life things (good things) come up that have put the website and BDO on the backburner. I apologize for not being able to update it, I know a lot has changed. Working on bdodae was a blast and I hope to get back at it! Thank you for all the kind words and I hope the community is doing great.
Drieghan content added. Node yields and everything should be in. Let me know if you guys notice anything missing or wrong.
Took me a while but hopefully you guys like it. All kinds of new stuff from value pack/server account settings, better tracking of procs/rates, byproducts, to ease of life things like item/node info popups. New calculator layout may take a bit to get used to, email me or message me on discord Daenon#2747 if you have any questions. Also, I'd love to see everyone get involved with the shareable custom recipes! I basically reworked the entire database and calculator so bugs will surely arise, please fill out the Report Error form (link in footer) if you find anything. Enjoy!
Finally finished adding in production recipes.. there were a lot... sigh. Also put in a crate trade profit calculator. Make sure you put your trade level in your account settings to make it permanent. Each trade item will keep unique trade bonuses.Production Recipes...
Added all the island's fish drying yards. Don't know if I'll gather yield data on every subnode because they take forever.. but still need to get better measurements on stuff like oyster/shrimp/octopus/rare fish. Also adding in production items, but there's a lot so bear with me.
You can now create your own custom recipes for items. Subtract/add ingredient counts, or select a specific ingredient for ingredient groups. For example, you could select special wheat for grain. I'll add more grouped item options as I come across them.
Added a timer for marketplace or for anything if you have terrible memory like me.
Added island nodes. Will add fish drying yards when I have a little bit more data on their yields.
Added in rare procs and utensil costs to the calculator.
Item weights and some weight calculations added. Set up your inventory weight in settings and you have some new options for recipe calculation counts. As I do not have rare recipe procs added in yet, max result count is not completely accurate yet.
Added Fadus and Fafu workers to Kamasylvia nodes and a worker stat breakdown in the nodes overview section.
*Wipes sweat from forehead* This was a fun one. Tons of stuff has changed, so you can figure most of it out on your own. Main stuff: Data is now stored in a database meaning you can have/share multiple node setups, change workers and home cities per node, etc. Kama nodes and items, processing items added. This also means if you're not logged in, the data you enter will only be stored as long as you leave web browser open.
Did some tweaking/feature adding to node manager. The main node page can now add or remove all nodes at once instead of one at a time. The save button at the top now submits forms and saves changes. Bookingmarking/sharing nodes is now located in values. Added a temporary worker calculation to individual nodes with presets/custom stats. You can also view work time by a single worktime or by full stamina consumption. All of Valencia's yield data is finally finished! I think that's it. Probably not.Node Manager...
Been working on this for a long time.. Partially because it was a lot of data gathering, but also because I wanted to spend some time actually playing the game. The overall idea is to be able to find values of routes of nodes, which I find more valuable than just individual nodes. But, you can find all kinds of other info/data. Also a little overhaul of the website to tie it all together.Node Manager...
Got a lot of good feedback from reddit and made some changes in addition to adding the Alchemy Calculator. Also added customizable sub-ingredients/processed ingredients per craft, node sources, and more to come.Alchemy Calculator...
Starting Black Desert I immediately got into life skills. First thing I noticed were all the cooking calculators didn't quite cut it. They were either limited in function or not easy to use. So naturally, my first addition is a cooking calculator.Cooking Calculator...