Use Beacon to create professional lead magnets and convert more website traffic into leads.Make Your Lead Magnet
While most people who visit your website have the potential to become customers, most of them won't. This isn’t because they hate you, it’s because the internet is a big place and people are easily distracted.
If you can get someone's email address when they first visit your site then you can stay in touch with them even after they leave. That's where lead magnets come in.
Lead magnets reward people for sharing their email address. This helps you to turn more random visitors into qualified leads so you can grow your business.
Beacon helps you to create and share lead magnets.
"When we use Beacon to create lead magnets, our conversion rates for blog posts increases from 0-3% to 5-10%"
Low Conversion Rate
In this example there is no compelling reason for a website visitor to enter their email address. As a result, most people will ignore this popup form.
High Conversion Rate
In this example the playbook is a lead magnet, it acts as an incentive to encourage casual visitors to share their email address.
Lead magnets can improve conversion rates by as much as 785%
Lead magnets help generate more leads from the same number of website visitors.
Educate prospective customers and position yourself in front of competitors..
1
Our drag and drop editor was designed with ease of use in mind. Add and remove elements at the touch of a button so you can make sure our templates suit your needs.
Get started instantly with professional templates that you can customise to suit your brand. Professional quality without the professional price tag.
You can automatically convert your blog posts into the lead magnet format. Enter the URL of your chosen blog post and Beacon does the rest.
2
Your call to action is embedded in a blog post. When people click the trigger a popup will appear so they can enter their contact details and receive the lead magnet via email.
No website required. Just share your lead magnet with a single link. People will have to enter their email address before they can read it.
We integrate with the most popular blogging and email marketing platforms so you can keep your existing workflows in place. You can also export contacts as a .csv file.
"Being able to use posts as my lead magnet saves me all the time of re-writing and packaging everything (I hate that part)! But the design part is actually where I'm saving HOURS. Not having to create a template (while fun for me) is a huge time suck."
"We use Beacon weekly for lead magnets. You guys really save us 2-3 hours every week - that's 60-70 hours a year!"
"We use Beacon for top-of-the-funnel eBooks and guides wherever possible. Since it is easy to use, we can create an eBook within hours, instead of days - significantly cutting down the time and money spent on developing premium content."
Hundreds of professionally designed templates ready for you to customize.
Wether you need an eBook or a Checklist, a Resource Guide or a Workbook, we have templates for every scenario.
eBook
Checklist
Resource Guide
Workbook
Video LookBook
Create Your Own
Beacon integrates directly with the tools you are already using.
Beacon is completely free to use, in fact - you don’t even need to enter your email address to try it.Create A Lead Magnet
Go ahead and check your inbox to find the first lesson of your email course, Everything You Need to Know About Lead Magnets