Finishing Touches
New from TierraCast
An ombre palette of plums and pinks embellishes these Centerline earrings using the Miyuki Delica 11/0 Marooned bead mix. The design frames a lush ...View full details
Celebrate the season and customize your style with interchangeable European large hole beads. This bracelet features an Autumn themed assortment in...View full details
A soothing mix of purples and blues are woven using Czech glass 2-hole SuperDuos, Miyuki round seed beads, and Cymbal components. The beaded focal ...View full details
Sea foam tones and silver accents create a tropical effect in these bead woven earrings. The fanned design is created using 2-hole Czech glass Supe...View full details
Shop our Brick Stitch 101 Collection and watch our free beading class and Q&A all about brick stitch! Learn more » Free Brick Stitch Beading Weaving Patterns: Brick stitch is a strong basic stitch with lots of versatility. Finished pieces...
Welcome to Beadaholique! If you're new to jewelry making, this should be your first stop before exploring our other techniques and guides, which include valuable "bead-ucation" resource pages such as Stringing 101, Bead Weaving 101 and more. Read on and...
Learn about kumihimo with our free tutorials and instructional videos, then pick up some kumihimo supplies and try this fun and rewarding technique for yourself. What is Kumihimo? Kumihimo is an ancient Japanese form of braiding using multiple strands of...
A Cellini spiral of fall colors becomes a seamless bead woven bangle with an array of rich Toho Seed Beads.
A set of brick stitch charms in classic Halloween figures will keep your style fresh all October long. By adding slim jump rings, these can easily...View full details
A touch of sparkle elevates this delicate skull charm chain for a classy, yet spooky design.
Make six pairs of colorful sugar skull earrings featuring Swarovski Crystal Bicone beads for a touch of sparkle and glam.
11/0 (2.1mm) seed beads in color "Galvanized Starlight" (Color Code: #PF557). Galvanized Starlight color beads in a permanent finish. Toho's preci...View full details
Miyuki Delica beads are known for their perfect tube shape and extreme uniformity. Their perfect tubular shape and large hole size to bead size ra...View full details
Bright and sleek gold plated beads with a curved noodle shape. These elegant tube beads are great for necklaces, bracelets, and more. Measurement...View full details
Miyuki Delica beads are known for their perfect tube shape and extreme uniformity. Their perfect tubular shape and large hole size to bead size ra...View full details
These French style earring hooks are great for a variety of styles and aesthetics. Attach small dangles or charms for a simple pair of earrings. ...View full details
Vintage gold toned crystal rivoli drop pendant link. Crystal color lucite rivoli set in a gold toned base metal setting. Lucite plastic is a cos...View full details
These 6mm jump rings have already been soldered closed for you. The perfect size for terminating necklaces, bracelets and anklets strung on bead...View full details
Vintage gold toned topaz rivoli drop pendants. Topaz color lucite rivoli set in a gold toned base metal setting. Lucite plastic is a cost-effect...View full details