You pre-order
Browse our ever growing catalogue and order any products you like. We focus on timeless and versatile designs. There will always be a perfect shoe for you.
Looking your best shouldn’t cost a fortune. We’ve created a way for you to get handmade, high-quality shoes at a reasonable price.
Browse our ever growing catalogue and order any products you like. We focus on timeless and versatile designs. There will always be a perfect shoe for you.
We receive your order and craft it with the utmost care. We send you updates about the production process. You’ll get years of quality and see how your shoes come to life.
Once your products are ready they are shipped straight to your door. We bypass middlemen and retail stores. Saving money and getting high quality is that simple.
We believe value shouldn’t come at the expense of human dignity.
Great products should be beautiful and priced fairly, but also responsibly made.
Our products are crafted to order in small batches and shipped directly to you. There’s never unsold inventory, no middlemen or high markups to cover costs. The result? High quality products at a fraction of the traditional retail price. All these savings are passed on to you. Win-win.View The Philosophy
We want your experience to be risk-free. That’s why we offer you free shipping, free returns, and free exchanges in the contiguous US.
If your product is not what you expected just send it back (for free) in unworn condition and we’ll refund 100% of your order.
We craft our own products so we know exactly what goes into them. We’re happy to offer you a 1-year warranty against defects.
We use SSL security and safely process orders through Braintree for all major credit cards. We also accept PayPal and Amazon Pay.
“Walk in these for style that comes with an unbeatable price tag”
“Walk in these for style that comes with an unbeatable price tag”
Oops! You reached the end of this page. If you couldn’t find what you were looking for please let us know - we’re happy to help.