All you need to manage one or hundreds of properties. From €9.90/month. Mobile friendly. Multi-language.
Beds24 offers a powerful and flexible cloud software which can be customised to suit the needs of any accommodation or property manager.
Keep inventory automatically up to date on multiple distribution channels. Maximise reservations. Avoid double bookings. Manage all OTAs using one system.
A front-desk system with all the tools you need to manage your bookings, rates, inventory and guests. Access from anywhere via computer, tablet or smartphone.
Show availability online and enable guests to book directly. Increase your revenue with commission-free online bookings. System integrates seamlessly with your own website.
Secure and automated payment collection from guests. Directly collect payment when guests book. Automatically send payment requests to guests.
...It’s been 4 years since we started using Beds24 and it’s property management system made our day to day activities a lot easier while drastically reducing the workload (probably reduced 3-4h of work a day)...
Gordana, apartments barcelona city
...It has a huge range of features that are continually being updated and every time I think 'wouldn't it be great if it could do...' I discover that it either already can, or they can find a way to make it happen...
Martin Page, Finca Son Jorbo
... After trying many software and experiencing controversial results we now have a great booking system which delivers exactly what it promises and it is constantly updating with new interesting features. Beds24 offers a degree of flexibility and adaptability that is really hard to find .... We highly recommend Beds24, give it a chance and you will not regret it...
Stefano Greco, Relocabroad
...The flexibility and the technical possibilities of Beds24 are simply terrific. With Beds24 even complicated wishes and processes can be achieved...support is extraordinay... we can highly recommend Beds24 to any accommodation business...
Markus Harnau, mönchgut living&spa
More testimonials
...It’s been 4 years since we started using Beds24 and it’s property management system made our day to day activities a lot easier while drastically reducing the workload (probably reduced 3-4h of work a day)...
Gordana, apartments barcelona city
...The flexibility and the technical possibilities of Beds24 are simply terrific. With Beds24 even complicated wishes and processes can be achieved...support is extraordinay... we can highly recommend Beds24 to any accommodation business...
Markus Harnau, mönchgut living&spa
More testimonials
Whatever type of property you have - Beds24 has the tools for you.
Is It Better To Have a Revenue Manager or Revenue Management Software?
Guest blog by our integration partner RoomPriceGenie The robots are coming! They’re taking over! No job is safe! That’s the hype we keep hearing, and revenue-management software companies definitely want you to believe that a computer is better than a human. But is it true?...read more
Interface with eDreams Odigeo / Opodo
The interface allows you to automatically update prices and inventory to eDreams Odigeo and import bookings into Beds24.
SCA compliant payment collection
Our connection with Stripe Payment Gateway and our payment requests allow PSD2 compliant payment collection.
Create properties on Booking.com and start new accounts on Booking.com from Beds24
Our new integration with Booking.coms content API allows to onboard new properties on Booking.com directly from Beds24 without having to enter your data in Booking.com and to create new Booking.com accounts directly from Beds24.
Start taking commission-free online bookings today. Test accounts are fully functioning. No credit card required.