Create beautiful emails, fast.
BEE is the easiest, quickest way to design elegant, mobile responsive emails. Discover why over 1,000,000 people have used our email editor.START DESIGNING
BEE is the easiest, quickest way to design elegant, mobile responsive emails. Discover why over 1,000,000 people have used our email editor.START DESIGNING
To try the editor
Build an email, free & fast.
Drag & drop email creation. No signup required. Jump right in.
For freelancers, teams & agencies
Save, edit, search, organize.
Cut down on email production time & cost. Collaborate more. Have fun.
For web apps
Embed BEE in your web app
Save development time & cost. Give your customers an editor they'll love.
Start with a blank canvas to build your email from scratch
or kickstart your design process with one of our ready-to-go email templates.
START DESIGNING
“I love the vast variety of templates that BEE offers to help launch your project fast! I have found a template for almost every need my business has had. Their easy to use drag and drop design tools make it super simple and efficient to put together an email with limited time. I for one, am not the best designer, but with BEE I look like a pro!”
Michael B. - Validated ReviewerTRY THE EDITOR
“We have several email marketers on our team that are not advanced in html coding but need the ability to create templates for our sites and emails without bogging down the Digital and Design teams with daily projects. BEE has been a fantastic solution to allow them to work in a sophisticated template creator and subsequently import the coding into our ESP.”
User in Publishing - Validated ReviewerDISCOVER BEE PRO
“There is a template for virtually any reason/use and they are designed to get high open/click rates. Since using BEE we have seen our email opens move from 5% to over 20% - with our best performing email last year getting a 70% open rate. I highly recommend BEE to any marketer looking to find a quick, cost-effective, and easy solution to building beautiful HTML based emails.”
Ellen M. - Validated ReviewerDISCOVER BEE PRO
“Super easy to use and implement. Even able to train other staff very easily to update newsletters and export to our mass email program. I like it because salesforce has a useless basic mass email template creator, so I use Beefree instead and just drop the html in. Also, Beefree's auto-save is legit the best. Unbeatable. Price for an on-top solution is totally worth it.”
Validated ReviewerDISCOVER BEE PLUGIN
Join 20,000 email designers and marketers that regularly visit our email design blog to get inspired, learn new BEE tricks, & keep you up to date on cool email design trends.CHECK OUT THE BLOG
We've helped over 1M people design beautiful emails quickly & easily here at beefree.io and in applications such as...