Learn Church Audio Artistry | Church Sound
Prevent feedback, develop awesome mixing skills, and create a beautiful sound.Get Started Today
We cover all aspects of mixing a church service, from mixing monitors to mixing a full band. You learn the basics of audio production all the way to advanced topics like vocal effects and compression. You even find out how to get the spoken word to sound great.
Access our online community where thousands of church audio engineers ask questions, get answers, celebrate successes, and enjoy being part of our world wide tech team. Topics range from mixing questions to gear selection to even dealing with difficult personalities.
Learn how to buy the right gear for your situation and learn about new gear on the market. We know most people aren't working on state-of-the-art mixers, so we help you use what you have. You also learn how gear works and mistakes to avoid when using it.
Get help in all areas of church audio production.
Are you new to church audio? Grab this detailed checklist and find out everything to do during the soundcheck to practically guarantee a successful audio production.Download Now
Want to create great sounding vocals? Get this checklist and discover the steps to take so the lead vocal pops out in the mix. Plus, see the tips on setting reverb.Download Now
Are you confident in your equipment? Would you like to know what gear is hurting the production? Get this checklist and find out how your gear rates and what do to about it.Download Now
I wanted to let you know how much I gain each time I receive your articles…Thanks for all you do to keep the insights and instructions coming.
Chris brings a ton of wisdom without the attitude that some tech veterans have. A heart for the church, skill to equip others, and a long history of generously sharing his knowledge, this is a must-subscribe podcast for any church tech!
Just finished a review of Mixing vocals by @behindthemixer this is an amazing resource for sound techs. Make sure you get a copy on release.
Catch the Weekly Podcast for Mixing Tips, Gear Updates, and Interviews
Improve Your Level of Church Audio Artistry.
Grab the FREE 2-page checklist for a massively more productive soundcheck. Includes everything from stage work to mixing (and even important communications)! Plus, get the mini-course on how to use it.
Grab the FREE detailed 27-Point 2-page vocal mixing checklist for vocals that stand out in the mix, fit within the music mix, and give the singers exactly what they need in their monitors.
Grab the FREE 24-point multi-page checklist to identify exactly what's holding you back and the next steps to take. It covers stuff most people overlook that makes a big difference in the end.
Grab the FREE 2-page checklist for a massively more productive soundcheck. Includes everything from stage work to mixing (and even important communications)! Also find out what you need to do days before the service.