"The wood is outstanding! All aspects of the purchase, ordering, pre-ship customer service (proactive ..." - John (more)
.
Located in Northern Michigan, we are in the center of Birdseye Maple Country. Each week local loggers harvest Birdseye Maple and Curly Maple (Tiger Maple) trees and bring them to area log bids. We regularly visit these bids to choose the best logs available. Once the auction has finished, the logs are delivered to our sawmill located one-half mile from our warehouse. We mill up the Birdseye Maple and Curly Maple (Tiger Maple) into lumber and then stack it into one of our dehumidification kilns, where it stays for about one month, until dry.Birdseye Maple Curly Maple (Tiger Maple)
Cue Builders, Bowl & Pen Turners, Bowyers, Game Call Makers, and many other specialty woodworkers love the look of nicely finished exotic wood. With the power of the Internet we are able to provide our over fifty species of exotic wood to woodworkers from around the world. As each new niche woodworking market develops, we are eager to provide the exotic wood species and sizes that meet their demand.Exotic Wood Blanks
In addition to our retail website we offer a full line of exotic lumber at wholesale. If you are a lumberyard or custom carpenter looking for a couple hundred, or a few thousand, board feet of Birdseye Maple, Curly Maple, or any of the exotics, please contact us. We regularly ship freight quantities of lumber all around the United States, Canada, and overseas.
If you are in need of custom milling for your business, please contact us. Our family business owns a full sawmill, two dehumidification kilns, and dozens of shop tools from industrial planers to multiple dowelling machines. Our rates are extremely competitive. Go make some sawdust!
VIEW MORE SPECIES ▾
"The wood is outstanding! All aspects of the purchase, ordering, pre-ship customer service (proactive ..." - John (Read More)
OVER 100 SPECIES OF EXOTIC WOOD! - Custom Orders Welcome: (877) 770-9663
FIGURED MAPLE
EXOTIC WOOD
POPULAR AREAS
MISCELLANEOUS