Magento Development
Achieve excellent results with Magento development. We build a Magento webstore that moves your business to the next level. We bring all your ideas to life.Learn more
PrestaShop Development
Ready to impress your customers with an outstanding online store? PrestaShop development is a must for you. Build your Brand with the most famous European born world ecommerce system.Learn more
E-commerce Development
Want to move your Business to the Internet? Your online store will bring more with Ecommerce development. Turn online shopping into an amazing and captivating journey.Learn more
Blaha Gartenmöbel. Magento 2 development for the largest outdoor furniture store in Europe.
There are some steps you have to follow when you think about Magento. The partner should understand your business and what you are looking for and what are the key factors in the process of development which have to be taken care off. You need a partner that understands you.Learn more
Shiekh Shoes. Magento 2 migration for street lifestyle culture go-to retailer.
BelVG came on board to re-develop our existing site and build out new ones. They support our Magento platform’s frontend and backend development. We’re very happy with all the sites they’ve delivered. Switching to Magento gives us much more flexibility as a company.Learn more
MuscleFood. Magento development for award winning truly delicious food and supplements.
We chose BelVG because they came highly recommended and with a stellar reputation in the Magento community. The BelVG team performed difficult work with enthusiasm and a positive attitude from start to finish. I'd recommend for anyone looking for good Magento developers.Learn more
Services
Tired of an outdated interface, slow performance, and non-responsive design? No way to add new integrations? When competition in ecommerce is high, you cannot afford to be just an ordinary website, you must be the best. It is a matter of survival. Move your online store to Magento and join the list of famous and successful brands utilizing this platform. Take advantage of all the Magento 2 benefits and opportunities to increase your success.
We know all Magento development’s ins and outs. We have managed dozens of migrations smoothly, quickly, and cost-effectively. Migrate from Magento 1 to Magento 2 now and enjoy its latest features. We are here to solve the most complex tasks for you and make your brand grow. Get to know more about Magento Migration here.
Do not lose your revenue and reputation because of technical issues with your website performance. Online store development is a comprehensive process with thousands of details to be aware of. Provide your customers with an online store that is always ready to take an order and create the best ecommerce experience for them.
We know how challenging and difficult Magento store Support and Maintenance can be. We are ready to help you. Get dedicated Magento developers to manage your website monitoring and solve any issues before they become a problem. Develop your brand strategy while we take care of your online store and provide it with reliable ongoing support. Find out more about Magento Support and Maintenance services here.
Searching for tools to update product information, run the ads, monitor orders, payments, and delivery? Get everything you need in your admin panel. Make the most out of the Magento open-source opportunities. Integrate all necessary tools to make the website management as easy and fast as possible. Get access to the world’s most popular payment, shipping, accounting, and marketing software in one click.
We use our expertise to create, customize, and compliment any integration with your Magento website. We work to transform all your ideas into webstore features and extend boundaries for your business development. Streamline every business process and turn your Magento website into a powerful marketplace. Know more about Magento Integration here.
Try to catch new customers with an amazing and user-friendly web design in combination with the latest UI and UX trends. In ecommerce everything is about eye-catching features that will attract customers and guide them through the online shopping experience. Use multiple PrestaShop design features to stand out from your competitors and show your products in the best light, without saying a word.
With creative designers and experienced developers, our team delivers unique and responsive PrestaShop themes created with respect to the latest ecommerce design trends. We are working to move your online shop to the next level and create a web design for any type of PrestaShop websites. Read more about PrestaShop Theme Development here.
Looking for new ways to promote your business, ecommerce is not just about online shopping. Turn your website into a powerful B2B portal and connect to suppliers, manufacturers, clients, and business partners all over the world. Create a multi-currency and multi-lingual platform to develop your business globally.
Being in ecommerce since 2004, we create ready to use solutions for all industries. We go into your brand vision and combine it with the latest marketing trends to come up with the most effective ecommerce strategy. Grow your B2B ecommerce without any limits. We are here to deliver online stores that will benefit your company. Learn more about B2B Ecommerce here.
How to find solutions to grow your online business? There is no way to beat your competitors and make your business successful without the right e-commerce strategy. Do you need to add payment, shipping or any other integration? Looking for custom or ready made extension for your online store? We are happy to help you make the right choice.
We will save your business from “hidden” costs, combine our ecommerce experience and your brand values and goals to create an online store that attracts customers and turns them into clients. We will audit your online shop and compare it with market leaders to assist you in choosing the most appropriate ecommerce software. Find out more about E-commerce Strategy here.
Do not ruin your business without SEO Optimization. If you invest money in online store development without SEO it will be just a showcase without visitors. Increase conversion rates and visibility with the latest trends in SEO optimization. When you follow search engine requirements you get an opportunity to win more customers. Go deep into technical issues and update your website content. Get access to the latest SEO trends to leave your competitors behind.
We know how important your website is and how issues related to marketing and technicalities can affect the ranking of your store. We provide our clients with an in-depth analysis of their webstores and hands-on recommendations to improve them. We work to deliver ecommerce websites that convert and win the market. Find our more about E-commerce SEO Optimization here.
Ready to get into online business now? Powerful, robust, responsive, fast, and safe – does that describe your online store? Turn Magento 2 revolutionary features into your online store advantages. Built for ecommerce from the very beginning, Magento 2 is the correct choice to launch your business and push it to the next level online.
We are Magento know-it-alls and we are happy to share our knowledge and experience with our clients. Get your business focused on customers, forget about bugs and technical issues, and make the Magento-based website that you have been dreaming about. We have customized and upgraded hundreds of online stores using this platform. Learn more about BelVG Magento 2 Development services here.
Our Team
We do not create magic but you can reach even more than that together with our team. Get to know our creative designers, talented developers and customer-oriented project managers to provide you with the best services. With years of ecommerce experience, BelVG certified developers have launched 100+ online stores worldwide including the EU, North America, Australia while 100+ BelVG extensions are installed on over 50k websites. We are here to take care of your business and share your Brand message to the world.
+30
+24
+12
Partner With Us
Let us know more about your project. Contact us and let’s grow your business.