Our Story
BoxDrop is a discount mattress store. We specialize in clearance and closeouts and buy directly from the manufacturer, passing the savings on to our customers.
We run appointments out of our warehouse, eliminating the expenses of employees and an expensive store front. These factors, combined with great quality products and friendly staff, allow BoxDrop to create the best mattress shopping experience available.
Adjustable Bases
People of all age groups report sleeping better, feeling better, and enjoying a bed in which they can read, sleep, work, and watch television in comfort.
Call Us Today (405) 389-1600
Pillowtop Mattresses
We offer a unique blend of luxury and affordability with our Pillow Top Mattress Collection. With advanced layers of comfort and support your best night’s sleep is just a call away.
Call Us Today (405) 389-1600
Euro Top Mattresses
Necessity meets innovation with our Euro Top Mattress Collection. Not only stylish but designed to reduce pressure points and improve longevity, these super comfortable beds never leave you uncomfortable.
Call Us Today (405) 389-1600
Firm Mattresses
Carefully selected foams and unique design techniques make up our Firm Mattress Collection. Unique to their predecessors, these beds are not just for achy backs. They also provide a deeper sleep and improve overall health.
Call Us Today (405) 389-1600
Specialty Sleep
Explore our selection of highly crafted Specialty Sleep Beds. Engineered to reduce pressure points, decrease sleep temperature while providing max support and comfort for any body type.
Call Us Today (405) 389-1600
BoxDrop Oklahoma City
Manufacturer’s Direct Discount Mattresses. Pillow Top, Memory Foam and Arctic Gel at 50-70% off big box store prices!!! Limited Staffing at this time call ahead for appointment
Address:
5 S Council Rd Suite B, Oklahoma City, OK 73127
Phone: (405) 389-1600
Business Hours:
Appointment Only
Call Us Today To Set Up A Time To Find Your Perfect Nights Sleep.
We have very knowledgeable and friendly mattress consultants who’s goal is to help you find your perfect mattress!