We and our partners use technologies, such as cookies, and process personal data, such as IP addresses and cookie identifiers, to personalise ads and content based on your interests, measure the performance of ads and content, and derive insights about the audiences who saw ads and content. Click below to consent to the use of this technology and the processing of your personal data for these purposes. You can change your mind and change your consent choices at any time by returning to this site.
Brick Fanatics Magazine Issue 11 includes a detailed LEGO designer walkthrough of 75252 Imperial Star Destroyer, in a latest collaboration with Brickset
The third largest ever LEGO Star Wars set adorns the latest LEGO magazine’s front cover as the subject of a very special feature inside.
Alongside eye-catching photography, we highlight some of the most interesting facts and build techniques that this Ultimate Collector Series set has to offer. At the same time, designer Henrik Andersen shares some fascinating insight into the detail and design that went into creating 75252, exclusively in conversation with Brickset, presented across the pages of Brick Fanatics Magazine.
This year's seasonal BrickHeadz have on the whole been excellent and now that we are not being bombarded with dozens of the blocky characters every few weeks it is very welcome when a new one becomes available.
The Christmas one has just hit the brand store shelves but before we get ahead of ourselves, let's take a look at 40352 Scarecrow which was released a few weeks ago, in good time for Thanksgiving in the USA and Canada.
Some marvellous large scale models have been produced recently and 75255 Yoda seems quite impressive. This interesting rendition of the Jedi Master includes magnificent detail and appears accurate when compared with its famed source material. However, certain aspects of its design have elicited criticism.
The eyes have proven particularly controversial based upon their unusual aesthetic in some official images. However, they convey wonderful expression when properly positioned and should represent an improvement over 7194 Yoda from 2002. Hopefully this model will match the high standard of other large-scale characters.