Dominate Your Market with the Best Directory Software
Build Membership Websites to Own Your Industry
Monetize Your Community
With Your Own Online Directory Select a directory theme to launch your membership website for any industry or local area
Turbo-Charged Membership ThemesManage your entire organization with the most reliable member directory software. Launch quickly and simplify tasks — all while saving time and money.
Powering 20,000+ Membership & Directory Websites Worldwide
Since 2009, thousands of online entrepreneurs and professional member organizations – across all industries – have relied on Brilliant Directories as the best directory script to power their membership websites and business directories. You can be our next success story.Learn More – Request Free Demo
Infinite Solutions.
One Powerful Platform.
There's never been a more complete directory software. Our script includes all the important tools you need to launch your online directory – without wasting valuable time.
Design & Branding
Create a stunning directory using your own logo and robust design settings.
Content Publishing
You and your members can post articles, events, coupons, classifieds and more!
Member Management
Members can join on their own, while you control everything from the admin area.
Recurring Payments
Maximize revenue from members and advertisers with automated payments.
Searchable Directory
Allow website visitors to search members in your professional online directory.
Banner Ad Management
Generate additional revenue by selling and managing banner ad spaces.
Events Calendar
Publish and promote upcoming events to keep your member community informed.
Email Marketing
Stay connected to members with email newsletters and contact list tools.
Instant SEO Rankings
Increase your Google page rankings and attract more visitors with dynamic SEO.
Hosting & Support
Premium hosting and top-rated email support are included with every plan.
Generate Revenue from members, leads, advertisers and more.
Who Uses Brilliant Directories?
Over 20,000 groups, organizations and website owners around the world trust
Brilliant Directories with their membership communities and online directory websites.
Amazingly Powerful Solution
Jenna E. in Seattle, Washington
The free demo was a perfect way to test my idea before spending a dollar. If you're tired of half-baked scripts then Brilliant Directories is for you. So very happy. Love you guys!
Couldn't Ask For More
Geoff M. in Melbourne, Australia
I've been with Brilliant Directories for over 2 years. This directory software absolutely rocks! I run multiple sites with them and plan to launch more business directories soon.