*A maximum of 3 videos per 12 months qualifies for bonus points. Video points do not apply towards tier advancement.
Start receiving rewards and
special offers when you join.
After 600 POINTS
Enjoy bonus rewards on
every treatment.
After 1200 POINTS
Say goodbye to
expiring rewards.
Points for receiving treatments and
purchasing participating portfolio products
Special offers and promotions
just for being a member
Your points for savings on your participating
Brilliant Distinctions® treatments and
product purchases at your preferred provider
BOTOX® Cosmetic is a prescription medicine that is injected into muscles and used to temporarily improve the look of moderate to severe forehead lines, crow’s feet lines, and frown lines between the eyebrows in adults.
BOTOX® Cosmetic may cause serious side effects that can be life threatening. Get medical help right away if you have any of these problems any time (hours to weeks) after injection of BOTOX® Cosmetic:
BOTOX® Cosmetic dosing units are not the same as, or comparable to, any other botulinum toxin product.
There has not been a confirmed serious case of spread of toxin effect when BOTOX® Cosmetic has been used at the recommended dose to treat frown lines, crow’s feet lines, and/or forehead lines.
BOTOX® Cosmetic may cause loss of strength or general muscle weakness, vision problems, or dizziness within hours to weeks of taking BOTOX® Cosmetic. If this happens, do not drive a car, operate machinery, or do other dangerous activities.
Serious and/or immediate allergic reactions have been reported. They include: itching, rash, red itchy welts, wheezing, asthma symptoms, or dizziness or feeling faint. Get medical help right away if you are wheezing or have asthma symptoms, or if you become dizzy or faint.
Do not take BOTOX® Cosmetic if you: are allergic to any of the ingredients in BOTOX® Cosmetic (see Medication Guide for ingredients); had an allergic reaction to any other botulinum toxin product such as Myobloc® (rimabotulinumtoxinB), Dysport® (abobotulinumtoxinA), or Xeomin® (incobotulinumtoxinA); have a skin infection at the planned injection site.
Tell your doctor about all your muscle or nerve conditions, such as ALS or Lou Gehrig’s disease, myasthenia gravis, or Lambert-Eaton syndrome, as you may be at increased risk of serious side effects including difficulty swallowing and difficulty breathing from typical doses of BOTOX® Cosmetic.
Tell your doctor about all your medical conditions, including: plans to have surgery; had surgery on your face; have trouble raising your eyebrows; drooping eyelids; any other abnormal facial change; are pregnant or plan to become pregnant (it is not known if BOTOX® Cosmetic can harm your unborn baby); are breast-feeding or plan to (it is not known if BOTOX® Cosmetic passes into breast milk).
Tell your doctor about all the medicines you take, including prescription and nonprescription medicines, vitamins, and herbal products. Using BOTOX® Cosmetic with certain other medicines may cause serious side effects. Do not start any new medicines until you have told your doctor that you have received BOTOX® Cosmetic in the past.
Tell your doctor if you have received any other botulinum toxin product in the last 4 months; have received injections of botulinum toxin such as Myobloc®, Dysport®, or Xeomin® in the past (tell your doctor exactly which product you received); have recently received an antibiotic by injection; take muscle relaxants; take an allergy or cold medicine; take a sleep medicine; take aspirin-like products or blood thinners.
Other side effects of BOTOX® Cosmetic include: dry mouth; discomfort or pain at the injection site; tiredness; headache; neck pain; and eye problems: double vision, blurred vision, decreased eyesight, drooping eyelids and eyebrows, swelling of your eyelids and dry eyes.
For more information refer to the Medication Guide or talk with your doctor.
To report a side effect, please call Allergan at 1-800-678-1605.
Please see BOTOX® Cosmetic full Product Information including Boxed Warning and Medication Guide.
LATISSE® is an FDA-approved treatment to grow eyelashes for people with inadequate or not enough lashes.
Do not use LATISSE® if you are allergic to one of its ingredients. If you use/used prescription products for eye pressure problems, use LATISSE® under doctor care. May cause brown darkening of the colored part of the eye which is likely permanent. LATISSE® may cause eyelid skin darkening which may be reversible. Only apply at base of upper lashes. DO NOT APPLY to lower lid. Hair may grow outside the treatment area. If you have eye problems/surgery, consult your doctor. Common side effects include itchy and red eyes. If discontinued, lashes gradually return to previous appearance.
These are not all the possible side effects of LATISSE®. For more information, please talk to your doctor.
Please see LATISSE® full Prescribing Information.
What is KYBELLA®?
KYBELLA® is a prescription medicine used in adults to improve the appearance and profile of moderate to severe fat below the chin (submental fat), also called “double chin.”
It is not known if KYBELLA® is safe and effective for use outside of the submental area or in children under 18 years of age.
Who should not receive KYBELLA®?
Do not receive KYBELLA® if you have an infection in the treatment area.
Before receiving KYBELLA®, tell your healthcare provider about all of your medical conditions, including if you: Have had or plan to have surgery on your face, neck, or chin; have had cosmetic treatments on your face, neck, or chin; have had or have medical conditions in or near the neck area; have had or have trouble swallowing; have bleeding problems; are pregnant or plan to become pregnant (it is not known if KYBELLA® will harm your unborn baby); are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed (it is not known if KYBELLA® passes into your breast milk).
Tell your healthcare provider about all the medicines you take, including prescription and over-the-counter medicines, vitamins, and herbal supplements. Especially tell your healthcare provider if you take a medicine that prevents the clotting of your blood (antiplatelet or anticoagulant medicine).
What are the possible side effects of KYBELLA®?
KYBELLA® can cause serious side effects, including
The most common side effects of KYBELLA® include swelling, pain, numbness, redness, and areas of hardness in the treatment area.
These are not all of the possible side effects of KYBELLA®. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects.
Please see KYBELLA® full Prescribing Information.
The CoolSculpting® procedure is FDA-cleared for the treatment of visible fat bulges in the submental (under the chin) and submandibular (under the jawline) areas, thigh, abdomen and flank, along with bra fat, back fat, underneath the buttocks (also known as banana roll) and upper arm. It is also FDA-cleared to affect the appearance of lax tissue with submental area treatments. The CoolSculpting® procedure is not a treatment for weight loss.
The CoolSculpting® procedure is not for everyone. You should not have the CoolSculpting® procedure if you suffer from cryoglobulinemia, cold agglutinin disease, or paroxysmal cold hemoglobinuria.
Tell your doctor if you have any medical conditions including recent surgery, pre-existing hernia, and any known sensitivities or allergies.
During the procedure you may experience sensations of pulling, tugging, mild pinching, intense cold, tingling, stinging, aching, and cramping at the treatment site. These sensations subside as the area becomes numb. Following the procedure, typical side effects include temporary redness, swelling, blanching, bruising, firmness, tingling, stinging, tenderness, cramping, aching, itching, or skin sensitivity, and sensation of fullness in the back of the throat after submental or submandibular area treatment.
Rare side effects may also occur. CoolSculpting® may cause a visible enlargement in the treated area which may develop two to five months after treatment and requires surgical intervention for correction.
Please see full Important Safety Information for additional information.
The CoolTone™ device is FDA-cleared for improvement of abdominal tone, strengthening of the abdominal muscles, and development for firmer abdomen. CoolTone™ is also FDA-cleared for strengthening, toning, and firming of buttocks and thighs.
The CoolTone™ procedure is not for everyone. CoolTone™ should not be used in the head or heart area. You should not have the CoolTone™ treatment in areas with metal or electronic implants/devices like cardiac pacemakers, implanted hearing devices, implanted defibrillators, implanted neurostimulators, drug pumps, and hearing aids. Tell your doctor if you have any medical conditions and any known sensitivities or allergies as CoolTone™ should not be used over menstruating uterus, over areas of the skin that lack normal sensation, in areas of new bone growth, or in patients with fever, malignant tumor, hemorrhagic condtions, epilepsy, recent surgical procedure, pulmonary valve defect, pregnancy, sensitivity or allergy to latex.
CoolTone™ should be used with caution in patients with Graves' disease (an autoimmune disorder that causes overactive thyroid), active bleeding disorders, or seizure disorders.
Women who are close to menstruation may find that it comes sooner, or cramping is increased or intensified with CoolTone™ treatments, therefore, it is recommended to not undergo treatment during this time of the month.
Side effects may include, but are not limited to, muscular pain, temporary muscle spasm, temporary joint or tendon pain, and redness at or near the treatment site.
Ask your Healthcare Provider if CoolTone™ is right for you.
JUVÉDERM® VOLUMA™ XC injectable gel is for deep injection in the cheek area to correct age-related volume loss in adults over 21.
JUVÉDERM® XC and JUVÉDERM® VOLLURE™ XC injectable gels are for injection into the facial tissue for the correction of moderate to severe facial wrinkles and folds, such as nasolabial folds. JUVÉDERM® VOLLURE™ XC injectable gel is for adults over 21.
JUVÉDERM® Ultra XC is for injection into the lips and perioral area for lip augmentation in adults over 21.
JUVÉDERM® VOLBELLA™ XC injectable gel is for injection into the lips for lip augmentation and for correction of perioral lines in adults over 21.
Are there any reasons why I should not receive any JUVÉDERM® injectable gel formulation?
Do not use these products if you have a history of multiple severe allergies or severe allergic reactions (anaphylaxis), or if you are allergic to lidocaine or the Gram-positive bacterial proteins used in these products.
What precautions should my doctor advise me about?
What are possible side effects?
The most commonly reported side effects with JUVÉDERM® injectable gels included injection-site redness, swelling, pain, tenderness, firmness, lumps/bumps, bruising, discoloration, and itching. For JUVÉDERM® VOLBELLA™ XC, dryness was also reported. For JUVÉDERM® VOLUMA™ XC, most side effects were moderate and lasted 2 to 4 weeks. For JUVÉDERM® XC, JUVÉDERM® VOLLURE™ XC, and JUVÉDERM® Ultra XC injectable gels, most side effects were mild or moderate and lasted 14 days or less. For JUVÉDERM® VOLBELLA™ XC, most side effects were mild or moderate and lasted 30 days or less.
One of the risks with using these products is unintentional injection into a blood vessel, and, while rare, the complications can be serious and may be permanent. These complications, which have been reported for facial injections, can include vision abnormalities, blindness, stroke, temporary scabs, or permanent scarring.
As with all skin injection procedures, there is a risk of infection.
To report a side effect with any JUVÉDERM® product, please call Allergan at 1-800-433-8871. Please visit Juvederm.com or talk to your doctor for more information.
Available by prescription only.
Who may get breast implants?
Natrelle® Breast Implants are approved for women for the following:
Breast augmentation includes primary breast augmentation to increase breast size, as well as revision surgery to correct or improve the result of a primary breast augmentation surgery.
Who should NOT get breast implants?
What should I know before getting breast implants?
What should I tell my doctor?
Tell your doctor if you have any of the following conditions, as the risk of breast implant surgery may be higher:
What are some complications with breast implants?
Key complications are reoperation, implant removal with or without replacement, implant rupture with silicone-filled implants, implant deflation with saline-filled implants, and severe capsular contracture (severe scar tissue around the implant). Other complications include asymmetry, nipple/breast/skin sensation changes, scarring, or wrinkling/rippling. Talk to your doctor about other complications.
Talk to your doctor. For more information or to report a problem with Natrelle® Breast Implants, please call Allergan at 1-800-433-8871. Please also see the patient brochures at www.allergan.com/labeling/usa.html.
Natrelle® Breast Implants are available by prescription only.
The REVOLVE™ Advanced Adipose System (REVOLVE™ System) is used for aspiration, harvesting, filtering, and transferring of fat for aesthetic body shaping. The REVOLVE™ System is intended for use in the following surgeries when drawing fat is desired: plastic and reconstructive surgery, gastrointestinal and affiliated organ surgery, urological surgery, general surgery, bone or muscle surgery, gynecological surgery, thoracic surgery, and minimally invasive surgery.
REVOLVE™ System should not be used by your physician if you currently have any disease that adversely affects wound healing, and poor overall health status.
REVOLVE™ System will not, in and of itself, produce significant weight loss. This device should be used by your physician with extreme caution if you have a chronic medical condition such as diabetes, heart, lung, or circulatory system disease, or obesity.
REVOLVE™ System is designed to remove localized deposits of excess fat through a small incision and subsequently transfer the tissue back to you. Use of this device is limited to those physicians who have the appropriate level of medical education and surgical experience in the appropriate surgical procedures. Results of the procedure will vary depending upon your age, surgical site, and experience of the physician. Results of the procedure may or may not be permanent.
Some common adverse effects associated with fat transfer are unevenness, over- and/or under-correction, tissue lumps, bleeding, and scarring. Potential adverse effects associated with REVOLVE™ System include fat cell death, formation of cysts, infection, chronic immune system response, allergic reaction and inflammation.
REVOLVE™ System is available by prescription only.
This information is not intended to replace a discussion with your surgeon. It does not describe all the potential risks associated with fat grafting procedures. Every patient’s situation is different, so please consult with your surgeon to determine if the use of REVOLVE™ System is right for you.
For more information, please see the Instructions for Use (IFU) and User Manual for REVOLVE™ System.
To report an adverse reaction, please call Allergan at 1.800.367.5737.
Most of the SkinMedica® products described on this website are intended to meet the FDA’s definition of a cosmetic product, an article applied to the human body to cleanse, beautify, promote attractiveness, and alter appearances. These SkinMedica® products are not intended to be drug products that diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition. These products have not been approved by the FDA, and the statements on these pages have not been evaluated by the FDA.
SkinMedica® Total Defense + Repair Broad Spectrum Sunscreens (SPF 34, SPF 34 Tinted, and SPF 50+) and Essential Defense Broad Spectrum Sunscreens (Everyday Clear SPF 47, Mineral Shield Tinted SPF 32, and Mineral Shield SPF 35) are over-the-counter drug products which are formulated and marketed pursuant to FDA’s governing regulations set forth at 21 C.F.R. Part 352.
SkinMedica® Acne System, Acne Treatment Lotion, Purifying Foaming Wash, and Purifying Toner, are over-the-counter drug products which are formulated and marketed pursuant to FDA’s governing regulations set forth at 21 C.F.R. § 333.301 et seq.
Please agree to our new TERMS AND CONDITIONS to continue enjoying your Brilliant Distinctions® benefits.