Ghostbusters REMIX – The Living Tombstone
Mapper: downycat Perfect for the Halloween season!…
Second Annual BSMG Halloween Contest
Mappers, modders, and modellers, now’s the time to decide: will you trick or will you treat? We’re looking for Halloween-themed maps, sabers, platforms, avatars, bloqs, and mods.…
ABIS & Signal & Tasha Baxter – The Wall (Buunshin Remix)
Mapper: rustic https://youtu.be/xEowRTlHvuI Commissioned by Steven, Bobbie, Daan, Melopod…
JVR – Inspiration – Unknown Brain ft. Aviella
Mapper: jewelsvr Fixed a messed up note and re uploaded. Heard this track and needed it in Beat Saber ASAP! Hope u enjoy! Love how uplifting this song is!…
Seven Deadly Sins – Mouth×Senhana ○2LI (battle soundtrack)
Mapper: zoyer This is a remap of my old map. Feel like it got an overhaul.…
Rasputin (Funk Overload)
Mapper: ryger Huge thanks to Whipstickgostop for remastering the audio for this funky beat! Sorry for the second upload. I needed to remove the bombs at the end of Expert +…
Dark Digital – Caspro
Mapper: rexxz A collab between Rexxz & LEh4nnes Expert+ and Lightshow only E+ done by both mappers LEh4nnes -> 0:00 – 2:53 Rexxz -> 2:53 – 4:59 Lights by Rexxz Enjoy our hallowee…
Flower Dance – DJ Okawari
Mapper: layanmeta There it is!!!! Hope you all enjoy this <3 Collabed with kuritsadbs on this map as he worked on the lights and he did amazing job on them! I might make 1 saber mode later on if i …
With the Feeling of Nice to meet you – DAOKO
Mapper: kolezan The song With the Feeling of Nice to meet you (はじめましての気持ちを), featured in the live-action film adaptation Kaguya-sama: Love is War, resonated in me, particularly DAOKO’s lovely and emot…
Nuruhachi – Яuler License
Mapper: aaltopahwi Edit: Oops.. Reuploaded because diffs were wrong way around… Yess. Here we go. Finally managed to map two difficulties that don’t suck so hard. This is my second map fro…
Moshimo – Sawaranu Kimini Tatarinashi
Mapper: kikaeaeon PepeJamJam…
Alone – Alan Walker
Mapper: kuritsadbs I made the mistake of saying “I kinda wanna map an Alan Walker song” in a Twitch chat filled with Walkers… woops. Got a strong suggestion out of it tho. Damn good …
Little Shop of Horrors – Movie Soundtrack
Mapper: techbutterfly Just in time for Halloween, here’s a new and fun challenge for Beat Saber players! Little Shop of Horrors – the musical, the movie, now the beatmap! If you haven̵…
xi – Glorious Crown
Mapper: vipai been working on this for a long time , made the map way better thanks to Yun0’s help Reupload count : 6 (ok guys ,when we reach 10 i’ll play RCTTS on FS DA)…
Let Us Adore You – Steven Universe The Movie
Mapper: monteblanco Youtube Preview: https://youtu.be/UiOn3ddm_DI…
VIXX – Voodoo Doll
Mapper: simplymarvellous 129 BPM – 3:36 – 8,275 Lighting Events It’s spooky season so it’s time to put out a spooky map, but it’s Kpop. Video Preview: Map Preview: Expert…
Dead To Me
Mapper: zenzodo Reupload of an old map because the old map was absolute garbage. Enjoy!…
Wherever U Wanna Go (ft. Julia Gomes) – Zerb, Sandeville, Duncan
Mapper: lmetz Wherever U Wanna Go (ft. Julia Gomes) – Zerb, Sandeville, Duncan Only Expert…
Brutal Swing – igorrr
Mapper: astrella_ dance map v4 (please send help) Notes: Astella (modded by shrado) Lights: shrado…
Schtiffles – Ghost House (Halloween Contest)
Mapper: mykra Somewhere between Expert and Expert+…
xi – Glorious Crown
Mapper: vipai been working on this for a long time , made the map way better thanks to Yun0’s help Reupload count : 5 (ok guys ,when we reach 10 i’ll play RCTTS on FS DA)…
The Deceit – Fleshgod Apocalype
Mapper: nuketime *Headbanging Intensifies*…
Daisuki, Evolution
Mapper: foxyboi This has been a long one in the making. I am happy to finally release it! Thanks to everyone who helped to make it, namely Scrappy for modding it ages ago. I decided to finally get to …
Daisuki, Evolution
Mapper: foxyboi This has been a long one in the making. I am happy to finally release it! Thanks to everyone who helped to make it, namely Scrappy for modding it ages ago. I decided to finally get to …
BLANKFIELD – This Is the Dead, and I Reached the Deathless
Mapper: puds no…
USAO – Night Sky (Extended Ver.)
Mapper: jez This is my most polished and worked on map to date. This is going for rank and will be probably be reuploaded as many times as needed until it becomes rankable. Song is PepeJAMJAM, and I t…
Outer Solution
Mapper: whaenth megalovania if it did 5 lines of crack preview:…