A Virtual Private Network (VPN) sets up a private tunnel over the Internet that redirects your online traffic, while also hiding the origin of the traffic. Read our Definitive Guide to VPNs.
Without a VPN, your online privacy is up for grabs for anyone who’s interested – hackers, scammers, the authorities, and your internet service provider.
Buffered VPN takes care of this for you by fully encrypting your data and Internet traffic to keep it surveillance-free.
Worldwide governments are always looking for ways to control what you are able to say or post online, sometimes even going as far as enforcing self-censorship.
Buffered VPN safeguards your online anonymity to ensure you can freely speak your mind.
Whether you're away on vacation, traveling for work, or simply from a different part of the world, you often can’t even enjoy a simple TV show because of geo-restrictions.
Buffered VPN gets rid of geo-blocks for you by making it look like you’re connecting from a different country.
Enjoy the utmost convenience – Buffered works on Windows, Linux, Mac, iOS, Android, and routers.
Buffered always scores among the top 5 VPNs in speed tests to ensure you’re always enjoying perfect connections.
With unlimited bandwidth and no download restrictions, Buffered helps you enjoy online content to your heart's desire.
We use the best security protocols to encrypt your data, and keep it safe from hackers and government surveillance.
If we don't live up to your expectations in the first 30 days, we'll give you your money back!
Gibraltar based premium VPN service, with good speeds and good software. You can connect up to 5 devices, and try them for 30 days with no risk.
Their network is not one of the biggest but they make up for it in the quality of the servers they use. They use IP sharing to help keep their subscribers more anonymous. They have a no log policy with regard to individual activities.
Looking for a robust fast and reliable VPN try @BufferedVPN – unbeatable after sales service.
@BufferedVPN has ridiculously good customer service
Have been pretty happy with @BufferedVPN so far.
Enjoy all the online content you want – foreign news, local TV shows, sports, and much more. Plus, you can combat online price discrimination in seconds.
Our users always come first, and our 30-day money-back guarantee means you can make a safe investment free of any pressure.
Made with in Gibraltar | © Copyright 2019 Buffered™ Ltd.