Introducing Buick Marketplace. Learn more about the latest innovation in connectivity.
* The Manufacturer’s Suggested Retail Price excludes destination freight charge, tax, title, license, dealer fees and optional equipment. Click here to see all Buick vehicles’ destination freight charges.
1. Excludes 1SV models. MUST BE A CURRENT OWNER OF A 2005 MODEL YEAR OR NEWER NON-GM VEHICLE FOR AT LEAST 30 DAYS PRIOR TO NEW VEHICLE SALE. Not available with special finance, lease and some other offers. Take retail delivery by 10/31/19. See participating dealer for details.
2. MUST BE A CURRENT OWNER OF A 2005 MODEL YEAR OR NEWER NON-GM VEHICLE FOR AT LEAST 30 DAYS PRIOR TO NEW VEHICLE SALE. Based on MSRP of $26,910. Not available with special finance, lease and some other offers. Take retail delivery by 10/31/19. See participating dealer for details.
The Manufacturer’s Suggested Retail Price excludes destination freight charge, tax, title, license, dealer fees and optional equipment. Click here to see all Buick vehicles’ destination freight charges.
Vehicle user interface is a product of Apple and its terms and privacy statements apply. Requires compatible iPhone and data plan rates apply. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Inc. Siri, iPhone and Apple Music are trademarks for Apple Inc, registered in the U.S. and other countries.
Vehicle user interface is a product of Google™ and its terms and privacy statements apply. Requires the Android Auto app on Google Play and an Android™-compatible smartphone running Android 5.0 Lollipop or higher. Data plan rates apply. Android Auto is a trademark of Google LLC.
Read the vehicle Owner’s Manual for important feature limitations and information.
Government 5-Star Safety Ratings are part of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration's (NHTSA's) New Car Assessment Program (www.SaferCar.gov).
Functionality varies by model. Full functionality requires compatible Bluetooth® and smartphone, and USB connectivity for some devices.
Map coverage available in the U.S., Puerto Rico and Canada.
Vehicle user interfaces are products of Apple and Google and their terms and privacy statements apply. Requires compatible smartphone and data plan rates apply. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Inc. Siri, iPhone and iTunes are trademarks of Apple Inc, registered in the U.S. and other countries. Android and Android Auto are trademarks of Google Inc.
The system wirelessly charges one compatible mobile device. Some phones have built-in wireless charging technology and others require a special adapter/back cover. To check for phone or other device compatibility, click here or consult your carrier.
EPA-estimated: 2.5L engine - 25 city/35 hwy (FWD); optional V6 3.6L engine - 20 city/30 hwy (FWD); 20 city/29 hwy (AWD).
Cargo and load capacity limited by weight and distribution.
Read the vehicle’s owner’s manual for important feature limitations and information.
Delivery radius map is seen within the Amazon Key app only when a customer has placed an in-car delivery order.
EPA-estimated: 22 mpg city/32 mpg hwy (FWD), 21 mpg city/29 mpg hwy (AWD).
Cargo volume behind first-row seats with second row folded is 60.7 cu. ft. Cargo and load capacity limited by weight and distribution.
EPA estimated with 2.5L engine (FWD).
Service varies with conditions and location. Requires active service plan and paid AT&T® data plan. See onstar.com for details and limitations. Vehicle must be on or in accessory position for Wi-Fi® to function.
Already a SiriusXM Subscriber?
Call 1-855-236-9236 when you get your new vehicle so SiriusXM can add it to your account. SiriusXM will also take care of cancelling the service on your old vehicle (if you no longer have it) and can move any unused service credits to your new one. (Certain restrictions apply for Lifetime plans. Ask Listener Care for details.) Be sure to have your new Radio ID or VIN available when you call.
*Trial length and service availability may vary by model, model year or trim.
EPA-estimated for LaCrosse Avenir with FWD.
EPA-estimated.
EPA estimated mpg 21 city/29 hwy.
Cargo volume behind first row seat is 73.5 cu. ft. Cargo and load capacity limited by weight and distribution.
EPA-estimated with 1.4L Turbo engine and FWD.
Cargo volume with second row seats down is 48.4 cu. ft.
EPA estimated.
Cargo volume with second and third row folded is 97.6 cu. ft. Cargo and load capacity limited by weight and distribution.
Cargo volume with rear seat folded is 57.3 cu. ft.
EPA estimated mpg: 22 city / 29 hwy FWD, 21 / 27 hwy AWD with standard 2.5L engine. 20 city/26 hwy AWD with available 2.0L turbo engine.
Excludes 1SV model. Not available with leases and some other offers. Take delivery by 2/28/18. See dealer for details.
Excludes 1SV model. MUST BE A CURRENT OWNER OF A 2005 MODEL YEAR OR NEWER NON-GM VEHICLE FOR AT LEAST 30 DAYS PRIOR TO NEW VEHICLE SALE. Not available with special finance, lease and some other offers. Take retail delivery by 10/31/19. See participating dealer for details.
MUST BE A CURRENT OWNER OF A 2005 MODEL YEAR OR NEWER NON-GM VEHICLE FOR AT LEAST 30 DAYS PRIOR TO NEW VEHICLE SALE. Based on MSRP of $26,910. Not available with special finance, lease and some other offers. Take retail delivery by 10/31/19. See participating dealer for details.