Popular Products
-
Atlas Traditional Roof Lantern Window Active Blue Double Glazed - White
Starting at £1,281.00 Inc. VAT
-
Cotswold Oak Internal Cottage Door Unfinished
Starting at £72.11 Inc. VAT
-
IKO Super Shed Green Mineral Felt 8m x 1m£27.50 Inc. VAT
-
Forest Overlap Dip Treated Apex Garden Shed - 6 x 4 ft£209.99 Inc. VAT
-
-
Shop by category
Shop by BrandView all
Building Supplies Online - BSO For the Trade & DIY
Building Supplies Online (BSO) was established with the intention of offering a quality range of building products, from industry leading manufacturers, direct to the trade and public at trade prices.
Our customers are at the heart of our business and we continuously strive to deliver excellent customer service and experience.
Our dedicated account managers are able to offer advice and help with large complex orders, ensuring our customers are able to order the right products at the best price.
Building Supplies Online offer the largest number of building supplies (over 40,000) available to purchase online, with UK Nationwide Delivery and Next Day Delivery available on certain ranges. BSO pride ourselves on our ability to offer a wide variety of leading brand building supplies at great prices, without compromising on quality or performance. Our extensive range of products includes VELUX Windows, Doors, Bathrooms, Tiles, Paving, Insulation, Fencing, Fixings, Building Materials and more, explore our website to find out more. Our product choices are extensive, for example we have a great range of Internal Doors to buy online with over 6,000 doors in stock.
We are now the preferred choice for many Trade customers and DIY home improvement projects, due to our competitive prices on our extensive range of quality, well known brands.
These prices are due to BSO sourcing methods; our building materials are sourced ethically using a trusted supply chain, which allows us to be a reliable trusted builders merchant.
Be sure to check out our Monthly Offers for the latest deals and freely speak to our experts if you have enquiries regarding any products or building supplies.
We offer UK nationwide delivery on all our products with a range of products available for next day delivery! BSO are a market leader in the DIY (Do it yourself) market. We are a DIY store online and offer products to enable you to carry out home improvements without the need to employ trades people. Instead of looking for a DIY store near me why not take advantage of our nationwide delivery service and order from the comfort of your own home. With our in house experts we can offer you DIY advice on a range of products to help you decide on the right products. As an online Buiders Merchant you are can browse our extensive range of products easily and as we aren't limited by floor space, unlike a local DIY store, we are able to give you the best choice at trade prices.
Unlike your local builders merchant, we deliver nationwide. The advantage of using us is that you can pick your delivery day as opposed to it being delivered within a window. When looking for builders merchants near me consider using our online service as we are specialised in dealing with the trade. Our dedicated trade team can help you with your order and make sure you get what you want when you need it.