2018/2019 Undergraduate Part-Time Application Has Commenced
This is to inform the general public that online sale of the Bayero University, Kano, School of Continuing Education application forms for the 2017/2018 Academic Session has Commenced.
Computer Science and Info. Tech.
Earth and Environmental Science
Social and Management Sciences
This is to inform the general public that online sale of the Bayero University, Kano, School of Continuing Education application forms for the 2017/2018 Academic Session has Commenced.
Application for Africa Center of Excellence for Population Health and Policy (ACEPHAP) Master of Science (MSc) Programmes in the following has commenced;
Applications for Africa Centre of Excellence (ACE) in Dryland Agriculture Programmes in the following programmes; M.Sc and PhD Agronomy (Crops and Cropping Systems in the Drylands), M.Sc and PhD Agricultural Economics...
This is to inform the general public that online sale of the Dangote Business School, Postgraduate application forms for the 2019/2020 Academic Session will comence on Thursday, 5th September 2019.
This is to inform the general public that online sale of the Bayero University, Kano, School of Postgraduate Studies application forms for the 2019/2020 Academic Session will commence on Wednesday, 22nd July 2019.
Students from faculties of Arts and Islamic Studies, Engineering, Education and Life Sciences are requested to login into the Lecturer Evaluation Engine to anonymously evaluate their lecturers.
The Application into PhD Natural Resources Management and Climate Change programme under the Partnership for Innovations in Applied Sciences, Engineering and Technology (PASET) Initiative has closed
UP Verification Service (UPVS) provide the following services:
French High Council for Evaluation of Research and Higher Education (HCERES) has granted a five-year unreserved international accreditation status on two programmes of the Centre for Dryland Agriculture (CDA), Bayero University, Kano (BUK). The two programmes have satisfied all the requirements and accreditation standards set aside by the body. This came after a rigorous evaluation process involving self-evaluation, desk reviews, and an on-site visit. The Programs accredited are MSc Natural Resource Management and Climate Change and MSc Agronomy (Crops and Cropping Systems in Drylands).
Copyright © 2019, Bayero University, Kano