BulkSMSNigeria.com is Nigeria's leading Bulk SMS Service Provider. We provide free and Premium Bulk SMS Service in Nigeria and across the world.
Also, we deliver your messages to all active numbers,
including DND numbers with Real-time Delivery Reports.
Sign up now and get 50 FREE BULK SMS units.
Guaranty Trust
Zenith Bank
First Bank
Diamond Bank
Access Bank
UBA
Stanbic IBTC
Union Bank
Skye Bank
Please note: The minimum amount accepted for bank transfer/deposit is ₦500.
Also, a ₦50 Stamp Duty Deduction is applied to any bank payment up to ₦1,000.
After payment, kindly complete the payment notification form here to have your account credited.
If possible, please use your email address as the depositor's name or as the narration/description when transferring funds to our accounts.
As Nigeria's #1 reliable and trusted bulk SMS service provider, we serve a wide array of clients cutting across different sectors.
We support all types of legitimate SMS including transactional messages, announcements, updates, alerts, promotions, campaigns and reminders. Now you can easily reach out to your friends, customers, members, congregations, associates, colleagues, constituents, employees, and more.
Goodness I.
Gideon S.
Emmanuel A.
Awajiowa I.
Manasseh G.
Our platform has been rebuilt from ground up to ensure your SMS will deliver speedily.
We now have direct connections with all GSM operators in Nigeria, as well as corporate routes that
deliver to Do-Not-Disturb (DND) numbers. We have also integrated delivery reports.
Our new platform comes with tonnes of amazing features
and was built to be easy to use.
Also, we have affiliate programme which enables you earn money by referring clients to us.
Whatever your needs are, as far as bulk SMS is concerned, we've got you covered!
Our user interface
is inviting and friendly.
You don’t need to be an IT guru to use our platform.
Our multiple delivery routes now ensure that your messages are delivered instantly, no matter the number.
No more undelivered message due to “do not disturb” restrictions. Receive refunds for DND numbers or send via our corporate route.
Track your SMS delivery status and get instant reports, updated in real-time.
Fund your account with your preferred payment option at your convenience, online or offline.
Live Support now available including live chat and phone lines to respond to issues in real-time.
DND stands for Do-Not-Disturb. A service introduced by Nigerian Communication Commission (NCC) that enables mobile subscribers to opt out of marketing/promotional messages of which bulk SMS is classified as one. Hence, mobile numbers on the DND list are not able to receive bulk SMS via the regular route.
To deliver to DND numbers, we make use of a Corporate Route. We first attempt delivery for all your numbers using the regular route then watch out for those that are rejected because of DND. We then refund or resend to DND numbers depending on the option you chose under the DND Management section which sending the message.
Please, note that the Sender ID would be changed for only DND numbers.
Text 'STATUS' to '2442' to check your DND status (for all networks in Nigeria).
To opt out of DND,
on MTN text 'ALLOW' to '2442',
on GLO text 'CANCEL' to '2442',
on Etisalat text 'START' to '2442',
on Airtel text 'ALLOW' to '2442'
You can purchase credits online here via Credit or Debit card using Paystack or Quickteller.
Also, we accept bank deposit or electronic funds transfer ( see our account numbers here). We also accept CASH in our office @ 61/72 Ekpo Abasi Street, Calabar. Always ensure to use your email address as the narration/description/deposit for bank payments were possible.
You pay for failed messages, that is; messages that were not delivered to number(s) in your destination list/database.
There are two reasons for this:
If you choose the 'Resend to DND Numbers via our Corporate Route' option, extra funds would be deducted from your wallet to resend the messages to the affected DND numbers. You can see the details of the resent messages here.
On the other hand, if your choose the 'Get A Refund' option, you wallet would be credited with units deducted for the affected DND numbers. You can also see the details of the refunded messages here.