Matchday 8 highlights!
The Battle of the Borussias, Wolfsburg remaining undefeated and Bayern shocked late on – Matchday 8 was a thriller!
Coutinho has had quite the journey from Brazil to Bavaria, but the little magician already has the Bayern faithful under his spell…
Robert Lewandowski's goals against Olympiacos put him squarely in the pantheon of great Champions League strikers.
The Polish frontman found the net yet again as Bayern made it three wins from as many games in the Champions League.
With a trio of top-class set-piece specialists to call on, we take a look at Bayern's dead-ball prowess.
Niklas Süle has torn his ACL, but the record champions are hardly short of world-class alternatives at centre-back...
The Dortmund captain resparked his side's title ambitions with the decisive goal against old flame Gladbach this past weekend.
Lewandowski chasing records, Dortmund winning the Battle of the Borussias and Finnbogason keeping the champions honest...
Dortmund's Sancho and Leverkusen's Havertz are in contention to be named the world's best U21 player.
BVB‘s fearsome attack, spearheaded by Jadon Sancho and Julian Brandt, could prove the difference against Inter in the Champions League.
Alfred Finnbogason scored deep into added time to deny the record champions all three points at the WWK Arena.
The prolific Bayern striker joins Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi on a 30-man list of candidates for the award.
Jadon Sancho is expected to return to the Dortmund starting line-up in Milan on Wednesday.
From the Signal Iduna Park to the PreZero Arena, these are all 18 stadiums in the Bundesliga in 2019/20.
Timo Werner is back among the goals for RB Leipzig are they prepare to welcome Zenit Saint Petersburg in the UEFA Champions League.
Robert Lewandowski leads the hunt for the top scorer's crown again in 2019/20.
The excitement of the Bundesliga plus all the latest news, views, features and exclusive video content at your fingertips...
Jadon Sancho and Joshua Kimmich are among the favourites to be crowned Bundesliga assist king in 2019/20...