Back to Top
Over 56749+ Businesses for Sale | The Best in the Business | Selling Businesses, Not Promises | Dedicated to Results
Wondering how to value a company? Use our directory of business brokers, business advisors, legal resources and business support services listings and professionals dedicated to helping you buy the right business and manage it.READ MORE
Want to buy a business? Reach qualified business sellers with a Business Wanted Ad. No waiting for the perfect business to appear on the site. Reach out directly to thousands of private business sellers on Business For Sale.READ MORE
Email alerts notify you the moment a matching business is listed on business for sale. Use this helpful tool and be updated with new business for sale listings everyday!
<p><strong>Summary</strong><br /> <strong>Dreaming of owning a cafe or bakery? Forget the hassles of staff and rent with Cafe2U by joining Austra
This flooring franchise has excelled as a family owned and operated, one-of-a-kind, versatile flooring business. This franchise has taken the standard
PROPERTY If you are a person who is looking to start your own business or planning to begin another branch in a soft-drink or mineral water industr
2 Children’s Soft Play/Activity Centres Ref. CO184 Location : Ireland Asking Price : £495,000 Incl. stock/equip Turner Butler has been appointe
newly refurbished 35rooms with lift fully licence approval in melaka histarical town ready tenant RM16,000.00 per month Ringgit Malaysia RM 5mill
This profitable business would suit a motivated person that can grow the business further, or a business owner that will incorporate it into an existi
World first Casino Roulette Biorhythm Platform was setup as an educational portal to equip its users with the knowledge relating to biorhythms, and it
This flooring franchise has excelled as a family owned and operated, one-of-a-kind, versatile flooring business. This franchise has taken the standard
This pre-school is located in an upmarket suburb on the West Rand. It was established by the current owner in 2008 and has gone from strength to stren
Voted No.1 B&B Hotel Business in Thailand 2019 This is a rare and unique opportunity to take over a fully licensed and 100% legally compliant bouti
UNLIMITED CONSTRUCTION LICENSE FOR SALE IN ABU DHABI. Please contact us for more details.
SECURE COUNCIL LEASE FISH & CHIP SHOP set within a large housing estate on the outskirts of Wolverhampton. Large ground floor retail unit on a purpose
Registered Address:
Dynamis Limited. Dynamis House, 6-8 Sycamore Street, London, EC1Y 0SW. United Kingdom.
VAT No. 747791385 Company
Registration Number: 3788210