Learning Business Analysis: The Business Process Management Perspective
Welcome
Welcome to Business Analyst Learnings!
This is where you can get real, practical and timeless business analysis advice. Whether you are a budding BA or a seasoned professional, hang around and let's rub minds. We blog about all things business analysis. There will always be something for you to take away and possibly leave behind...
Resources
Business Analysts need access to quality resources for their career development.
We have assembled a host of resources you can download.
Visit the resources section for helpful downloads, links and useful templates. There is no need to start from scratch.
Contact
Businesses are faced with diverse challenges and an increasing pressure to deliver value under tight deadlines and with limited resources. Business Analysis is crucial to understanding impediments to process efficiency and proffering effective solutions.
Have a question? Reach out.
General Business Analysis Blog Posts
Moving from the traditional/waterfall approach to software development to an agile approach certainly involves a mindset shift that may not always come naturally or even easily for Business Analysts. This mental shift comes with implicit obligations of adopting new ways of working.
Though the Agile Methodology is used heavily in software development domains, it has since spread into different sectors. With Agile comes a growing emphasis on equipping the development team, e.g. your software developers, content writers, engineers, designers, etc. with the information, tools, and direction they need to produce a tangible output within a fixed period of time, that is, sprints of typically 2 weeks. Guest Post By Greg Kellner
Business Analysts are often required to write business cases to justify whether or not a concept/product is viable. Business cases can be of varying lengths and structure. Taking on such a task can seem intimidating, but it doesn’t have to be. Here are four basic but easily forgotten tips that will make the process easier, and result in a winning business case.
In order to keep your business competitive, drive growth, ensure continuous improvement and enhance profits, a Business Intelligence (BI) strategy is essential. But a BI strategy is not just about technology or choosing the right platform. Like any part of your business, BI requires strategy, planning, buy-in, execution and continuous review. In this blog post, we will look at the key steps to implementing a business intelligence strategy.
You meet a client to discuss a problem. You present the facts and suggest solutions. They refuse to acknowledge your ideas. Worse still, they even refuse to accept the facts or shift their perspective.
What can a Business Analyst do in such circumstances?
Once you embark on a new business analyst job or project, chances are that you will try to avoid past mistakes and look for ways in which you can deliver better results.
A lot can be said for this motivation. The beginning of a project is usually an opportunity for a fresh start. Regardless of how advanced your business analysis skills are, or how mature your processes are, there is always room to do better. Guest post by Jason Hartman.
If you’ve worked as a Business Analyst for a while, you’ve probably encountered stakeholders who appear quite economical with information. You know there’s more to the issue than they’re letting on. The key question is, how can you get stakeholders to open up when conducting elicitation events like interviews or workshop sessions?
Most of my time, especially at the tail end of software development projects, is spent preparing user guides for end users. I try to be creative by including screenshots and business process models so that readers can completely understand what the automated processes are about, and how the supporting business applications work. As a BA, you may find yourself in a situation where you need to prepare user guides for end users.
Ready to plunge into the networking space? Professional groups on LinkedIn offer an effective platform for you to share ideas, stay on top of trends, explore opportunities and advance your career as a Business Analyst.
Here is a selection of LinkedIn groups you should explore:
Transferrable skills are a core set of skills and abilities, which can be applied to other jobs and industries. Though most examples you will see are related to soft skills like communication, listening, leadership, etc, transferrable skills extend beyond these and it’s extremely important to identify them when thinking of a career change or advancement.
If you’re ready for socializing and networking or just looking for professional development opportunities, here are some business analysis events to get you started in 2018. So, go ahead and save the dates:
When you are unable to speak your mind for fear of upsetting others or not playing along with the team, there are far ranging consequences.
Failures can come from any aspect of an organization and they may be interconnected. A failed software implementation may have happened for multiple reasons. For example, bad project management, inaccurate requirements, poor training, etc
When we have a strong belief about something or a bias towards a particular opinion, we consciously or unconsciously seek out evidence that validates what we already believe. When we come across contrary evidence, our default behaviour is to ignore it, diminish it or in some cases, conclude that it’s wrong prematurely without exploring its merits.
Here is a list of the most popular 2017 posts, as determined by BAL readers. This list is based on the number of page views recorded for each post.
If you are meeting or contacting stakeholders for the first time and trying to understand their world, you need structure. By structure, I mean a framework of questions to channel the direction of the conversation or requirements elicitation.
Imagine a component in your car requires a fix. You approach your mechanic and he gives you a quote. This quote (assuming you’ve never had to pay for this part before and you have no prior knowledge of how much it costs) becomes the reference point from which you begin negotiation. This reference point is called an anchor and its effects can be seen in everyday situations.
I particularly find the concept of feedback analysis quite versatile because it can be applied to one’s professional development as well as the concept of implementing business projects successfully over time. Feedback analysis can give insight into your performance, whether as an individual or as a team.
If you’re a manager in charge of a business analyst team or any team in charge of achieving key business objectives, this article discusses useful insights on how you can trigger and sustain critical thinking. Guest Post By Micheal Gilmore.
It’s common knowledge that people tend to resist change as much as they can. However, without change, there can’t be progress and BAs would certainly not have that much to do. When working on large projects, change requests from stakeholders are to be expected. Successful project managers and analysts know how to manage them without bringing the project to a standstill.
How can BAs ensure requirements are practical, achievable and in line with the strategy and capabilities of the business?
The Business Architecture offers a starting point.
While there’s nothing like having some experience under your belt, Business Process Management (BPM) certifications can aid analysts in some key ways: they serve as concrete evidence of business process management knowledge; offer the opportunity to learn new concepts /best practices; and benefit from the experience of trainers/mentors.
When elicitation focuses on identifying exceptions and failure points, it’s a form of risk management. The idea is to find potential solutions to these questions and include them as part of requirements to reduce the probability of missing out on critical requirements.
The relentless pace of technological progress drives businesses to work on increasingly more complex projects. With this increased complexity comes new challenges and roadblocks that business analysts must learn to overcome.
Business Analysts play a pertinent role in determining what functionality a system should or should not have. If you can ask these questions of every requirement, the implemented solution will have a higher possibility of acceptance:
Are you having a hard time influencing management or selling your business recommendations to the powers that be?
This article outlines 8 approaches to get management’s approval for just about any project:
In preparing a business case, the business analyst is often required to conduct some measure of cost analysis. When highlighting the benefits associated with an initiative, it is extremely important to also indicate the costs that will go along with implementing the initiative. Information regarding costs is particularly important in making go or no-go decisions when deciding which projects to implement. The business analyst should work with the project manager to identify these costs and arrive at realistic estimates.
Managing stakeholder expectations is essential to business projects' success. If you know ahead what stakeholders “expect” the system to do, you can advise them of this well ahead of time to avoid disappointments further down the road.
According to Stephen Ward & Chris Chapman in their piece, Stakeholders and uncertainty management in projects, “Stakeholders are a major source of uncertainty on projects and this uncertainty stems from whom these stakeholders are, their motives, and how they can influence a project.”
It is this uncertainty that constitutes risks to the project. BAs should relate with other project stakeholders to overcome this uncertainty by improving their ability to convince stakeholders to see things their way, thereby influencing the course of the project.
Business Analysis Career
Business Analyst roles across different organizations can be quite different depending on the organization and industry sector. A good business analyst needs a wide variety of skills across multiple domains to be effective and it really is possible to be a law graduate and make a transition from legal professional to business analyst.
Data analysis seems like it should be all about the hard numbers. That’s what businesses are typically after: accurate, immutable facts that assist in guiding decision-making. Unfortunately, as is the case with anything involving the human race, business data is easily influenced in one way or another by those people producing the data as well as those people analyzing it. That’s why it’s important for data analysts in any field to understand psychology.
If you landed on this page because you Googled something along the lines of “What it takes to become a business analyst,” then you've arrived at the site with all the information you need to know on what it's all about and how to become one.
This article focuses on giving a few crucial pointers to those who would like to pursue a career as a business analyst.
Communicating effectively with stakeholders and BA teams is one of the most essential skills a business analyst can possess. Written communication, in particular, is of vital importance, as there can be no room for error. Any details that must be communicated clearly are best written down, so as to avoid any confusion.
To become a successful business analyst, you require a set of skills that suit the requirements of the role. Moreover, you need to be adaptable to the highly dynamic modern-day business environment. The following three skills define a good business analyst and you should be able to highlight these skills when you are on the job as well as at job interviews.
One of the most important skills business analysts must have in their arsenal is effective communication. In a field where details are key and a wealth of information is shared on a regular basis, productive communication is key to success. Here are a few tips to hone your communication skills.
Not everyone is great at networking. In fact, for some, networking events are completely outside of their comfort zone. Like everything else however, knowing what to do and how to do it can reduce your uncertainty and give you the plunge you need to get started.
If you want to land your dream business analyst job, you should create the perfect resume.
Sometimes, it’s pretty difficult to understand what you should include in your resume and what you should remove from it. Check out the following recommendations. Guest Post By Sylvia Giltner
Many professionals who are considering a move into the world of business analysis are however, unsure of the steps that need to be taken, or the business analysis training that is required. In this blog post, we explore this journey in greater detail and explain how you can become a certified business analyst, with the right skills for the job. Guest Post by Nadine Rochester
To be a good business analyst, one must have a clear-cut idea of what is required of them regarding their roles and responsibilities. A business analyst is an intermediary between customers and the company’s technical team. Below are 3 basic responsibilities of a business analyst.
Lean & Six Sigma methods are preferred by most organizations for process improvement efforts and ensuring the successful completion of projects. Applied initially to manufacturing industry processes, Lean & Six Sigma can now be used in almost every domain of an organization for continuous process improvement.
If you want to choose a career that offers ample earning potential, interesting work and growing demand from employers, operations research analysis is one of the fields to consider. Demand for operations research analysts is growing at an astounding rate of 27 percent. Sponsored Post Submission
When an analyst leaves their fingerprints on the performance of a business, the legacy they create can be powerful and memorable. So, what does it take for a Business Analyst to leave a legacy behind in the companies they work? Guest Post By Negotiation Experts
Companies over time, have become increasingly reliant on the insights drawn from data analysis by data scientists. There is also a corresponding increase in the use of systems to crunch data and predict trends.
What’s the difference between the Business Analyst and Data Scientist role, one wonders?
Are you looking for a change in career? Exploring the trends below will help you understand which business analysis specializations are in demand. Sponsored Post By Samantha Collins
As part of executing software development projects, the business analyst participates in the following project-related activities: Sponsored post by Samantha Collins
When interviewing stakeholders, it’s important to take time to listen actively to what is being said to avoid missing key requirements. Being an active listener requires concentration and effort. Follow these tips, and you’ll be able to listen more actively during your engagements with stakeholders:
Gaining work experience is extremely essential to breaking into the Canadian Job Market. If you’re a business analyst in Canada looking to retrain, get some work experience under your belt and launch your business analysis career, here are some college degrees in Canada that are relatively quick to get (require an investment of up to a year of your time), have flexible study schedules and come with opportunities for work experience.
We all make mistakes. In fact, that’s how we learn. It’s however extremely important to understand what mistakes are, the different types of mistakes and how they happen so that we can learn from them and prevent them from happening again in the future.
Introverts are a special group of people who need sufficient time to make sense of a situation, reflect and analyze information. They need to process information before taking a position on issues. Business meetings can seem chaotic to them with different people going off in different directions and throwing up suggestions that don’t seem well thought out.
The Say:Do ratio is a concept that seeks to rate a person’s reliability by comparing what they say they’ll do to what they actually do: The ‘Say:Do' ratio. It’s all about keeping your promises and doing what you say you’ll do.
One of the core competencies business analysts should have is the ability to facilitate business meetings. From elicitation to analysis, meetings are a true test of a business analyst’s facilitation skills. As a business analyst, you may love meetings, or you may hate them, but they aren’t going anywhere anytime soon, so it’s best to learn how to organize and run meetings effectively.
Listening is one of the most powerful skills that any business analyst can have in his or her toolbox, and the technique of active listening has been helping business professionals become better listeners since Carl Rogers and Richard Farson coined the term “active listening” in 1987.
An average US company spends $4,000 to fill an open position. This means that they follow rigorous recruiting procedures and nothing but the best resume can help you to get your foot in the interview door. Here are 6 resume writing secrets that can help you land an interview and get a job as a business analysts.
To remain significant as a business, you need to make existing processes efficient and lean. Of course, processes are inherent in every organization, but they can be cumbersome and not achieve their set goals if not executed the right way or you don't have the required resources to spearhead process change efforts. Guest Post By Owen McGab Enaohwo
There are few things in life more daunting than hunting for a new job. Heart palpitations while in front of a panel of interviewers and trying to present yourself in the best possible light is difficult enough as it is, even without knowing that you’re just one of dozens—if not hundreds—of candidates.
One possible reason workplace conflicts are so common is the inability of people who are responsible for handling them to deal with conflicts as well as they should. What are some of the most important conflict-resolution strategies and techniques that managers and non-managers alike can use to avoid conflicts at the workplace? Here's a list that every BA can learn from.
A blog visitor contacted me last week and wanted answers to some questions relating to business analysis. Here's an excerpt of my response. If there's any question you would like answered, please leave a comment below and I'll try to get your response out as soon as I can!
Here we go...
The U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics estimates that American employers will need about 876,000 business analysis-related professionals by 2020. The demand for business analysts is clearly here, but the question is, who will take the best jobs?
Dale Turner, an American songwriter and rock musician, once said that some of the most memorable lessons we will ever learn are from past mistakes. As a new BA, there’s a world of possible mistakes though not all mistakes need to be made if they can be anticipated and prevented. Here are some examples of common mistakes every BA should be aware of and avoid:
Business Analysis Technology
Dealing with the massive amounts of data that enable Big Data applications is going to need you to take several issues into consideration before adopting a permanent platform for the long-term. This includes data management issues, lack of available manpower and synchronizing data across different sources. Guest Post
The use of data analytics is rapidly changing how many industries operate at nearly every level. The healthcare sector is no exception, and it’s transforming the massive mountains of data it generates into powerful tools. Everything from patient care to administrative efforts is being revolutionized through the use of data analytics, leading to a more efficient and healthy world.
Wouldn’t it be helpful if businesses facing imminent disaster could have had a way to predict the difficulties they face? With the powers of prediction, however, it is possible. This isn’t magic but a scientific art involving data collection, analysis and application. Guest Post By Devin Morrissey
Over the years, advancements in technology have significantly changed how businesses operate. This is especially the case when you consider how the healthcare industry has developed over the last several years. Guest Post By Devin Morrissey
Anyone running a business nowadays knows that technology is a major contributor to success, no matter the industry. Hardware, applications/programs, and the like, are what we use to not only complete many of our daily tasks, but also to stay connected with our teams, customers and suppliers. As a result, precious client and organizational data is transferred and stored using technology regularly. This system, while helpful, may put sensitive information at risk.
What is an enterprise resource planning (ERP) system, and how do you determine if your company really needs one? First, let’s define what an ERP system is. Then we can look into why you would need one and whether the benefits of an ERP system for your company would more than justify the time and expense of selecting and implementing one.
There are a few choices available to businesses in the world of analytics: you can use powerful, modern predictive analytics software, you can employ an actual statistician, or you can use a blended approach with both software and statisticians. There are pros and cons to each method, and the one that is right for your business will not only depend on what type of business you have but also how you use data. Guest Post By Devin Morrissey
With the way blockchain is thrown around as a buzzword in most technology headlines, an uninformed party might presume that it's an all-knowing artificial intelligence machine that can do anything from powering Bitcoin to tying your shoe laces. The technology can also confuse anyone who isn’t fluent in advanced IT lingo. Blockchain is the technology behind Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, but what does it mean? Sponsored Post
No matter what business you're in, chances are big data has already transformed it - and if not, it soon will.
Big data has already changed our lives in dramatic ways, and is poised to become an even more crucial component of the business world. If you're not prepared for the ways in which big data will impact your company, it's time to start looking forward.
If you’re working as part of an agile team and are looking for software tools to help report work in progress, backlog items, create reports and generate other artefacts typically produced by agile teams, you’ve probably already come across Trello and Jira. In addition to these tools however, there are other tools in the market you may explore, depending on the peculiarities of your project.
“In the workplace, companies that can effectively exploit the IoT may ultimately have a competitive advantage,” DeVry University notes. “Harnessing all of the data constantly streaming from devices in the IoT is not an easy task. Companies that have the means to identify the best sources of data and analyze it can make informed decisions more quickly than ever before.”
Software security is a necessity in today’s world. If a company has horrible security, no one will ever purchase their brand of software. There are always new mandates, and if those aren’t an issue, you can be certain that there will be a few disgruntled customers who demand that the company in question deliver on their security claims. Guest post by Sophie Ross
Analytics is a constantly changing field. The demand for business analysts that understand this changing landscape has been growing steadily over the past few years. New technologies, analytical techniques and methods of gathering data all play a part in developing analytics trends. Staying ahead of the curve in this field is as important as the ability to do in-depth analysis and present your findings in an engaging way. Guess Post
This article provides a list of interactive prototyping tools with free trial access (some are offered completely free) for simple projects. So, if you’re looking for an interactive prototyping tool to create your mockups, or just exploring the market before making a purchase, explore the options below:
This article explores what RPA really is and touches on its perceived advantages and disadvantages.
Despite the well-touted benefits of robotic process automation, there are a few caveats implementation teams should keep in mind for a successful implementation of robotic process automation projects:
Business technology continues to evolve in many ways. Some of these changes have the potential to revolutionalize business operations, if properly implemented. The following are some trends business analysts should be aware of. Sponsored Post
As a practising BA Consultant for the past 25 years, I have come across many business analysis tools. I was forced to use some of these tools because my clients and organizations where I worked required me to. I do read about a lot of blogs and articles on the subject of which business analysis tool is used most extensively in industry. Many of them appear to be simple marketing propaganda by the tool vendors (or copy paste from someone else’s blogs) touting which particular tool is the greatest for business analysts.
There are plenty of tools you should implement in your organization to improve your processes and consistently grow your business. BPM software is definitely one of them. Read on to explore how it can help you improve your business workflow.
Is big data the next buzzword that’s going to fade away or a fancy term for a phenomenon that’s here to stay? Guest Post By Olivia
The idea of representing data visually has been around for ages. In the business setting, we visualize data to help decision-makers grasp difficult concepts or identify new patterns, often using pie charts, graphs, infographics, and other visual aids.
In some cases, a software application will need to send data to or receive data from another. How does one achieve this integration between two separate applications built with separate development languages? An application programming interface (API) is a set of routines for achieving this. It specifies how software components should communicate with one another.
User stories play an important role in agile software development. Their main goal is to shift the focus from writing about requirements to talking about them.
There are plenty of try-before-you-pay-a-lot offers for Requirement Management Software. Good, free RM software, however, is rare. This article sketches out three of the most promising packages and informs you of the pros and cons of each. Not all of them are winners. But there are still some excellent, free bargains available. Let’s see what’s out there.
Communicating requirements visually is a very effective way of communicating with stakeholders. However, if you’re not a designer, creating beautiful visual diagrams, charts, plans, and maps can seem like a challenge. Luckily, we have tools like Lucidchart, that make it simple to communicate with stakeholders using easy-to-use tools and pre-designed templates.
Though having a technical background is not a prerequisite to becoming an effective business analyst, it is important that BAs understand the underlying technology behind the solutions they propose, so that they can better advise stakeholders on its limitations and possibilities.
Since the invention and introduction of the entity-relationship modelling technique by Peter Chen in 1970s, data modelling techniques have been used to represent information requirements of an organization as well as describe how data should be used to meet the requirements given by the end user.
You shouldn’t have to create an excellent design from scratch. Most apps are the result of iterative design, a methodology based on a cyclic process of prototyping, testing, analyzing, and refining. Design mockups play a significant role in regards to this methodology, allowing designers to create example designs in a fraction of the time it would take using traditional tools.
Are you looking to sharpen your technical skills?
Improve your technical skills or knowledge of technology by exploring this list of free courses outlined below:
Software requirements validation and verification are both complementary processes related to the concepts of quality assurance. Often abbreviated as V&V, the combined process of validation and verification is used in software project management, engineering, and testing to ensure that all specifications are met and the product fulfils its purpose.
Business Analysis Techniques
Within the context of agile software development, the product backlog is a platform where all the potential work (product backlog items) that need to be delivered are recorded, tracked and prioritized. Though owned by the Product Owner, anyone may suggest items to add.
Failure Mode and Effects Analysis (FMEA) is a proactive technique that can be applied to the early detection of failures or defects in products and services. It is a systematic risk assessment process used by analysts looking to reduce the chances of faults by detecting problems and their possible repercussions in time for remediation.
If you are in business, here is a brief overview of how cause and effect analysis helps you find viable business solutions. Guest post by Lucas Cappel.
A roles and permissions matrix, an audit requirement in some organizations, is used to ensure that business activities are covered by identifying the responsibilities and roles linked to them.
Business Process Model and Notation (BPMN) is a global standard for constructing process models, with more organizations using it and schools teaching it as a subject.
The terms “Quality Assurance (QA)" and “Quality Control (QC)” can be confusing or even misunderstood to mean the same thing. In this article, the goal is to clarify the real meaning of the two terms and explain their differences.
Network analysis is defined as the process of “breaking down a complex project’s data into its parts (activities, events, durations, etc.) and plotting them to show their interdependencies and interrelationships.”
The textual representation of a use case shows the interaction between the actors textually and at an appropriate level of detail. There are several set elements that every textual representation of a use case should contain:
Originally released in 2005 by BPM Group, the 8-Omega framework has been adapted and embraced by a large number of organizations around the world for the improvement of business processes.
Requirements scope statements are defined later in the project life cycle and are relatively fluid. As long as they still fall within the boundaries set by project scope statements, they can be updated and modified to reflect the changing needs of the project.
The SCRS approach encourages analysts to present practical and feasible business solutions that flow from the current strategy and are in tune with the business’ overarching vision and goals. Think of SCRS as an action plan for solving business problems.
Process performance metrics generate accurate data, bringing more efficiency and effectiveness to the decision-making process. The data generated by process performance metrics can be aggregated and displayed on a unified dashboard to provide a panoramic overview of the company’s performance.
When deciding between different designs, you want to base your decision on rational arguments instead of subjective preferences. One methodology for establishing a procedure to select the best option from multiple available options is Pugh Matrix, also known as the decision matrix.
Consequently, systems developed using the traditional approaches to software development are rigid and difficult to change. It’s often necessary to modify a large number of parts of the system just to implement a single, small change. The traditional approaches to software development are effective only in situations where requirements are specific and unlikely to change over time.
One increasingly popular method for breaking down a process into smaller and more easily understood parts, which this article will focus on is called ICOR, which stands for Inputs, Outputs, Controls, and Resources.
The essence of VPEC-T analysis is to provide a collection of mental filters and guides. Together, they provide a simplified communication method that prevents loss in translation from business needs to IT solutions.
A control chart can be used to monitor processes for problems and to determine whether a process has become stable enough. As an analysis tool, it can be used to detect when problems occur and propose possible causes and solutions via an extensive root cause analysis exercise.
Some processes, problems, and projects appear complicated, yet their complexity disappears as soon as one takes a closer look and breaks them down into simpler parts. This is the objective of functional decomposition - to clarify how the overall functionality emerges from the interaction between individual components in increasing detail.
The key importance of problem tracking is seldom evident when there are just two or three problems to overcome at the same time; it doesn’t take much to stay organized in such situations. It gets much more complicated, however, when the number of problems increases, especially in the early phases of software development projects.
In a perfect world, our plans would always go according to our expectations, and nobody would ever make a wrong decision. Sadly, we don’t live in a perfect world, and things don’t always go according to plan. Knowing that mistakes are inevitable, the question is how to improve our practice or reduce those mistakes the next time we get an opportunity.
There are some major tell-tale signs to look out for when improving processes. These trouble spots exist to varying extents in most poorly-performing business processes. The objective of any improvement effort is therefore to minimize these as much as possible to ensure that affected processes perform as efficiently as possible and deliver value to the business.
The most obvious benefit of gathering stakeholders with different backgrounds in a single room is the increased chance of spotting defects in requirements before development or implementation begins. Structured walkthrough sessions also raise awareness about the different development or maintenance methodologies.
State diagrams typically describe the states of an object, the transitions between the different states and the events that trigger those transitions. Thinking through objects in a system and their respective states can also help to identify missing requirements.
A problem statement defines the problem being faced by a business and also identifies what the solution would look like.
It can be seen as the starting point for coming up with a product vision. In defining the problem statement, be sure to include these elements:
Six Sigma has continued evolving over the years, and focuses on improving customer satisfaction, meeting stakeholders' requirements, and improving the outputs (products/services) offered by organizations.
This technique is also known as “Item tracking” or “Issue Tracking" and it covers the supervision of defects, assumptions, actions and issues until they are resolved. It provides an opportunity for stakeholders to rank the importance of issues affecting them.
In developing a business case or a feasibility study, many activities are associated with inherent uncertainties and therefore, estimating the resources required to complete such project activities can be a challenging task for the business analyst.
Great project estimation commonly involves applying one or more techniques in arriving at time and cost estimations, some of which are discussed in this article.
Business analysts can use VRIO to accurately assess the internal resources of a business, its competitive advantage potential, and the possibilities of improvement of relevant resources within key business areas.
Personas are particularly useful because they serve the purpose of constantly reminding the design team whom they are building the solution for, plus they are easier to remember since there’s a story behind each persona.
Initially introduced by Alan Cooper, an American software designer and programmer who is widely known as the “Father of Visual Basic,” personas are examples of fictitious users who represent a subset of users.
Project Matters
I finally passed my PMP exam today with an “Above Target” rating in all 5 process groups. Attaining the PMP certification is a journey I was on for quite a while, I must say. I set the goal a couple of years back but was too busy to do much about it. It feels fulfilling now that it’s done and dusted. I’ll outline in this post, what helped and what didn’t, especially for those on the path to getting certified. I hope this helps.
As a project manager, you will be expected to come up with project plans. While plans certainly have their downfalls—they are hypothetical, constrain future ideas, and are perpetually out-of-date—they certainly have their uses. In fact, your company or client will need to review the project plan in order to determine when tasks will be completed, how much the project may cost and validate the project deliverables/scope. Guest Post By Ben Aston.
Understanding exactly what your business needs to work more efficiently as you’re navigating projects is key to choosing tools that will support (and not hinder) your goals. Adding a software solution just to have more tools, without understanding exactly what you truly need may, in fact, cause increased or unnecessary costs and frustration to your small team. Guest Post By Jeni Rogers
Think of the PMP Exam as a list of facts. How many of these facts do you know?
Lengthy or complex projects can sometimes be necessary to support growth initiatives within a company and the skills and tools you use as a project manager will ensure that you successfully oversee your projects to completion. Guest post by Jeni Rogers
Study for the PMP Exam - Professional & Social Responsibility
Preparing for the PMP exam? Here are some flashcards for practice. These are based on PMBOK - Sixth Edition.
Completing a project is never easy. Even a project you are working on by yourself can prove difficult to complete. How many times have you started a project and given up halfway through? Well, imagine how difficult it is for businesses with so many different people and departments working on projects—the high failure rates are hardly surprising. This infographic from Trainwest takes you through why projects fail and what project managers can do to keep project teams motivated.
Fast tracking and crashing are 2 schedule compression techniques for managing time on projects. If your project is running late or you would like to shorten its duration, these 2 techniques can come in handy:
This method of planning is used on evolving projects where complete information is not available. When requirements are vague or the key activities that need to be executed are not clear upfront, the rolling wave planning technique can come in handy.
Agile Matters
The term, Agile, in software development refers to a group of development processes based on solving problems through collaboration across teams. It is a framework that encourages developers to work together, stay accountable, and constantly seek improvements. Using Agile is a way to compete in a world of constant demand.
This article discusses 3 main approaches used by scrum teams to manage work and prevent scope creep, which other teams may learn from, whether organised as scrum teams or not.
There are some activities, also known in scrum terminology as “ceremonies” which support the scrum team in delivering on its objectives. All these activities are important to scrum teams and should be fulfilled to ensure team performance is at its peak. They are:
One of the quickest ways to prove your competency as an agile business analyst is getting certified. Though having experience on agile teams is valuable, it’s also worthwhile going the extra mile to formalise that experience by getting certified. Certification is also a great path for those without experience on agile teams to get their feet wet.
Kanban is an agile methodology that involves constant communication amongst team members to ensure obstacles are minimized, especially while projects are ongoing. It also involves matching the amount of work in progress to the team’s capacity.
Kanban is an approach to work that aligns with the agile framework. Principles surrounding the implementation of Kanban are as follows:
Scrum teams embrace certain core values to ensure their team’s health and success. While these values may also be embraced by factions of an organisation that do not necessarily form part of scrum teams, these values are typically at the centre of any scrum team.
Scrum is one of the most widely used frameworks aligned to Agile and is adopted extensively across software development teams.
This article highlights some characteristics of scrum teams you should be aware of if you are a business analyst and you find yourself working as part of a scrum team:
The role of business analysts can be aligned with agile practices in a way that benefits everyone involved. BAs who have been recently thrust in an agile environment should familiarize themselves with the principles and practices of agile, and go the extra mile to develop competencies that go beyond what is expected of them on traditional or waterfall-based projects.
Governance seems to be one of those frightening words that threaten to stop an Agile transformation effort dead in its tracks. I’ve been hearing it whispered, and even screamed once or twice, quite a lot recently. There’s no big surprise here. As big corporations and Government agencies get increasingly fascinated by frameworks like Scrum, they are mandating their IT departments to “go agile” and then, sooner or later…governance!
A well-written business requirements document (BRD) forms the basis of successful project documents and can be used to verify that all stakeholders are on the same page. Three words that are often misunderstood and therefore misused in requirement documents are shall, should and will.
But first… Guest Post