Order by Phone: 0844 557 5575 | 7p per min + your network access charge
Order by Phone: 0844 557 5575 | 7p per min + your network access charge
Lifestyle blog
Win 1 of 2 GARDENA Wall Planters! [Competition Closed]
Enter our competition for your chance to win 1 of 2 GARDENA NAtureUp! Wall Planters to bring some colour to your garden or outdoor space!...
10 Ways to Reduce Your Plastic Waste
Youve probably seen the headlines about the huge amount of plastic waste (approximately ten million tonnes) that ends up in our oceans each year....
5 Common Appliance Maintenance Mistakes
In order to get the best out of our appliances and to keep them in good working order, making sure they are maintained is a must. Maintaining...
For a lot of people, when something breaks or loses a part, the tendency is to simply throw it away. However, it really is not that difficult to locate the spare parts you need and resurrect the item, whether it be a mobile phone, a washing machine or a lawnmower. Here at BuySpares, we have a huge selection of spare parts and appliance spares available, so you can find exactly what you're looking for to fix your household appliances. Having the largest range of appliance parts in the UK, we can help you find exactly what you need, from Dyson spares to iPhone cables, and at prices that won't be beaten anywhere else.
We appreciate it can be very frustrating when an appliance breaks or becomes worn out, which is why we do our best to offer the most comprehensive selection of appliance parts on the Internet, with over 1.5 million products available. We stock appliance spares for an array of items, including kitchen appliances, washers and dryers, computers, and much, much more. Instead of searching around various sites for different spare parts, you can come to BuySpares and find everything you need at once. So, whether you need Kenwood spares or camera parts, BuySpares has it all.
It can be incredibly costly to replace an appliance if it breaks, so why not replace the parts instead and save yourself a considerable amount of money. Why spend hundreds of pounds on a whole new appliance, when a new part will do the trick and only cost you a fraction of the price? By searching for the appliance parts you need, you can save yourself a lot of money, which can then be better spent elsewhere. Our Price Match Guarantee also means that if you find any appliance spares cheaper somewhere else, we'll match the price.
We have spare parts for appliances from over 500 big brand names, including Samsung, Sony, Hoover, Apple, Hotpoint, and many others, so you're sure to find what you need. If a branded product breaks, it can be very expensive to replace a particular part if you go through the supplier, and even more expensive to replace the entire appliance. However, by coming to BuySpares, you can find appliance spares for major brands at vastly reduced prices, so you can save yourself a lot of time, effort and expense. We also stock a large variety of universal fitting and BuySpares approved appliance parts, so you have more choice when finding the parts you need. For everything from Beko spares to garden appliances, we have the appliance spares, you're looking for.
We believe customer service is vitally important, which is why we always do our utmost to ensure 100% customer satisfaction. At BuySpares, we currently have over one million customers, with that number growing all the time. Our dedicated team can help you find the exact appliance parts you need, right down to the model and part number, so you don't have to worry about not finding what you're looking for. We also offer next day delivery on all of our in stock items, so you can get the spare parts you need as soon as you need them.
If you're not sure what's causing the fault with your appliance or you aren't able to complete the repair yourself then our partner service, Repaircare, is just what you need. Repaircare is a network of fully trained appliance engineers that operates nationwide. Unlike other repair services, Repaircare only offer fixed price repairs, which means that the price quoted is the price you pay.
A fixed price repair includes: