BuzzFeed Home
Brexit Crunch Week
Boris Johnson Has Lost A Crunch Vote On His Timetable To Deliver Brexit By October 31
The prime minister’s attempt to ram legislation through Parliament in time to take the UK out of the EU by October 31 has failed.
19 Cute Little Things To Buy That Are As Practical As They Are Adorable
Don't be fooled by their lovely exteriors, these are also useful!
Here Are The Most Eyebrow-Raising Lines About Justin Bieber In Selena Gomez's New Song
And it's really, really good.
24 Facts That Will Completely Alter Your Perspective Of London
Watch out for those underground mosquitos.
Ealing councillor Aysha Raza, who apologised for her social media posts last year, has been shortlisted for Ealing North.
-
Khloé Kardashian Said She Found Out Kris Jenner "Lied" To Her After Reading Lamar Odom's Book
-
Shay Mitchell's Dramatic Birth Video Revealed She Was In Labour For 33 Hours And Didn't Sleep For Two Days
-
Nine People Have Killed Themselves In The Past Year After Contact With The Taxman, Officials Say
-
Fans Are Praising Kanye West For Donating $1 Million To Charity For Kim Kardashian's Birthday
Justin Theroux's Happiness Over Jennifer Aniston Finally Joining Instagram Is So, So Pure
Why did they break up again?
Don't Transition, Look To Jesus, Sydney Anglicans Tell Transgender Christians
"Our legal advice is actually to quote the Bible."
Shopping
Sort out your life and complete your bookshelf.
What TV Relationship Does Everyone Seem To Love, But You Can't Stand?
Not all ships should be endgame.
19 Family-Friendly Movies People Can't Believe Were Actually Made
I guess School of Rock isn't as much of an innocent story as we thought.
16 Things People Learned About Their Partner's Families That Were Total Dealbreakers
Never meet the family.
23 Tweets About "Looking For Alaska" That Are Equal Parts Hilarious And Relatable
Don't talk to me, I'm reliving all of my teenage angst.
Build A Super Spooky Aesthetic And We'll Guess If You're In Your Teens, 20s, Or 30s
Celebrating spooky season forever!
Build An All-Black Outfit From ASOS And We'll Say What You Should Be For Halloween
What better day than Halloween to wear an all-black outfit? MUAHAHAHA.
21 Things That Prove Australia And Bali Are Both Very Similar And Crazy Different
Bali's beach clubs > Australia's cafe scene. Change my mind.
13 Tidbits You Might Want To Know Before Traveling Or Flying With Your Dog
Here's everything you'll wanna know.
18 Movie Endings That Made No Sense Whatsoever
"I have no clue what it means, but I think about it every day."
I Let My Son Test Out This Service That's Like Uber For Kids And Here's How It Went
Don't worry, I met the driver beforehand!
Kate Beckinsale Believing She Looks "Exactly" Like Ryan Reynolds Is My New Favorite Thing
Also, she does NOT have a "fake leg," everybody!
Live Like An Influencer For A Day And We’ll Guess Your Age And Height
Pick some filters and endorse some products!
A Police Officer Who Threatened To Shoot A Black Family During A Shoplifting Investigation Will Be Fired
"I have expectations of my employees to be respectful, to be courteous, to be decisive, and to treat everyone with dignity," Phoenix Police Chief Jeri Williams said.