CakePHP makes building web applications simpler, faster, while requiring less code. A modern PHP 7 framework offering a flexible database access layer and a powerful scaffolding system that makes building both small and complex systems simpler, easier and, of course, tastier. Build fast, grow solid with CakePHP.
Use code generation and scaffolding features to rapidly build prototypes.
No complicated XML or YAML files. Just setup your database and you're ready to bake.
CakePHP is licensed under the MIT license which makes it perfect for use in Commercial applications.
The things you need are built-in. Translations, database access, caching, validation, authentication, and much more are all built into one of the original PHP MVC frameworks.
Instead of having to plan where things go, CakePHP comes with a set of conventions to guide you in developing your application
CakePHP comes with built-in tools for input validation, CSRF protection, Form tampering protection, SQL injection prevention, and XSS prevention. CakePHP codebase itself has been audited through the Mozilla Secure Open Source program.
The commercial entity behind the framework, and established by Larry Masters, founder of CakePHP, we know your project like no one else. From startups and social networks, to e-commerce and enterprise level applications, we provide the highest quality CakePHP development available.
Request a rapid response from us now, and we'll contact you within 24 hours:
Professional support for CakePHP is provided by our professional services partner, the Cake Development Corporation.
Learn the insights and reasoning behind the CakePHP framework straight from the minds behind the framework: the developers at CakeDC
We can help with the areas which need special attention and a trained eye, allowing you to rest assured that you've got all bases covered.
“We got a high ROI from converting our custom PHP app to CakePHP. We love the continually expanding suite of utilities, plugins, and development patterns at our disposal!”
“CakePHP was the most efficient way we could find to rapidly develop our intricate system. We needed a platform that could handle our high volume of users without issues and CakePHP has certainly delivered.”
“From the simplest micro kiosk app to my highly complex gallery management app, CakePHP is the framework of choice. It allows modular development that makes sense, and it's architecturally solid and performant. Whatever you are building, CakePHP can help you get it done.”
“Having inherited this CakePHP project, I didn’t chose CakePHP so much as choose to continue using it. After seeing the power and functionality of the framework in use, it wasn’t a difficult choice to make.”