Arroyo Grande planning to shift to district voting system
By CCT STAFF The Arroyo Grande City Council is expected to sign a resolution on Tuesday evening agreeing to transition from an at-large electoral system to by-district voting by the 2022 election, a move that is intended to appease a lawyer who threatened the city with a lawsuit over the...
Santa Maria Taco shop murder suspect arrested in Mexico
By JOSH FRIEDMAN The suspect accused of shooting and killing a 33-year-old man in Santa Maria earlier this month has been caught in Mexico and extradited to Santa Barbara County, police say. [Cal Coast Times] At about 3:30 p.m. on Oct. 6, 29-year-old Juan Carlos Hernandez allegedly shot Jose Medina...
Bales sentenced to more than six years for death of Morro Bay pastor
By JOSH FRIEDMAN A Los Osos woman who struck and killed a Morro Bay pastor while driving intoxicated was sentenced to state prison for six years and four months on Monday, though she could quickly be appearing before a parole board. [Tribune] On Nov. 18, 2018, Emily Bales, 25, was...
Cannabis industries’ dirty loophole, research exempt hemp
Editor’s note: This is part one in a series about a loophole in the state and county’s hemp regulations and those taking advantage of the lack of oversight. By KAREN VELIE The signs say “hemp.” But at multiple grows throughout San Luis Obispo County it is as likely to be...
Did Santa Maria police officers assault DUI suspect?
By CCT STAFF A group of Santa Maria police officers appear to rough up a suspected DUI driver after ordering him to crawl on the street, while multiple bystanders videotape the incident. Officers stopped the suspected DUI driver on the 800 block of West Barrett Street on Sunday. The video...
Burglars interrupted at Templeton cannabis farm
By CCT STAFF Workers at a cannabis cultivation site on York Mountain Road in Templeton interrupted three burglars early Monday morning. Shortly after 6 a.m., workers discovered the thieves in the act of taking hemp plants. The startled thieves dropped the plants and fled into a creek bed. “Deputies, a...
Car hits father, drags his daughter on Santa Barbara street
By JOSH FRIEDMAN A car struck and injured a father and his two-year-old daughter as they were crossing a street in Santa Barbara on Sunday afternoon. [KCOY] At about 3 p.m., a Jaguar sedan struck the man and his daughter while they were crossing the street at the intersection of...