Pay a Bill Online
Pay Parking Tickets
Report an Issue Online
View Property Database
Street Cleaning
Resident Parking Permit
Apply for a Job
Online Permitting
Curbside Collections
Open Meeting Portal
Keep in Touch with the Latest City Information
The program connects buildings over 25,000 square feet or 50 units with energy efficiency resources.
The Office of Workforce Development is sponsoring a Job Fair on Wed, Oct 23, from 11:00 a.m.–1:00 p.m. at the Central Square Library.
Come out to the family STEAM night for free pizza and learning together!
Cambridge residents can receive a seasonal flu shot at the Cambridge Public Health Department’s annual flu clinics this fall. While there is no charge to the public for flu shots, people are encouraged to bring their health insurance cards to the clinics. High-dose flu vaccine will not be available at the Cambridge flu clinics.
The Cambridge community is cordially invited to the opening celebration and tour of the King Open/Cambridge Street Upper Schools & Community Complex on Saturday, Oct. 26, 2019, from 11:30 a.m. – 2 p.m., 840 Cambridge St.
The Cambridge Police Department is proud to announce that Officer Michael “Whitey” Daniliuk has been named a recipient of the 2019 Community Peacemaker Award from the Community Dispute Settlement Center (CDSC).
Serving on a board or commission can be a rewarding experience and an excellent way to contribute to the quality of life of the community in which you live or work.
Explore City meetings, programs, and public celebrations
Health and Environment Committee
This will be a great opportunity for job seekers to connect with a variety of employers.
Neighborhood & Long Term Planning, Public Facilities, Arts and Celebrations Committee
Wednesday, October 23, 2019
Ordinance Committee
A flu clinic for people of all ages including children as young as 6
The U.S. Census Bureau is recruiting workers for the 2020 Census. Census employees will be on hand to help...
The U.S. Census Bureau is recruiting workers for the 2020 Census. Census employees will be on hand to help you apply for open positions.
Be a Census Taker and make a difference in your community!
Regular meeting of the Pedestrian Committee.
The regular meeting of the Commission on Immigrant Rights and Citizenship
Regular meeting
Follow the Conversation on Twitter
Please provide your feedback below: