Create Powerful Personal Connections With Email Marketing
Unlock the power of your customer data to create personalized, 1:1 interactions that drive incremental revenue, engagement, and increased customer life time value. All through powerful email marketing.
Upgrade Your Email Marketing
Nurture leads better, drive more sales, retain customers longer and generate more bottom line revenue
Data-driven Automation
Automate and optimize your email marketing based on data and event-driven triggers. Send emails that drive conversions.
Advanced Workflows
Easily create workflows customized to buyer journeys. Turn customers into brand advocates.
Industry-leading Delivery
Work with a team that has ensured inbox delivery for over 100,000 businesses for twenty years.
Over 100,000 businesses have trusted Campaigner with their email marketing for the last twenty years
Build Stronger Relationships with Your Customers
Send meaningful emails to individual subscribers by personalizing your message based on each subscriber’s unique traits.
Advanced Segmentation
Create segments based on contact activity, demographic data and past purchase behavior. Email segmentation helps you deliver highly-targeted messages to your subscribers based on their individual preferences.
Dynamic content
Use dynamic content to deliver tailored messages to your subscribers based on their interaction history and unique identifiers. Build brand loyalty and generate repeat business.
Send Better Emails
Deliver emails that your readers are going to love. Use great looking templates that work on any standard device. Our code base is robust, tested and vetted against numerous device types and email clients.
POWERFUL EMAIL EDITORS
Campaigner provides email editors to suit any requirements. From minor changes, to pre-built templates, to coding from scratch for the advanced developer, you are not limited to just a basic drag-and-drop editor.
RESPONSIVE CODE BASE
Campaigner’s many customizable templates are in tune with how the industry has changed over time. Use our reliable, responsive code to create emails that drive results.
Get Into User Inboxes
Our team of deliverability experts has one mission – successful delivery of your email campaigns to the inbox. We draw on years of lessons learned to provide our customers with best practices for sending email campaigns.
We combine cutting-edge delivery intelligence with human oversight for load-balancing, IP optimization, and reputation management.
Authentication & feedback loop
We work with our customers to make sure authentication standards (DKIM, SPF, DMARC) are in place so that your emails sends are verified as authentic. We proactively monitor spam complaints, bounces, and unsubscribes to make sure that your sender reputation remains positive.
MANAGED SHARED & DEDICATED IP POOLS
Campaigner combines data analysis, tech-driven monitoring and human judgment to curate the most effective IP pools to ensure maximum inbox penetration.
"Campaigner hits all our major requirements, with helpful customer support, the ability to have multiple administrators on the account, and extensive auto-responder and user segmentation rules."
– PCMag
Feature Spotlight
Drive bottom line results with marketing automation
Create intuitive email workflows based on user actions and triggers. Automatically deliver high-performing, relevant emails at the right time based on each action. Make data-driven decisions that drive results.
feature spotlight
Predict Purchase Behavior
Segment on purchased products, purchase date, amount spent, number of purchases, and more to create lists of customers with similar interests. You’re sure to uncover countless new opportunities to generate sales.
- Customer Satisfaction 95% 95%
- Up time 99.99% 99.99%
- DELIVERY RATE 98% 98%
95% Customer Satisfaction
Our dedicated support team is here for you 24/7, 365 days a year. Reach us via chat, phone or email no matter which pricing plan you are on.
Free Guide: Kickstart a conversion-optimized email marketing strategy
Learn real-world marketing strategies, campaign templates, list building tactics and deliverability best practices that deliver results on bottom line conversions.
The guide is packed with effective strategies, insightful data and actionable advice aimed at taking your email marketing programs to the next level.