Rhino Gumball, Candy, and Toy Machines! Lowest Prices, Guaranteed!
Gumballs by the Pound!
See our selection of Giant Gummy Candy!
Spiral Gumball Machines
Have you taken the Beanboozled Challenge?
See our selection of Gumball Machines, Combo Rack Vendors, Soda Vending Machines at wholesale prices
Shop Now >>
Buy Wholesale Gumballs in bulk or Gumballs by the Pound for your Candy Buffet at your next wedding or party
Buy Toy Vending Capsules at wholesale prices. See our selection of Vending Stickers, Vending Tattoos, and More
Our line of Gumball Machines and Gumball Dispensers are perfect for your home or office, including Refill Gumballs
We are proud Authorized Distributors of American Changer, Standard Change-Makers, and Rowe Bill Changers!
Claw and Crane Vending Machines for Sale! Custom Graphics, and a full line of refill plush, balls, and more...
Find Parts and Keys: Rhino Vending, Beaver, Northwestern, Eagle, and More!
Take advantage of FREE SHIPPING on select Gumball Banks, Dispensers and Refill Supplies.
[BLOG] Are you on Pinterest yet? Have you heard about this?...
We have the largest selection of candy machines at the best prices!
CandyMachines.com (as it is known today) was founded in 1970 as Vending Masters, Inc. as a small vending route in California. We are your factory-direct source (see our vending machine factory) for all things vending! For over 50 years, our family-owned and operated business has been specializing in the distribution of vending machines, candy machines, gumball machines, vending gumballs, bulk candy, vending machine toys, and other bulk machine vending supplies on sale. CandyMachines.com is a wholesale to the public vending machine superstore! At CandyMachines.com we offer a cheap prices and a large selection of vending machine refill supplies for sale, including bulk candy on sale, vending gumballs, vending tattoos, vending machine stickers, vending machine capsules, bouncy balls, and more. Be sure to check what items are on sale in our monthly specials for an additional discount! Initial consulting to provide the best vending candy and candy vending machines to suit your customers–and your budget. (Call us!)
Order status updates, confirmations, and timely deliveries. Live support follow-up to make sure the product mix is working for you, and to update you on the newest–and most popular–candy and gumball product offerings. In other words, we don't just sell you candy and candy vending machines and forget about you. CandyMachines.com is in business to help your business succeed. Whether you are a vending route operator, a business owner, or just purchasing gumball or candy items for gifts, you can turn to us and buy with confidence when, where, and for as long as you need it.
Customer Service
1-800-853-3941
Sandy, Utah: 1-801-417-9834
San Marcos, California: 1-760-734-1414
Fax: 866-863-5867
Se Habla Español