Have a look at our Smoking Accessories Store!
The Attitude Smoking Lounge stores thousands of smoking accessories - Vaporizers, Bongs, Grinders, Rolling Trays and Papers, Dabbing Products, CBD and Hemp Products, Apparel and much more!
We sell the products of many worldwide-known and ...
We have teamed up with good people from Sensi Seeds to make sure you have a great start to a New Year!
For a limited time only, you will get Free Afghani #1 feminized seeds with every pack of Sensi Seeds you purchase from our site!
If you buy 05 pack you will get 3 free seeds ! If you go ...
NEW PAYMENT METHODS NOW ACCEPTED
The Attitude Seedbank is happy to announce that we now accept the additional Crypto Currencies:
Litecoin & Bitcoin Cash!
We are giving customers who use these payment methods 15% off their ENTIRE ORDER!
Keep watching our BLOG for more information on these c...
20% OFF CASH ORDERS!
Automatically applied at the checkout. Limited time only!
Please Note: The Attitude Seed bank sells all seeds strictly for souvenir purposes only or for storage in case the laws in the UK may change and for the conservation of cannabis seeds. We do not condone or encour...
Check out our new Bitcoin Promo!!!
Spend over £40, not incl. P&p. and get your hands on these free cannabis seeds! Not only that, but you'll automatically receive 10% off your order!
This bundle of delight is waiting for you! whats in store:
UNDERDAWG OG - T.H. SEEDS
From the o...
Ho, Ho, Ho, Holy Heck! It is the time of year for The Attitude Seedbank Christmas promo, so let’s jingle all the way. This year we have an absolutely Christmas crackin’ (OK, enough of the Christmas puns!) promotion for you guys, with 11 free cannabis seeds! We have worked throughout the year with ...
New Release - Sensi Seeds Michka
Sensi Seeds has a tradition of releasing varieties dedicated to those making a difference in the world of activism and have named many of their famed strains after famed people – Eagle Bill Amato, Ed Rosenthal, Jack Herer, Rita Marley and now Michka Seeliger-Chate...
We are once again sponsoring the not-for-profit organization the Medical Cannabis Bike Tour this October and we cannot express enough just what a great cause this is. Taking place between the 3rd and the 5th October, cyclists will travel 420 km through the Czech Republic and Austria and ending t...