Trusted Virtual
Securely manage documents and mergers & acquisitions activity, perform due diligence, and handle contract negotiations.
Over 250,000 professionals from 75+ countries and nearly half of the Fortune 1000 companies use CapLinked.
Investment Banks
Private Equity
Life Sciences
Finance
Venture Capital
Mining
Legal
Get in touch and take control of your data today
Our team will help architect an enterprise solution that fits your organization’s needs.
The CapLinked Virtual Data
Room Difference
World-Class Security
We are the most secure VDR and document management software on the market.
We are SSAE16 Type II and ISO 27001 certified with private and permission-based workspaces that are easy to use and fully configurable.
Learn more about our security standards.
Always On Customer Service
Our world-class technical specialists understand the urgency of business and are ready to help you 24/7/365.
Your dedicated account representative can train your entire project team and answer any questions you may have along the way.
Learn more about our world class team.
Enhanced Productivity
Create and share your CapLinked virtual workspace in a few short minutes.
Teams help you to collaborate with colleagues. Activity Tracker and Q&A keep everyone on the same page and facilitate due diligence, audits, and other critical processes.
Learn more about our great user experience.
Share your files safely and intuitively so you can focus on closing deals that matter.
“We are very satisfied with the CapLinked workspace. Internally we find it a lot more intuitive to use than competing products. We used CapLinked on our recent sales process in respect of our mine in the US, Cripple Creek & Victor, which has been acquired by Newmont, the largest US gold miner. There were about ten mining companies in the data room looking at this asset. We certainly did not have any negative feedback from any one of these parties regarding access and functionality.”
Paris Aposporis
VP Strategy, Business Development & Corporate Finance
AngloGold Ashanti
Your deal from start to finish
1. Upload
Managing thousands (or more) of protected documents has never been this fast or easy.
2. Invite
Advanced permissions control who gets virtual data room access at all times to as many people as you want.
3. Collaborate
Q&A, versioning, notifications, and mobile access are just a few ways.
Get a demo to learn more.
4. Track
Downloads, uploads, views, updates, comments, and custom reports, Even control file access after download from your virtual data room with
FileProtect DRM
We are here for our clients
24/7/365
Immediate Availability
We have multi-lingual availability via phone and email to all of our clients 24/7/365.
A Consultative Approach
Once your Workspace is up and running, we’re here to help with team training, data management, or any other phase of your project.
Customized Services
From full audit support to customized reporting, we’re here to make sure the information you need is available at your fingertips.
Ask your Caplinked questions here. For support please email support@caplinked.comclear
For Developers
The CapLinked API lets you integrate robust security modules into your own proprietary application so you can share files securely.