Free 3D Webinar: Parametric 3D modeling techniques in Rhino and Grasshopper
21 Oct 2019 - This Wednesday, October 23, we will present a new 3D design webinar in collaboration with Novedge, covering 3D modeling techniques for integrating meshes and Nurbs and creating...
The design process at Jaguar
9 Oct 2019 - On the occasion of the new Gaydon Design Studio opening Jaguar has released a document with an overview of the different activities within the brand's design process.
New Land Rover Defender: Design Sketches and Process
19 Oct 2019 - A set of sketches and photos from the design development process of the all-new Land Rover Defender.
Featured
The Top Ten Photoshop alternatives for drawing and painting
Photoshop is the undisputed industry standard digital imaging solution, and is also widely used for sketching and painting. However there are many valid alternative specialized applications, either free or with an affordable price point.
How to learn Autodesk Alias
The best resources for learning Autodesk Alias 3D software: the official documentation, free online tutorials, educational DVDs, books and online training.
Sculpting Cars in Virtual Reality
Future 3D modeling and sculpting software could offer designers an immersive experience thanks to the new VR headsets and haptic devices.
Design Tutorials
Mazda 3 Photoshop Render Demo
A video demo showing how to turn a hand drawn pencil sketch into a polished render in Photoshop.
How to sketch a car in side view
A video demonstration by design instructor Sangwon Seok, who shows how to sketch a coupe concept in side view using pen and markers
Concept Car ZBrush 3D Modeling Tutorial
In this tutorial in 4 parts designer Aaron Walker aka carstylus shows how to model a concept car from scratch using ZBrush’s topology and brush.
Latest News
Škoda previews new Octavia with design sketches
Škoda has released two design sketches that anticipate the look of the fourth generation Octavia, combining an emotional design with compact dimensions.
Toyota reveals new-generation Mirai Concept
At the Tokyo Motor Show Toyota will present the Mirai Concept, a study that anticipates the second-generation Mirai fuel cell electric vehicle (FCEV), set to be launched in 2020.
Volkswagen previews 8th generation Golf with design sketches
Ahead of the official debut, Volkswagen has released a set of design sketch renders that preview the design direction for the eight generation Golf.
Mitsubishi previews Concepts for the Tokyo Motor Show
At the 46th Tokyo Motor Show Mitsubishi will unveil the Mi-Tech Concept electric SUV and the Super Height K-Wagon K-car study.
Suzuki Concepts for the 2019 Tokyo Motor Show
Suzuki has revealed a group of concept cars inspired by the ideas of fun and excitement that will be unveiled at the upcoming Tokyo Motor Show.
Italdesign WheeM-i previews sharing mobility service for wheelchairs
Italdesign and Etisalat have announced the renewal of their collaboration, and revealed the first demonstrator of WheeM-i (Wheelchairs Mobility Interface) - a proposal for a smart mobility solution designed for wheelchair users.
Volvo previews fully electric XC40
Volvo has announced the upcoming launch of its very first fully electric car, characterized by a distinctive front end design without any grille.
BMW X5 M and X6 M / Competition: the design
BMW has revealed the M and Competition versions of the X5 and X6, powered by a 625 hp V8 engine. They will make their debut at the LA Auto Show in November.
Car Render Challenge 2019
The 2019 edition of Hum3D's annual car render challenge is now open for submissions. Participants can send their entries until December 4th, 2019.
Jaguar opens new Design Studio
Jaguar has unveiled its new dedicated design studio in Gaydon, bringing the entire design team into one purpose-built creative space for the first time in the marque’s history.
Audi RS 7 Sportback
Based on the A7 Sportback presented in 2017, the RS 7 presented at the Frankfurt Motor Show features a 560hp 4 liter V8 engine and a number of sporty design elements.
Audi AI:Trail quattro Concept
Completing a quartet of AI-based concepts, the Audi AI:TRAIL quattro is a four-seater off-roader with high all-around visibility and extended range for exploring nature.
Mercedes-Benz Vision EQS Concept
The Mercedes-Benz VIsion EQS Concept is an all-electric luxury sedan that gives a preview of the design direction for the future of Mercedes-Benz models.
Alfa Romeo LEA Concept
As concept designer Luigi Memola explains, the concept represents his “idea of magnetic beauty, sensuality, sexy and aggressiveness without compromise.” The design inspiration comes from Alfa Romeo’s rich heritage. Luigi explains:...
Infiniti appoints Taisuke Nakamura new Head of Design
Nissan and Infiniti have announced the appointment of Taisuke Nakamura as Head of INFINITI Design, effective September 1, 2019.
Bugatti Centodieci
At Pebble Beach Bugatti has revealed the Centodieci, a limited edition hypercar model based on the Chiron and inspired from the EB110 supercar from the 1990s.
Hyundai teases 45 Concept
At the 2019 Frankfurt Motor Show Hyundai wil unveil the 45, a fully-electric concept car that will give indication on the company's future EV design.
Bentley EXP 100 GT Concept
At the Monterey car Week Bentley has brought the EXP 100 GT Concept, the visionary design study that celebrates the marque's Centenary.