Get honest and transparent information, ratings, and reviews on your healthcare providers
Compare doctor ratings and reviews to find the provider that's right for you.Search Now
Write a doctor review to let others know about your experience.Write a Review
Doctors and Managers: Engage patients by keeping your information up-to-date.Get Started
That's why we're dedicated to improving your experience of finding a doctor that meets your needs
Patients are encouraged to search CareDash for their provider and write a review. Every patient must sign up to ensure that all reviews are written by real people. We ask patients to leave honest, respectful, and detailed reviews that follow our guidelines.
Every review on CareDash goes through an approval process to ensure that we are publishing the most trustworthy reviews. In addition, we never accept financial compensation from providers or hospitals in exchange for the removal of negative reviews.
When patients rate and review doctors or hospitals on CareDash, they take a variety of experiences into account, including treatment, bedside manner, communication, wait times, administrative staff, and scheduling.
To stay ahead of the curve in the upward trend of telehealth usage in the United States, CareDash.com announces major enhancements of its ability to support telehealth search and appointment booking.
The Center for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) 2018 Open Payments Data was recently released and is now available on CareDash.com’s healthcare provider profile pages.
CareDash is one of 7 top health provider review sites featured by Inbound MD. "CareDash was launched in 2016 by founder Ted Chan. This doctor review website currently has well over 100,000 verified providers listed, giving patients a great outlet to learn about doctors in their area."
CAPI, the CareDash API, is now available for organizations such as hospitals, health care systems, and reputation management agencies to programmatically update large volumes of doctor and practice profile information on CareDash.com.
Find out everything you need to know about kidney stones, from their types to how they're treated, with this comprehensive overview.
Learn about the causes, symptoms, and treatments of peripheral vascular disease, a condition that occurs when plaque builds up in your blood vessels.
ADHD: What do you need to know? Learn more about the condition, diagnosis, and a treatment plan.
A nephrologist is a physician with specialized training in kidney care and conditions that affect the kidneys.
During your normal dental visits, you're unlikely to need to visit an oral surgeon. Learn more in case you need to get dental implants or require jaw surgery.
Find out how a cosmetic dentist can help improve the appearance of your smile.
We'll never post without your permission.
or