Buying Used American Cars?
Avoid buying a car with costly hidden problems by getting a CARFAX report
More than 60% of all used cars imported from the U.S. to Europe have a negative history
A majority of all used US imports have either been in accidents, been stolen, been flooded, salvaged and rebuilt and shipped to Europe or are subject to open recalls. CARFAX helps you identify hidden problems with imported used cars from the US so you don’t lose money.
For 30 years, CARFAX has been collecting data on US vehicles from thousands of sources and has helped millions of used car shoppers reduce their risk of getting stuck with a vehicle that has costly hidden problems.
If you are interested in a used US import, help protect yourself with a CARFAX Vehicle History Report from CARFAX Europe, the official CARFAX website in Europe and the only legal source for authentic CARFAX Vehicle History Reports.
CARFAX is the vehicle history expert for American cars
CARFAX is the most trusted source of vehicle history information about US cars. For more than 30 years, CARFAX has been helping millions of used car shoppers make better purchase decisions and avoid expensive hidden problems. In addition, CARFAX has helped used car dealers around the world to build trust with their customers and sell their American cars with confidence.
With more than 14 billion records, CARFAX has built up its database with the help of its partners and sources, including government offices, law enforcement agencies, service and repair shops, car dealerships, insurance companies and many more.
CARFAX’ vision is to change the used car market for the better. As an independent source which benefits both consumers and dealers, no US used car should be bought without looking into its history with the help of a CARFAX Vehicle History Report.
4 Reasons why to check the CARFAX Report
SMART
Trust
RELIABLE
INSTANT ACCESS
We offer you unique vehicle history to help you make better purchase decisions.
Trusted by millions of users. 30 years of experience. Worldwide market leader.
In addition to publicly available information, CARFAX has collected information from many independent reliable sources.
CARFAX Report is easy to read and it's instantly available online.
The most popular blog articles
Import a car from the USA
Whether you’re looking for a larger selection to choose from, trying to save money on a comparable vehicle or perhaps realizing a life-long dream of owning an American car, buying and importing a car from the USA can be a worthy investment of your time and money.Read more...
How to detect mileage rollback?
Current statistics show that a large percentage of all cars on the road have a negative history. Mileage rollback is one of the most occurring types of fraud in the selling process of used cars. Consumers do, however, have options to detect mileage fraud. Therewith, they are able to protect themselves against used vehicle fraud and especially against mileage inconsistencies.Read more...
Salvage title for US imported cars
Every year, millions of vehicles in the United States are declared salvage. Very often these cars are rebuilt and sold by deceptive sellers who fail to disclose or even try to hide the salvage information. Exact figures are unknown, but CARFAX Europe estimates that each year there are tens of thousands of these salvage titled vehicles exported to Europe.Read more...
Simple steps for a used car check
CARFAX Europe explains and advises on the most important parameters included in the decision process of consumers for a used vehicle. Did you know 30% of all used cars contain some type of negative history? Mileage inconsistency, stolen entries or an excessive amount of previous owners are facts that change the value of your car significantly, whether you know about it or not.Read more...
WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS SAY
"Thanks to CARFAX I was informed about the car’s past damages: vehicle rollover, airbag deployment, etc. and was able to change my mind on time. Thanks for the service, the price was absolutely worth."
Erhard Eschert
"I learned through CARFAX before buying that "my future car" had 2 accident damages, including one total loss with airbag and side airbag release. So, I skip a lot of troubles for 60 €."
Bernd Meyer
"I had the brilliant idea to try to get a CARFAX report. Immediately to the Internet, paid with credit card and in 10 minutes I had the report. Alert! Problem found: total loss reported, salvage title / certificate issued. Vehicle imported from California to Lithuania."
Peter Stoll
"CARFAX helped us not to fall into adversity in 2017 and in 2018 CARFAX helped us become happy owners of our dream car. For some weeks "Babs" is now with us and we have a lot of fun with the car. Without the CARFAX Report, we would now be somewhere with a lawyer in the middle of a legal dispute."
Anonym