Vehicle Facts,
History,
Money Owing
and more
Don't risk buying a vehicle with hidden problems.
Get a
CarJam Vehicle History Report within seconds.
Is it CarJam Checked?
What car are you really buying? Does that Japanese import have something to hide? If your import car came over the ditch better find out what happened to it in Australia.
Repossession Madness
How not to lose your newly bought vehicle to a Repo-Man! Did you know 250,000 Debts are registered on vehicles each year and 255,000 Debts are hidden on past plates at any one time?
Dodgy Deals and The Backyard Mechanic
Learn how to avoid basic mistakes when buying or selling a vehicle. Did you know that every year 23,000 vehicles are stolen and 55,000 vehicles are sold illegally?
Import from Japan or USA? No worries. Get the history of the car in Japan and USA before it arrived to New Zealand to see what it was really like before it got here.
Japan History
Malfunction, Collision, Theft, Fire/Water/Flood/Hail damage, Odometer history, Recall, Average Market Price, Radioactivity contamination, Commercial Usage in Japan prior to importation.
USA History
Title Problem Checks (over 60 checks), Prior Damage Checks, Odometer Checks, Salvage / Theft / Lien (securities) Checks and Other Historical Events in the USA prior to importation.
Car and Motorcycle Insurance
We offer Full Comprehensive, Third Party and Third Party with Theft Covers. Don't get in a pickle!
Car Finance
Starting at only 10.45%. Easy application. Best Lenders. No obligations.
Driver Licence Verification
This service allows account holders to confirm a current driver's licence record details.
Ownership Check
Verify the Seller before you buy. Confirm who you are buying a vehicle from.
Vehicle Sales Agreement
Peace of mind when buying or selling a vehicle with the legals and small print in place to protect both parties.
Consumer Information Notice
Selling your vehicle? Create a CIN for free. Search for a vehicle and then click "CIN - Sell this vehicle" button.
Batch Reports
Submit bulk lots of Plates and VINs.
Fetch data in CSV or XML format.
Analyse.
Ownership Names and Addresses
CarJam is an authorised provider of ownership records including names and addresses for Registered Motor Vehicle Traders (RMVT), Service Stations, Gas Stations, Financial Service Providers and other approved entities.
Dog & Lemon Guide Reviews
Witty, astute, cynical yet warm and human, this review isn't just the world's toughest car buyer's guide - it's a literary experience that few forget.
Thoughtful, entertaining and often outrageous, it will challenge you to rethink your most basic assumptions about cars and how we use them.