Podcast Hosting Made Just For You
Castos makes it easy to build, grow, and monetize your show
No Credit Card Required
Here are just a few great podcasts Hosted on castos
Unlimited Podcasting For One Price
Host multiple podcast series and publish an unlimited amount of episodes for one price, always.
This is podcasting without limits.
A WordPress Plugin That Saves You Time
Manage your podcast from your WordPress dashboard with our top-rated Seriously Simple Podcasting.
- Upload episodes
- Create multiple feeds
- View listener analytics
- Customize the player
Unmatched Audience Insights
Seeing who is listening, and where, has never been easier with our best-in-class podcast analytics. We give you location, device type, even playback duration for each episode.
These enhanced podcast analytics will give you the information you need to find out what content is most popular with your audience.
Repurpose Your Podcast Content
Automatically publish your podcast to YouTube in one click and dramatically increase your podcast’s reach.
And broaden your show’s digital footprint with automated transcriptions of each episode. Great for SEO and Accessibility.
A Better Way to Monetize Your Show
Podcast advertising can be time-consuming to arrange, and some ads are intrusive to your listeners.
Castos isn’t just a podcast hosting platform, we’re pioneering the next generation of Premium Subscriptions where you can charge for access to some (or all) of your podcast episodes.
Think “Membership site for your podcasts”.
Simply the best tools to manage your podcast
Really loving Castos and the Seriously Simple Podcasting plugin. Makes my life so much easier than when we were using SoundCloud!
For me, my podcasts are just as critical as any of my other content on my sites. I have used Castos hosting for quite sometime. The setup is easy and intuitive. The interface between WordPress, their plugin and the hosting is seamless. And the support is awesome. That’s why I trust all three of my podcasts to Castos.
Get started with Castos today
AND SEE JUST HOW EASY PODCASTING CAN BE
No Credit Card Required