Sell A Picture or Video
Whether it be footage from a breaking news event or an amazing picture of a natural phenomenon or a bizarre looking animal, Caters can work with you to bring your content to an international audience.
Whether it be footage from a breaking news event or an amazing picture of a natural phenomenon or a bizarre looking animal, Caters can work with you to bring your content to an international audience.
Spotted an image or video of ours you'd like to use? Would you like access to our extensive content archive? Or perhaps you'd simply like to read our latest content or receive our newsletter?
A stunning woman’s impersonation of Daenerys Targaryen from Game of Thrones has conquered the Internet. Roberta Pattaro, 24, from Torino, Italy, posted pictures of herself online in the Dragon Queen’s garments for the first time in April ... read more>>
LOOK at these MAGICAL images that have been unearthed and released for the very first time of a Herr... read more>>.
Mamma meow-a! A worried pet owner discovered her cat had a strange condition after the cat be... read more>>
These stunning images show some of nature’s most awesome beasts as you’ve never seen the... read more>>
Can you SEA it? This bizarre-looking fish cuts quite the terrifying sight when it was snapped lurkin... read more>>
A creative make-up artist – who spends up to NINE HOURS transforming her face – has ... read more>>
These school kids have built their own CLASSROOM out of 3,000 plastic bottles. Pupils at St Mary... read more>>
Caters is an international news, picture and video agency. We source and distribute exclusive news and feature stories to newspapers, magazines, online news sites and broadcasters worldwide. We’ve earnt an enviable reputation for our hard-hitting real-life stories, original, quirky and cutting-edge content which is either sourced by our team of qualified journalists or is submitted by one of our growing number of loyal contributors or on behalf of one of the many reputable picture libraries, regional newspapers, or publishing houses who choose to syndicate through us. We have 8 offices in 6 continents around the world.