We’ve got a new kit that’s indispensable for your gear. So hey, let’s celebrate Black Friday really early. Buy a MeeBlip synth, get a MIDI splitter kit for free.
Music
SH-101, the next generation? Superlative Instruments launch the svelte SB01
There’s an all-new keyboard instrument, born in the USA. It’s got the spirit of the Roland SH-101, but with modern design features. And CDM is getting an exclusive first look.
Elektron Analog updates let you sequence other gear, add musical complexity
Elektron just revised their Analog Four and Analog Rytm MKI/MKII OSes. Finally: MIDI out. Wait, that’s cool: per-track scale, powerful macros, and more.
Someone replicated a GPU in JavaScript – and it runs in characters in a terminal
Imagine the love child of character art and modern GPUs. Okay, probably you totally can’t imagine that, but someone did it anyway, entirely in JavaScript.
First Floor is what happens when music journalism arrives in your email inbox, unfiltered
Journalism is often a nomadic field, as outlets come and go — music journalism, doubly so. But Shawn Reynaldo reinvented his homeless radio show as a mailing list, and the results are refreshing. The odd thing is, reading through First Floor feels more intimate than the days of print writing. Don’t get me wrong – […]
The dorky recorder you had in school just got a futuristic remake
The recorder’s simplicity has made it ubiquitous in music education. Digital builders want to refresh it and make it cool – and no, this isn’t an April Fools’ joke.
Techno to terraforming: this ex-Berlin collective is planting 27,027 trees in Portugal
Could techno makers wind up shifting to rural landscapes from the usual urban ones? One collective imagines “terraforming … a sustainable green oasis.”
Novation Launchpad X, mini are the latest take on the hit music grid controller
Novation’s new grids remain straightforward, but now offer updated expressive and portable versions. And a separate bonus – DIYers wanting to make custom apps for these grids will find it easier than ever. It’s now a full decade since the first Launchpad burst on the scene. There were grids before, and certainly a multitude of […]
A poetic choreographic vision of change, in Hercules & Love Affair video
It’s called “dance music,” but it’s rare to find music, movement, and emotion captured to film. That’s what makes this new music video must-watch.
Fractal Bits is a drum synth with over 4 billion sounds, for iOS and Android [warmplace.ru]
Alexander Zolotov, genius creator of SunVox and other tools, strikes again. This time, you get a “fractal” drum synth capable of producing some four billion unique sounds.