The studio’s founders: Michał Kiciński and Marcin Iwiński, both pioneers in video game distribution in Poland in the 90s, decided to employ their gaming industry experience in video game development. In 2007, The Witcher was born.
DISCOVER THE WORLD OF OFFICIAL CD PROJEKT RED MERCHANDISE!
Cyberpunk 2077
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt
Promised Land 2018
Join us!
Check out our job offers!
Thronebreaker: The Witcher Tales
PLAY FREE
DISCOVER THE WORLD OF OFFICIAL CD PROJEKT RED MERCHANDISE!
Cyberpunk 2077
Join us for a new episode of TWiG!
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt — Complete Edition for Nintendo Switch released yesterday! On this occasion we’d like to give all of you an opportunity to win a brand new Switch console to try it out!
Quotes
Welcome to CD PROJEKT RED,
the industry leader in creating video games that resonate with gamers from all around the world.
Established in 2002, located in Warsaw (HQ), Kraków and Wrocław, Poland, CD PROJEKT RED was born out of raw passion for video games.
The studio’s founders: Michał Kiciński and Marcin Iwiński, both pioneers in video game distribution in Poland in the 90s, decided to employ their gaming industry experience in video game development. In 2007, The Witcher was born.
There is an inner fire, fueled in every member of the studio. It comes from what we surround ourselves with, from the games we play, from where we live and who we are accompanied by.
We want to hone that fire and make it grow. It’s what makes the games we create so unique. As a studio, we have one mission: making the best video games on the planet.
We want to tell breathtaking, mature stories to global audiences, without losing the attention to detail that has made us who we are today.
The studio is home to well over 550 game-making professionals from all over the globe. We speak many different languages but share one love — games.
Whether it’s through the unique atmosphere of the work environment we create or the fresh approach to the projects we’re involved in, CD PROJEKT RED is a place that escapes the confines of corporate-style game development. Thanks to this approach, we offer you what others cannot — an opportunity to make games you’d like to play and the freedom to express yourself by creating what you love.