This privacy policy sets out how we use and protect any information that you may
choose to give us when you use this Website.
As you are our esteemed visitors, we are committed to protecting your privacy. The
Website collects the personal information which you choose to share with us like
your name, contact details and Email ID. Moreover, Website collects information
related to the usage of the Website, such as from which IP address the Website was
requested
The Website does not sell, rent or lease any such information about the user's usage
of site and information collected therefrom to any third parties. The Website will
disclose the usage and the information, if required to do so by law or in the good
faith belief that such action is necessary to:
(a) Conform or comply with legal process;
(b) Protect and defend the rights or property of Website, or
(c) Act in urgent circumstances to protect you as the user of Website.
You understand and acknowledge that CEAT does not indulge in any spam, chain
emails, advertising solicitations and similar email solicitations which are expressly
prohibited.
COOKIE POLICY
Cookies are small text files saved to your computer on hard drive by a webpage
server that tracks, saves and stores information about your interactions and usage of
the Website. This allows the Website, through its server, to provide the users with a
tailored experience for this Website.
You are advised that if you wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from this
Website onto your computer’s hard drive, you should take necessary steps within
your web browsers security settings to block all cookies from this Website. Other
cookies may be stored to your computer’s hard drive by external vendors when this
Website uses any sponsored links or advertisements. Such cookies are used for
conversion and referral tracking and typically expire after 30 days, though some may
take longer. No personal information is stored, saved or collected.
Please Note: If you continue to use this Website without changing your browser
settings, it is assumed that you have consented to receive all cookies on this
Website.
Website uses “cookies” in following two formats:
- Session cookies: These are temporary cookies, which only exist in the
period you access the website (or more strictly, until you close the browserafter accessing the website). Session cookies help the Website to
remember what you chose on the previous page, therefore avoiding the
need to re-enter information and improve your experience whilst using the
Website. These cookies do not contain personal information and cannot
be used to identify you.
- Persistent cookies :These are cookies, which remain on your device after
you have visited our website. Persistent cookies help us identify you as a
unique visitor.
What we collect:
We may collect the following information which you choose to share at your
discretion:
- Name and contact information including email address
- Demographic information such as city of residence, postal code.
- Other information relevant to customers or any offers
What we do with the information we gather:
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better
service, and in particular for the following reasons:
-
Internal record keeping and use within the organization irrespective of
territorial boundaries.
- We may use the information to improve our products and services.
- We may periodically send promotional email about new products, special
offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the
email address which you have provided.
- From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for
market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.
Please Note : By continuing to use the website, it will be assumed that the user
agrees to receive calls/communication from CEAT even if the number is registered in
DND ( Do not Disturb ) registry and I agree to receive product and order updates from
CEAT Tyres on my WhatsApp number.
Website may update this Privacy Policy at any time and it is your responsibility to
periodically review this Privacy Policy.
We do not otherwise disclose any information about you, unless required by law,
local regulations and law enforcement officers. We welcome your feedback,
comments about this Website or the feedback about our products. If CEAT merges
with, acquires or is sold to another firm or goes into bankruptcy, we may share files,
password and email records with our business and merger partners. You undertake
that you shall not transmit to or from this Website any unlawful, threatening,
defamatory, obscene, inflammatory or pornographic material or other material that
could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under the law neither should you
attempt to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of the Website, system or network or
to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization.
No Warranties
You acknowledge that you shall be fully responsible for any consequences resulting
from your use of the Website. We do not guarantee the quality, accuracy,
completeness or timeliness of the information uploaded on the Website. While every
effort is generally made to check the information, the Website may contain errors,
including but not limited to typographical, statistical and others, and should not be
assumed to be error free. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, we shall
not be responsible for any direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential
damage or any other damages whatsoever and howsoever caused, arising out of or
in connection with the use of the Website or in reliance on the information available
on the Website, including the loss of use, lost data, personal injury, or any other
personal or financial loss.
Third Party Websites, Content and Products and Services
The Website may contain links to other third party web sites. Links to other websites
and references to products and services offered by third parties are provided to you
for your convenience only and do not constitute an endorsement, recognition or
approval by us. Website does not assume responsibility for the accuracy or
appropriateness of the information contained or hosted on such third party websites.
In providing links to other sites, this Website is not acting as a publisher or
disseminator of the material contained on these third party websites and does not
seek to control the content of, or maintain any type of editorial control over, or
endorse any views uploaded on such websites. As we have no control or
responsibility over other websites, we do not assume any liability for your use of any
of the foregoing, which use you acknowledge and agree shall be at your own risk
and responsibility thereof. In addition, a link to another website should not be
construed to mean that this Website is associated with or is legally authorized to use
any trademark, trade name, logo or copyrighted symbol that may be reflected in the
link or the description of the link to such other sites.
RSS Feeds
This Website may use RSS feeds from other websites. Website refers only to the
RSS feeds designated for general use. However if you have any concerns about one
or more RSS feeds, you could write to us on the following email address:
customercare@ceat.com so that we can take actions deemed appropriate by our
editorial board.
Advertisements
This Website might display advertisement of other allied products or services.
Website does not necessarily recommend or endorse the products or services of any
other company mentioned on the Website and is not responsible for the claims or
representations made by such advertisers and sponsors.
Submissions
We shall take reasonable efforts to safeguard the privacy of the information hosted
on the Website and shall treat such information in accordance with our Privacy
Policy, in no event will the said information create any fiduciary obligations to you on
our part, or result in any liability to you on our part in the event that such information
is inadvertently released or accessed by third parties without our consent.
IN NO EVENT WILL WE BE LIABLE THROUGH THIS WEB SITE TO ANY PARTY
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES FOR ANY USE OF THIS WEB SITE, OR ON ANY OTHER HYPER
LINKED WEB SITE. ALL INFORMATION IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS.
WE PROVIDE NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPLICIT
OR IMPLIED.
For any further detailed information/feedback, you could contact on
Customercare@ceat.com