Important information:
This site does not list all of the risks associated with each fund. Investors should contact a fund's sponsor for fund-specific risk information and/or contact a financial advisor before investing.
Closed-end fund historical distribution sources have included net investment income, realized gains, and return of capital. For more detailed information on the distributions of a specific Fund, please visit the Fund sponsor's website.
CEFConnect.com makes data for the universe of closed-end funds available as a courtesy to its users. CEFConnect.com data are supplied by the service provider, Morningstar. For certain data points, Morningstar uses publicly-available sources such as the Fund’s annual or semi-annual report, public announcements, press releases or regulatory filings; in some cases, it may rely on direct feeds from the Fund or Fund sponsor. Although the methodology behind the data shown for the products on this site may generally be the same as the Fund sponsor’s, the data itself may differ from that shown on the Fund website due to the frequency of the updates (daily vs. monthly vs. quarterly vs. annually). Users should consider these factors when evaluating the information shown on this site and review the Fund’s or Fund sponsor’s website for the Fund’s most recent and complete information including performance, objectives, risks, charges, expenses and prospectus, before making any investment decision.
This material is not intended to be relied upon as investment advice or recommendations, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objective or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action and should not be considered specific legal, investment or tax advice.
The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement, are Copyright ©2019 by Nuveen, LLC All rights reserved.
Nuveen Disclaimer Information.