It looks like we do not support the current browser you are using or private browsing is turned on. For the best experience as you journey through our website, we recommend you use one of our supported browsers with private browsing turned off.
By continuing to use this site you consent to use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy.
You can book a Center Parcs break for a three-night weekend (Friday-Monday), four-night midweek (Monday-Friday) or seven-nights (starting Monday or Friday). Breaks over the festive period may vary from this pattern.
Cannot perform a month search when 2 villages are selected
You can book a Center Parcs break for a three-night weekend (Friday-Monday), four-night midweek (Monday-Friday) or seven-nights (starting Monday or Friday). Breaks over the festive period may vary from this pattern.
Whether you’re trying one of the many indoor and outdoor activities together, eating together at our range of restaurants or relaxing together in your open-plan accommodation, everything at Center Parcs is made for families.
Before you arrive at Center Parcs you can pre-book activities, make restaurant reservations and order online essentials including groceries to your lodge, allowing you to really make the most of your short break.
UK & Ireland Breaks at Center Parcs
There are five Center Parcs locations across the UK – each one stunningly unique – with a sixth village set to open in Ireland in 2019. All of our villages offer the same great features you'd expect of a Center Parcs break. Discover up to 400 acres of natural landscapes or soak up the sun on our beach and watersports lake.
Try something new with up to 200 outdoor and indoor activities, or relax in a range of accommodation sizes and styles. Take some me-time at our award-winning Aqua Sana Spa, or enjoy quality family time in our great restaurants or the amazing Subtropical Swimming Paradise, heated to a balmy 29.5C all year round.
Secure your booking with just a deposit. You have up until 10 weeks before arrival to pay in full.