Statistics South Africa reported (21-Oct-2019) visitor arrivals to South Africa for Aug-2019:
- Visitor arrivals: 896,978, +2.3% year-on-year;
It has been a tough 2019 for Spirit Airlines, which is facing cost pressure from the recent fallout from Hurricane Dorian and from the airline's earlier decision to drive up utilisation. The company’s projected unit revenue performance for 3Q3019 is weaker than those of its US industry peers.
All of those factors are creating obstacles for Spirit in achieving favourable profit for the remainder of the year.
Those headwinds are occurring as Spirit appears to be pivoting toward becoming a more “value” airline – working to engender a more positive sentiment among customers through improved operations and small changes to its aircraft cabins to create a bit more comfort.
In the short term, Spirit’s valuation may continue stalling as markets look for signs of improvement beginning in 2020. The company’s preliminary cost guidance for 2020 is not producing a lot of market confidence.
The global aviation industry is so fast moving that there is little time to take a pause and gauge the strides that certain airlines have made in turning their businesses around.
A decade ago Air Canada was nearly on the verge of another bankruptcy filing, and essentially had to reinvent itself from the ground up in nearly all facets of its business – cultural, financial and customer experience.
A decade later, Air Canada’s reinvention is complete, and the company deserves credit for sticking to its plans despite some initial scepticism about its growth targets. While it still faces inevitable challenges that have recently included the grounding of its Boeing 737 MAX narrowbodies and other geopolitical difficulties, Air Canada should be able now to withstand those inevitable difficulties while continuing to deliver solid results.
The inaugural Airline Operations Leaders' Summit, organised by CAPA - Centre for Aviation (CAPA) and Aviation Week Network, will take place on December 2-3 in Seville, Spain, at the hotel Barceló Sevilla Renacimiento.
It will cover aviation material costs, as well as challenges in cybersecurity, supply and labour, with aerospace, aftermarket and MRO data, and leading airline strategy, news and events.
Attendees of the summit will hear from the highest calibre of aviation industry and airline thought leaders.
Peru’s domestic aviation landscape has undergone significant changes in the last year and these culminated in the recent suspension of service by Peruvian Airlines, which had risen to become the country’s second largest airline.
But the fate of Peruvian and other airlines has increasingly been called into question as low cost operators Viva Air Peru and Sky continue to grow in the market.
LC Peru, which had nearly an 8% share of Peru’s domestic in 2018, has now ceased operations, and the question will be whether Peruvian can revive itself. Avianca Peru has turned its attention to international destinations, which are also creating some opportunities in the country’s domestic market.
Even with all the jockeying occurring in Peru’s domestic market, the long-standing market leader LATAM Airlines Peru is maintaining its dominance and is also looking at ways it can take advantage of shifts in the domestic landscape.
On 10-Oct-2019 IAG became the first airline group in the world to commit to net zero carbon emissions by 2050. This moves it ahead of the global airline industry's long held target to halve emissions by 2050.
The aviation industry's halving target has been made to look inadequate compared with the United Nations newer and more ambitious target for the wider global economy to eliminate emissions. Governments in the UK, France, Norway and Sweden have committed in law to net zero emissions, and many others are moving towards this target.
Aviation led on emissions reduction targets, but leading the way more than a decade ago is no longer good enough. Aviation contributes only 2%-5% of global CO2 emissions, but a flight adds hugely to an individual's carbon footprint; there is rising awareness of climate change and a growing threat of a backlash against aviation.
CAPA has urged aviation to align itself with the more ambitious zero emissions target in a number of reports over the past year. IAG's move is therefore very welcome, but the industry must act in unison on this crucial issue. Perhaps IAG's commitment can be a catalyst for the whole of aviation to heed CAPA's call.
Bluebox Aviation Systems CEO Kevin Clark discusses the proliferation of the company’s portable IFE systems, offers insight into opportunities in Latin America and highlights some interesting developments in the application space for IFE.
CAPA’s Asia Aviation Summit explores key issues & opportunities facing the industry in this region. A separate Corporate Travel Summit is being held at this time for buyers and suppliers on how these issues & opportunities impact their travel programmes.
The CTC-CAPA Corporate Travel Gathering - Australia will take place in November 2019 with the purpose of providing corporate travel buyers with strategic and operational skills to create a traveller centric programme.
Statistics South Africa reported (21-Oct-2019) visitor arrivals to South Africa for Aug-2019:
Finnair announced (22-Oct-2019) its operating environment is expected to remain volatile in 2H2019, with a slowdown in key markets due to the US-China trade talks and Brexit holding potential to impact the demand for air travel and for cargo. The carrier's comparable operating result "will be between 4.5%-6.0% of revenue in 2019". [more - original PR]
Hawaiian Holdings provided (22-Oct-2019) the following guidance for 4Q2019 and FY2019:
JetBlue Airways released (22-Oct-2019) the following guidance for 4Q2019 and FY2019:
The carrier expects unit operating expenses excluding fuel to be down 1% to up 1% in 4Q2019 and up 0.5% to 1% in FY2019. Operating expenses related to other non airline businesses will be between USD11 million to USD15 million in 4Q2019 and between USD40 million to USD50 million in FY2019. [more - original PR]
Comair (South Africa) stated (22-Oct-2019) the South African Civil Aviation Authority issued a notice related to "irregular findings" from an audit of maintenance provider South African Airways Technical (SAA Technical), requiring corrective action on affected aircraft. One third of Comair services were affected by the withdrawal of aircraft as of the morning of 22-Oct-2019. Comair expects its full fleet to be in operation on 23-Oct-2019. [more - original PR]
Australia's Productivity Commission reported (22-Oct-2019) regulatory arrangements for airlines to access Sydney Kingsford Smith Airport should be improved. Details include: