No 1 Award Winning Training Company
In Year 2014, by Ms. Soha Ali Khan
in year 2011, by Mr. Chetan Bhagat
in year 2012, by Mr. Shashi Tharoor
by Mr. Shekhar Suman
by Pooja Movies Creation (PMC)
6th September, 2015
CETPA Believes in Quality not in Quantity Because Knowledge Matters
Providing Best Quality Knowledge
We are Making Connectivity Easier
We Help You Invent the Future
Authorize|Company|Dominate|Knowledge|Superior
Committed to People, Committed to the Future
In a World of Technology, People Make the Difference
People Making Technology Work
Find the Ideal Training For You
View all courses
Get trained and mould your future
Be able to learn & tread over a Prospective Career Path
Develop New Skills and Boost Your Career
Training plus Experience work together
To Bridge the Gap Between the Industry Requirements & College Studies
Access Anywhere, Anytime
Shape your Own Future by Summer Training
Summer Internship in Roorkee
3D modelling, 2D drafting, sketch-up, manufacturing drawing and animations.
Expand your Knowledge Through Industrial Training.
Enhance your skill- sets
CETPA INFOTECH PVT. LTD, certified by ISO 9001:2015 is Northern India’s best training
institute which offers training in many evergreen technologies. CETPA has designed its training
program to fulfill the needs of engineering students by offering various types of training
programs like, Students Training, 6 weeks training, Industrial training, winter
training, corporate training, final year project training. Moreover it provides student training in
different technologies like Software Testing, JAVA, embedded system, oracle certified,
VLSI, PLC and SCADA Training and much more. Different technologies are delivered for
students training with well-described modules and different time period.
In today’s fast changing technological world, it is compulsory for an Engineering student to undergo Industrial Training. The purpose of 6 months Industrial Training is to prepare Engineers for the corporate world as with the help of this training, a student becomes familiar with the working atmosphere of the industry. Moreover, Industrial Training enhances a student’s leadership ability and confidence and they perform the given task more efficiently. Industrial Training also makes it possible for students to apply the theoretical concepts that they have studied in real life scenario. Keeping these things in mind, CETPA, the best summer training institute offers 6 months Industrial training with blend of theory and practical sessions.
CETPA INFOTECH, the best training instituteis the right choice for the students who are fresher or last year pass out and want to engage in long term or short term summer training or winter training or industrial training. CETPA is the finest training company which offers fresher training in various Northern India’s cities like Roorkee, Noida, Dehradun and Lucknow. The company offers hands on training with the help of team of highly experienced and proficient trainers who follows best training methodology, which makes CETPA one of the most trusted training company in whole of North India.
CETPA imparts Professional Training to individuals from diverse field to enhance and sharpen their technical skills so that they get jobs in to and leading companies. CETPA, the best summer training institute provides Professional Training in manifold regions of India: ROORKEE, LUCKNOW, NOIDA, and DEHRADUN so that participants can chose the training center which is nearest to their home and start their training sessions. Professional Training at CETPA leads to improvisation of skills and knowledge and it enhances ones potential which will surely develop an extra edge in one’s career.
Today’s age is competitive age in which labor and technologies change and become outdated rapidly. This all leads to business complication. A company cannot employ new employees all the time whenever this happens because it will increase their expense. The solution for this problem is Corporate Training as this training will update and sharpen employees skill set in the cutting edge technologies so that they can justify their value to the organization. CETPA, the best training institute improves the skill and capability of corporate professionals by providing them high quality training.
College campus training program is a program by which CETPA provides different training program to technical students in different areas like B.Tech/M.Tech, B.Sc. /M.Sc., BCA/MCA, etc. inside college campus itself in different and latest technologies. This training is important since it contains all the necessary traits which are important for learners to understand before they enter into corporate world where practical knowledge is given more importance than theoretical knowledge. At CETPA, which is best training institute, College Campus training is meant to augment the “industry readiness” level of students making them employable.
CETPA is a training, development and placement company which offer different technical training to technical students as well as working professionals. It has helped many job seekers, corporate professionals and learners to improve their technical as well as soft skills in order to become a proficient professional. To fulfill the increasing demand of training in foreign countries, CETPA, the best training institute provides excellent overseas training. CETPA’s overseas training program is a way to communicate the new technologies and courses to technical students which are in high demand in industry. Since the company an ISO 90001:20008 certified, hence it has high quality training programs with the team of highly experienced and skilled trainers.
Online Training is delivered using computer whether it is a part of training or whole training course. CETPA, the best training institute offers online training in various technologies like Software Testing, JAVA, AutoCAD, CNC, STAAD.pro, PLC and SCADA, VLSI, Networking, Embedded system training, Cloud Computing, SEO, Digital Marketing, and much more. Earlier, it was thought that taking computers to classrooms will eliminate the personal touch that many students want, hence it received unhealthy publicity. But with the passage of time and advancement of technology, smartphone and tablets are now welcomed in office as well as classroom.
Ajay Kumar Garg Eng. College ,27 Km Stone, Delhi-Hapur Bypass, Road, Adhyatmik Nagar, Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh 201009
"CETPA gave me a very good insight of what a company expects from a fresher which was helpful for me in interview. The management of the classes and labs are very good and helps students in keeping the focus on right things. The trainers were very cooperative and always gave attention to my queries."
MILIND GOSWANI
Read More
NERIST , Nirjuli, Arunachal Pradesh
"I recently attended the Four weeks winter training program on MATLAB . I would like to recommend this program to anyone who is planning to make his career in the field of simulation . I learnt the image processing toolbox here in CETPA where I got hands on experience on the latest MATAB software version . Apart from that the Personality Development Program conducted by the CETPA Experts has made me chose a clear path ahead and I have planed my self efficiently for the coming years as far as the career path is concerned."
ANSH
Read More
Saranathan College of Engineering, Trichy Anna University, Chennai , Piratiyur (W), Trichy, Tamil Nadu 620009
"Having experience in IT, it was hard to shift for me to electronics field. It paved way for me to find the Job. Ms.Ramneet Ma'am explain every thing twice, So,that every one explain. I can understand only English. So, she explain once in Hindi and next time in English."
SUBASHNI. D
Read More
AIACT & R, NEW DELHI , Geeta Colony, New Delhi, Delhi 110031
"The knowledge that I gained during my training was very helpful. I had my concepts clear which helped me in my technical interview round. Yes, the trainer was very helpful .Eshaan Sir not only taught us the concepts but also cleared our doubts."
BHANDARI
Read More
Northern India Engineering College,New Delhi , Shastri Park, Delhi
"I enrolled in CETPA for 6 month .net training.I believe joining CETPA was a right decision.After my college ended, i was searching for a institute which can provide me knowledge of latest technologies running in IT industry. My search ended when one of my friend suggested me to join CETPA. Anil sir,Uddayan sir and Kush sir helped me a lot in better understanding the concepts. I am very happy that i have successfully completed this course and that with the help of CETPA i am placed in a very good and big MNC."
JYOTI RANA
Read More
Ajay Kumar Garg Eng. College , 27 Km Stone, Delhi-Hapsburg Bypass, Road, Adhyatmik Nagar, Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh 201009
"My interview was based on a major project that I carried out under the guidance of my trainer at CETPA.CETPA is very organized and it helps students to fulfill their goals."
HITESH KUMAR
Read More
Divya Jyoti College Of Engineering & Technology , Modinagar,District-Ghaziabad,U.P
"I enrolled for .NET program in CETPA for Six month training program. I am very happy to enrolled here. It helps me a lot to improve my technical skills. Before joining this institute, my concepts were not very good but after joining this institute and under the guidance of Respected Director Anil sir, Honorable Uddayan Sir and Kush Tiwari sir, I've improved a lot my theoretical and practical knowledge. Training design is very good which covered everything to get placed in reputed companies. Placement coordinator Respected Ankita mam and Mr.Fahad sir,"
Kapil Garg
Read More
National Institute of Technology , Punjab
"It was a good experience of getting training at CETPA. The experts, the labs everything was very good. I feel very comfortable at the company and learning was a memorable experience here. The placement procedure is also good."
Isha Jindal
Read More
REGIONAL COLLEGE JAIPUR , ISI -17 SITAPURA , JAIPUR - RAJASTHAN
"I would like to thank the entire team of CETPA that guided me on the right track.My first visit at CETPA was only to enquire about the .NET course and i got more than i was expecting here. Right from quality education, placement opportunities to course content i found everything at the same place. Today i am proud of my decision of joining CETPA. My heartfelt thanks and good wishes are always for and with CETPA."
Vijay Jain
Read More
DEEPSHIKHA COLLEGE OF TECHNICAL EDUCATION , JAIPUR
“I just wanted to take a moment and say thank you from the bottom of my heart for how you handle things . I had gone to many training organizations that promised me many things but I am happy by the fact that I chose CETPA which at first I thought as a bumpy decision made on my side . The trainers at CETPA are so helpful that I never felt I have come here for a training it rather felt like I am discussing technical topics with my college mates and certainly gaining .. When I go out of here today I have got a “ METRO TRAIN PROTOTYPE."
Ashutosh Bhardwaj
Read More
DEEPSHIKHA COLLEGE OF TECHNICAL EDUCATION , JAIPUR
“I am a B.E(Electronics and Communication)Graduate. I enrolled myself for the EPD( Embedded Product Development ) course offered by CETPA in their Six months industrial training program and I am glad I chose CETPA as they helped me to build strong foundation for a blooming career through their effective and stringent education programs. My experience with CETPA was gratifying as I was not only made technology savvy but i also learnt how to present one’s self in the best form always."
Dhruv Singh Rawat
Read More