Cinnamon from Ceylon is only one true Cinnamon, and comes from the plant Cinnamomum Zeylanicum. An alternative scientific name for Ceylon Cinnamon is Cinnamomum verum, which simply translates as "True Cinnamon."
Find out how you can identify real Cinnamon from Cassia and never be fooled by Cassia a subsititute for Real Cinnamon.
Ceylon Cinnamon is more expensive than Cassia versions, and it is also the Cinnamon more closely associated with potential health benefits involving blood sugar regulation. However, since both forms belong not only to the same family of plants (Lauraceae, the laurel family) but also to the same genus (Cinnamomum) they share many characteristics.
What Ceylon Cinnamon and Cassia do not have in common is their coumarin content. Coumarin is a naturally occurring plant components that can have strong anticoagulant properties. Because our blood needs to maintain its ability to coagulate in times of injury, excessive intake of coumarin over a prolonged period of time can pose health risks. While the level of naturally occurring coumarin in Ceylon Cinnamon is very small and lower than the amount that could cause health risks, the level of naturally occurring coumarin in the Cassia is high and may pose a risk to sensitive individuals. For this reason, organizations like the Federal Institute for Risk Assessment in Berlin, Germany have recommended that large amounts of the Cassia be avoided.
Five reasons why you should insist on Cinnamon from Ceylon.
1. Ceylon Cinnamon has the lowest Coumarin content
2. Cinnamon from Ceylon is grown free of chemicals and pesticides.
3. Ceylon from Cinnamon is much sweeter , and you could reduce on sugar in all your recipes.
4. Ceylon from Cinnamon is shipped to you within days of harvest pure and straight from Ceylon.
5.Read customer reviews from delighted customers around the world who have benefited from Ceylon Cinnamon.
Buy Real Cinnamon online - straight from Ceylon
We ship worldwide through Fedex or DHL with online shipment tracking