Learn from the Industry’s Best!
Innovative online courses for a successful career in the Art, Games & VFX industries.
Start Learning Online
Our industry-focused courses are the passport to your future
- EXPERT TRAINING FROM INDUSTRY PROFESSIONALS
- COLLABORATIVE VIRTUAL CLASSROOM
- PERSONALIZED EXPERT FEEDBACK AND LIVE Q&A
- LEARN AT ANY LEVEL, ANYWHERE
- ONE YEAR FREE ACCESS
Learn from the industry’s best with innovative online courses and personalized feedback. If you want a career in Art, Games or VFX, you’ve come to the right place. Professional instructors. Relevant online coursework.
What do you want to learn?
Search anything and let us help you master it!
20 Courses
Foundation & Design Program
Whatever your likely career path - be it Character Design, Environment Design, Visual Effects, or another; it’s essential to gain a strong & balanced understanding of good art design & techniques. This is where our Foundation & Design Program comes in.Learn more
21 Courses
2D Character Design Program
Our Character Design Program is designed to carefully build on those core foundational drawing skills to give students head-to-toe training in the art of human & creature character design for the Entertainment Industries.Learn more
16 Courses
2D Environment Design Program
Our Environment Design Program is designed for those wanting to pursue a career in the film/animation or games industry. Featuring classes that cover all aspects of design including matte painting, sketching, narrative illustration, & composition.Learn more
23 Courses
3D Character Arts Program
Designed to take students through the entire process of character creation, & developing the skills in their chosen specialist role, such as hard surface modeler, prop artist, texture artist, rigging artist, or creature designerLearn more
18 Courses
3D Environment Arts Program
This program is designed to provide students with an inroad to the games industry. Students will take on the role of world builder & create a sense of immersion. While refining the 3D content that helps define the aesthetic & gameplay flow.Learn more
10 Courses
Character TD | Rigging Program
Our in-depth Character TD/Rigging Program takes students through the tools & techniques used by animation, visual effects, & game studios. Students will learn to build rigs for a wide variety of character types, using the latest industry-standard methods.Learn more
12 Courses
Houdini | FX Program
One of the more demanding roles in Visual Effects & Games. Our Houdini/FX Program comes in with a comprehensive suite of classes. Students will master pyro and fluid effects, cloth, crowds, destruction, and more.Learn more
3 Courses
Compositing | Lighting Track
Developed by mentors with extensive industry experience. This program features classes that teach students the ins & outs of lighting using raytrace renderer Arnold, Node-Based compositing tool Nuke, & the science, technology, & art of lighting for games.Learn more
13 Courses
Storytelling & IP Development Program
Designed to equip artists with the necessary tools to become visual communicators & ultimately develop their own storytelling language. Whether they’re focused on Concept Art, Comics, Filmmaking, Storyboarding, or Character/Environment Design.Learn more
Companies that hire our students
What our students are saying!
Featured Industry Experts
Foundations & Design Program overview
Student Gallery
Nullam varius lacinia dignissim. Donec sodales orci at sapien faucibus, id gravida sem fringilla.
Speak to an advisor
Need guidance or course recommendations? Let us help!