Put an office into your pocket
Get work done from wherever you are. All your messages are synced across Chanty Mobile and Web App. Feel free to switch devices and never miss an important update! We’ve made sure your messages won’t get lost.
Join Chanty – simple AI-powered team chat.
Get secure unlimited messaging free forever.
Watch how smart teams use Chanty
Your shared team knowledge all in one place, and your team – just a click away.
Reach your team and stay synced with text, voice or video.
Share screen, files, links or set tasks to bring more context to your discussions.
Bring all the apps you use during the day to a single place.
Search, browse and filter your team activity organized in Teambook.
Take control over the information you get with smart notifications.
Feel safe with invite-only team access, data encryption & data export.
I am excited about Chanty. Really. You make a great work.
I am excited about Chanty. Really. You make a great work.
Get work done from wherever you are. All your messages are synced across Chanty Mobile and Web App. Feel free to switch devices and never miss an important update! We’ve made sure your messages won’t get lost.
Import feature gives you an opportunity to transfer your message history and other team data from a third-party messenger directly to Chanty.We support import from: Get ready for import now
Enjoy quick and easy way to share blocks of code with your product team. Your colleagues will open and read snippets without leaving the chat app.
Reach your teammates with @mentions even on the go. Your colleagues will get push notifications to their phone.
Switch to a high contrast Dark theme that reduces eye strain and keeps your focus in dim light or while working at night.
Add a little levity to your daily grind by incorporating emojis and animated gifs.
Got a question? Our 24/7 support team will go the extra mile so you can have easy and enjoyable experience with Chanty.
Learn how your business can benefit from Chanty on a demo call with our team. Bring your colleagues. Zero technical experience required.
Invite five of your friends and get an early access to Chanty ten times faster.
Your feedback matters. Please, share your thoughts and ideas, describe a problem or give us information on how we can help.