HELLO WEDNESDAY
Sycamore Brewing will move into a 16-story tower next door to its current property in South End
Sycamore Brewing opened five years ago in a renovated auto garage in South End. Over time, the brewery’s become a wildly popular neighborhood hangout,...
The 10 best kid-friendly restaurants in Charlotte that parents will love too
Parents, looking for kid-friendly restaurants that’ll you’ll love too? Here’s a quick look at 10 must-try spots. I’ve got a 2-year-old...
Single mom with two kids in college becomes millionaire at age 45 — here’s what she wants you to know about money
Here’s how a single mom of two with a net worth of $1.6 million handles her finances. In September, 143 readers took our 2019 Charlotte Millionaires...
Who’s hiring? 50 new jobs with employers like Lyft, GMR and Moonlight Creative
Feeling in a rut? Maybe it’s time to step up your career goals. We’ve got 50 fresh and open jobs with Charlotte-area companies. Special Operations...
Three-story Charlotte Beer Garden with 375+ taps and rooftop bar coming soon to South End
Construction is well underway on Charlotte Beer Garden, a sprawling three-story bar with plans for enough taps to chase Guinness World Records. The South End...
20 things to do for Halloween in Charlotte
It’s the real most wonderful time of the year. Here’s how to celebrate spooky season in Charlotte. Eat an apple cider doughnut sundae and pick the...
How I Work: 17 quick questions with pediatric neurosurgeon Dr. Erin Kiehna
Erin Kiehna is a pediatric neurosurgeon at Novant Health Hemby Children’s Hospital. She’s also the Chief of Neurosurgery at Novant Health...
Sign up for the Daily Agenda:
Join the 45,929 smart Charlotteans that receive our daily newsletter.
Join the 45,929 smart Charlotteans that receive our daily newsletter.
"It's good. I promise." - Ted
JOBS
EVENTS
Our Partners
Not black and white, or Democrat vs. Republican: Why the tax hike Mecklenburg County voters are considering is so divisive
The quarter-cent sales tax hike is arguably the most divisive single issue on a local ballot in recent history. The measure splits up people who normally vote...
Contemporary Japanese pub called SAKU opening next to Connolly’s in Uptown
A new five-story project called the Binaco Tower is being built between Hearst Tower and Connolly’s in Uptown. The building will house five tenants total,...
The 15 best patios in Charlotte, right now
Need some fresh fall air? Here’s a list of the 15 best patios in Charlotte. It took a while to get fall weather, but perfect patio season has finally...
50 Charlotte Millionaires share their No. 1 piece of career advice for young people
Recently we asked Agenda readers with a net worth over $1 million to take our 2019 Charlotte Millionaires Survey. Within that survey we asked...
Weekday Planner: 19 cool things to do in Charlotte this week including free swing lessons at the Mint
MONDAY, OCTOBER 21 CLT Sandwich Week 10 locations around Charlotte | All day | $5-$10 sandwiches | Details Why you should go: Get that bread (literally) and...
Kerr Putney could not solve Charlotte’s violent crime problem. Could any police chief?
Forty years ago this Sunday, long before Kerr Putney exposed a hole in the state’s retirement laws, long before he was a police chief, or even a first-year...
Agenda Weekender: 44 cool things to do this weekend including the N.C. State Fair
It’s time to work through your fall bucket list — and thanks to Lyft, you don’t have to worry about getting there. Lyft to any participating Charlotte...
Inside the 24-hour race to save the birds that crashed into the NASCAR Hall of Fame
They swooped into town from Philadelphia or New York or maybe even Canada, hoovering up mosquitoes and dragonflies in flight. To South America, they were...
View 19 photos: Gyu-Kaku, a Japanese BBQ restaurant with tableside grilling, now open in Uptown
Get your tongs out. Gyu-Kaku is now open Uptown. Today is currently the start of their “soft opening” stage, so they may not have alcohol and...
House hunting? Top 10 open houses this weekend
Our Open House series is proudly presented by the Redbud Group, creating better experiences. Here’s their top pick this weekend: 3518 Card St.: $573,900...
Agenda Mailbag: 60 quick feedback letters on cash confessional, $300,000 in debt, tacos and mac and cheese
This is part of an ongoing series titled Mailbag featuring items readers submit via email or our feedback form. We get a ton of feedback; this is not close...
How much does it cost to date in Charlotte?
It costs about $2,400 a year to date in Charlotte, according to an informal survey of Agenda readers. Earlier this month we asked our newsletter subscribers to...
Our Partners
|
|