Kandagawa Jet Girls
The project centers on girls who compete in jet ski races.
(Source: ANN)
2 hours ago
Black Clover
Asta and Yuno were abandoned at the same church on the same day. Raised together as children, they came to know of the "Wizard King"—a title given to the strongest mage in the kingdom—and promised that they...
1 day ago
Watashi, Nouryoku wa Heikinchi de tte Itta yo ne!
When the eldest daughter of the Ascham household, Adele, turned ten, she remembered everything from her past life when she was hit with a strong headache. She was Kurihara Misato in her previous life, who died when she was 18 trying to help a little...
2 days ago
Danball Senki Wars
Year 2055, 4 years after the events in Danball Senki W. LBXs have become the world’s largest hobby, big enough for pro leagues to be established, and people to make their entire living off being an LBX player. 14-year-old Arata is a new...
2 days ago
Rifle Is Beautiful
Kokura Hikari is a first-year high school girl who loves rifle shooting. She entered Chidori High School because it had a shooting club, but finds that the club had been disbanded. She had only one day to find enough members to reform the club, but...
2 days ago
One Piece
Gol D. Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and execution of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words...
2 days ago
Keishichou Tokumubu Tokushu Kyouakuhan Taisakushitsu Dainanaka
A long time ago dragons ruled a world of elves, dwarves, vampires, homunculi, and humans. In the present dragons have all but disappeared, so the ones left chose to live together, and their appearance came to resemble that of humans. The year 2x19...
2 days ago
Kekkon Dekinai Otoko - He Who Can't Marry [JDRAMA]
Shinsuke Kuwano, a successful architect at 40, enjoys living by himself. He doesn't like people but somehow is able to design wonderful houses for them.
He has a routine of making himself a delicious dinner and then relaxing to classical music...
7 days ago
Papa to Musume no Nanokakan [JDRAMA]
This home comedy tells the story of Kyoichiro (Tachi Hiroshi) and his teenage daughter Koume (Aragaki Yui). One day, the two ride a train together after visiting Kyoichiro's mother-in-law. He sees it as a chance to get to know his daughter...
1 week ago
Coffee & Vanilla (2019) [JDRAMA]
Oh Jong is a single mother of three children, all from different fathers. She has a talent for coffee roasting, and her bright personality and desire to share happiness and stories through her coffee makes her a popular sight at Ji Suk's coffee...
1 week ago
Live (2018) [KDRAMA]
The drama revolves around the incidents that occur in the police force and the joy, sorrow, and pain that police officers experience as they try to protect justice.
Yeom Sang Soo, is determined to live in the mainstream of society by becoming a...
2 weeks ago
The Light in Your Eyes (2019) [KDRAMA]
A girl who can travel through time meets a man who lives a torpid life.
Kim Hye Ja is a bright and positive 26-year-old woman who wishes to become an announcer. One day, she gains the ability to exploit time and from there, is involved in a...
2 weeks ago
L DK Two Loves Under One Roof (2019) [JDRAMA]
Aoi Nishimori and Shusei Kugayama are in love and they begin to live together secretly. Suddenly, Shusei's cousin Reon Kugayama comes to them. Their secret is discovered by Reon. Now, Aoi, Shusei and Reon begin to live together. (Source:...
08-10-2019 12:08:52
Signal (2018) [JDRAMA]
A young woman named Ruka hasn't been able to leave a theater where she has worked as a projectionist for the last 3 years. Keisuke is a university student in Tokyo. During his summer break he begins to work at the cinema where Ruka stays....
06-10-2019 14:55:36
Daughter of Lupin (2019) [JDRAMA]
Hana comes from a family that has been thieves for generations. Hana refuses to become a thief and she wants to live a normal life. She currently works as a librarian and she is dating Kazuma, who works as a public officer. She hears that Kazuma’s...
06-10-2019 14:48:07
Hello all of our members, I am happy to announce that our new server #5 is working great.
I am intending to move all of our remaining anime onto this server in the next 3 months. We (hopefully) will eliminate the missing files issue completely.
We have 4500 anime series to move. That's quite a lot and will take ~6 months to do so.
I will also reupload the missing anime in this course of actions too.
So, in the meantime, if you want your favourite anime/drama reupload sooner instead of waiting in course, please use the Report button in that serie's page
Please click on the report button, and choose the missing files/or simply choose to request reupload of that series
And click Request, then you're done.
Thank all of our member for supporting us so far. We hope to receive more and more of your support by donating or promoting our website to your friends. We're really appreciate that.
Once more thing: I have removed ads from our website. That means our site will be running on donation only. We hope to get more of your help and meet our donation goal each month. A big thanks to all of our members.