Here on CheckiO we are creating games for coders. We have made py.checkio.org and js.checkio.org where you can improve your JavaScript and Python coding skills. We have also created Empire of Code - a space game with a mix of strategy, tactics and coding.
In addition to the 50k monthly active Python and JavaScript players, who are constantly improving their skills by engaging in CheckiO missions and analysing other members’ solutions, CheckiO is used in more than a 100 different schools and universities.
There are a lot of different ways in which we can assist companies.
CheckiO is a great promotional tool for your services. JetBrains and Hired have proven our effectiveness to offer engagement and their services are highly popular among our users.
CheckiO is also very flexible and open for new ideas. SendGrid, for instance, with our help is publicising their Python API. A SendGrid island was created as a unique way to test their software with our coders by having them solve missions in the game. As a result of our collaboration, Sendgrid receives thousands of instances tests and crucial feedback on direct use of the product.
Are you looking for more JavaScript or Python coders to join your company? We can help you with that too. More than a half of all of our users are choosing to receive job propositions, so we know which coders are looking for jobs right now and we can spread the information about your open positions among them. After you send us the job description we’ll provide you with a list of emails and members who took interest in the opening along with their CV, progress information, and solutions made in the game. This way you’ll be able to get more familiar with the coders’ skills before you decide to interview them.
Here we can schedule a short call or you can simply contact me by email. I’ll be happy to tell you more about CheckiO and how we can be of help to your company.
We know that CheckiO is recommended in a lot of schools and universities as an additional way to learn python. CheckiO gives you an opportunity to improve your coding skills in a fun way while you are learning coding in your class.
When we designed ClassRooms in CheckiO, the idea was to give classrooms in real life an additional resource. One where teachers and students could see their progress and learn from one another.
Let me show you how it looks like first.
So this is it. This is all you need to know about CheckiO ClassRooms before you can get started.
Free accounts have some restrictions but for school and universities we can do an exception for your class. Please contact me and I’ll provide you with all the information.
Thank you for watching and remember your feedback is very important for us. See you on CheckiO!
Feedbacks from teachers
"it was very useful earlier in the school year and generated a lot of student interest" - Carl Turland, Harrow School
"I LOVE the product and will continue to use it" - Tim Maki, Tilton School
"The prospect of using Chekio for additional tasks during training is a great way to endlessly occupy those students who are learning faster than the rest" - Aleksey Radchenko
CheckiO is expanding the world’s code literacy through game play.
We always wanted to create the most entertaining game where gaming and coding experiences are interlaced, where there is no border between playing and learning new skills. The game where coding comes organically as a skill needed to progress in a fun game.
We believe that everybody has their own way of becoming a coder. We simulate an endless desire to embrace coding because it's fun. And we cherish a community where knowledge sharing and peer support are key game components, that help people around the world become fluent and creative in coding. Among our players are some of the most talented coders in the world as well as those who are only starting their journey. Such a diverse and supportive community coupled with the code gaming tools positions CheckiO to become an engineers’ and coders hub for exchanging knowledge and experience.