Welcome to Check-PvP!
Check-PvP.fr is a website that was created in order to help the community. It was launched during Legion with a strong motivation to assist PvP players. In fact, its main purpose is to allow WoW players to find the right partners and enjoy 2v2 and 3v3 ranked arena gameplay together. World of Warcraft has been out for a very long time, and many players have earned different ratings and rewards across the years in player versus player. As a result, Check-PvP helps players analyze and have a very quick look at one player's rating.
Its very intuitive search mechanic and filter allows you to look up a player and see his highest rating ever obtained, and the current rating he is sitting in 2v2 and 3v3. This tool is a solution to the Looking for Group feature in World of Warcraft, that has been proved of being rather lackluster. In game, in fact, you are not able to see a player's rating and his higher rating. This creates unneeded frustration and forces you to look up the player's armory, which often bugs out as it does not show the current real rating at which the player is sitting. Moreover, the Armory does not show the highest rating ever earned anymore. With this deep-rooted issue within the game, it is often reported that players lie about their current rating or their highest rating ever obtained. This provides for unwanted and unfair surprises once you play Arena with that player, as you will only notice his low rating or experience after playing with him. By then, it may be too late and you may have lost some rating already.
Check-PvP is the solution!
You can see both the current rating and the highest rating ever reached. I received motivation to create this external tool and website once I realized that, after all, the only way to see a player's rating would be to meet him in game face to face, and inspect him. This is unpractical. After feeling this frustration on myself, I instantly created this website. Furthermore, Check-PvP offers you extra details. You can see the highest PvP Achievements earned by a player. It is possible to see very quickly if the player you are inspecting has earned Gladiator, Duelist, or more in the current PvP Season. As Check-PvP was launched in Legion, it also shows the amount of Elite achievements earned in Legion. Elite achievements would be earned once 2000 rating had been reached on your character, also unlocking the Elite Appearance transmog set. Effectively, earning 2000 3v3 or 2v2 rating did show that you were capable of playing WoW arena on a decent level, hence why Check-PvP chooses to show this achievement even in the Battle for Azeroth expansion. Moving ahead, Check-PvP also allows you to check the alts of the player you are inspecting. With a clear and easy interface, you can see the current rating of the alt of the player you are searching, and the max they have ever reached. The list can be found if you scroll down.