Offer valid in U.S. boutiques (excludes Chico's Outlets, Chico's Off The Rack stores and chicosofftherack.com), at chicos.com and by phone at 888.855.4986. Offer not valid on orders shipping to Canada. We do not guarantee any threshold number of sales were made at the listed full price. Dollar-off discounts will be applied prior to percent-off total purchase discounts/coupons. Qualifying amount and offer not valid on the purchase of Chico’s Loves™ (Chico’s Loves™ items are subject to change, see online product description for details), charity items (including donations), gift cards, price adjustments on prior purchases, final sale items, taxes or shipping. In the event of a return, refunded amount will reflect the pro-rated discount from original purchase and shall not exceed amount paid. Coupon may not be combined, sold, auctioned, transferred or reproduced. One time use only. No cash value. Offer valid now through 10/29/2019.
Use Promo Code: 45766
Offer valid only on select styles, while supplies last in U.S. boutiques (excludes Chico's Outlets, Chico's Off The Rack stores and chicosofftherack.com), at chicos.com and by phone at 888.855.4986. Offer not valid on orders shipping to Canada. Marked price reflect savings off original ticketed price. Sale items may be eligible for additional discounts with certain other offers. We do not guarantee any threshold number of sales were made at the listed full price. Dollar-off discounts will be applied prior to percent-off total purchase discounts/coupons. Qualifying amount and offer not valid on the purchase of Chico’s Loves™ (Chico’s Loves™ items are subject to change, see online product description for details), charity items (including donations), gift cards, price adjustments on prior purchases, final sale items, taxes or shipping. In the event of a return, refunded amount will reflect the pro-rated discount from original purchase and shall not exceed amount paid. Coupon may not be combined, sold, auctioned, transferred or reproduced. One time use only. One coupon per transaction. No cash value. Offer valid now through 11/2/2019.
Offer valid in U.S. boutiques (excludes Chico's Outlets, Chico's Off The Rack stores and chicosofftherack.com), at chicos.com and by phone at 888.855.4986. Offer not valid on orders shipping to Canada. We do not guarantee any threshold number of sales were made at the listed full price. Dollar-off discounts will be applied prior to percent-off total purchase discounts/coupons. Qualifying amount and offer not valid on the purchase of Chico’s Loves™ (Chico’s Loves™ items are subject to change, see online product description for details), charity items (including donations), gift cards, price adjustments on prior purchases, final sale items, taxes or shipping. In the event of a return, refunded amount will reflect the pro-rated discount from original purchase and shall not exceed amount paid. Coupon may not be combined, sold, auctioned, transferred or reproduced. One time use only. No cash value. Offer valid now through10/29/2019.
Use Code: 45766
Offer valid only on select styles, while supplies last in U.S. boutiques (excludes Chico's Outlets, Chico's Off The Rack stores and chicosofftherack.com), at chicos.com and by phone at 888.855.4986. Offer not valid on orders shipping to Canada. Marked price reflect savings off original ticketed price. Sale items may be eligible for additional discounts with certain other offers. We do not guarantee any threshold number of sales were made at the listed full price. Dollar-off discounts will be applied prior to percent-off total purchase discounts/coupons. Qualifying amount and offer not valid on the purchase of Chico’s Loves™ (Chico’s Loves™ items are subject to change, see online product description for details), charity items (including donations), gift cards, price adjustments on prior purchases, final sale items, taxes or shipping. In the event of a return, refunded amount will reflect the pro-rated discount from original purchase and shall not exceed amount paid. Coupon may not be combined, sold, auctioned, transferred or reproduced. One time use only. One coupon per transaction. No cash value. Offer valid now through 11/2/2019.
By texting JOIN to 57705, I understand I will receive a one-time text to my mobile device so I may complete the double opt-in consent process and begin receiving marketing texts from Chico's®. Enrollment in SMS is not a condition of purchase
and no purchase necessary to enroll in the SMS Program; message and data rates may apply. Recurring autodialed marketing texts will be sent to the number used to opt-in. Reply STOP to opt out, for HELP, text HELP to 57705. Enrollment
is subject to the Chico's® site Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
Discount offer valid within the continental U.S for new enrollees in SMS Program only in U.S. boutiques, at chicos.com and by phone at 888.855.4986 (excludes Chico's Outlets, Chico's Off The Rack stores and chicosofftherack.com). Discount
not valid on charity items (including donations), gift cards, prior purchases, final sale items, taxes or shipping, if any. One time use only. Not valid after expiration date or if sold, auctioned, transferred or reproduced.
Free standard shipping (estimated 6-9 business days) within the continental U.S. (chicosofftherack.com orders are not eligible) with a $125 USD minimum merchandise purchase. Offer valid online at chicos.com and at 888.855.4986. May be
upgraded to express shipping for $9.95 (estimated 2-5 business days) within the continental U.S. Qualifying amount is based on total purchase price after all other discounts have been applied. No adjustments on prior shipments. Two
day and next day deliveries are not available for P.O. Boxes, AP/FPO, military addresses, and other certain areas UPS cannot reach. Free shipping is for merchandise purchased online only and free shipping does not include returns.
May return or exchange merchandise at a U.S. Chico’s® store (excluding outlets) in accordance with "Chico's Return Policy" (see chicos.com or call 888.855.4986 for complete details). No adjustments on prior shipments. Offer may not
be sold, auctioned, transferred or reproduced. Valid for limited time only; Chico's reserves the right to discontinue or modify this offer at any time. Void where prohibited. Limited time only
Offer valid in U.S. boutiques (excludes Chico's Outlets, Chico's Off The Rack stores and chicosofftherack.com), at chicos.com and by phone at 888.855.4986. Offer not valid on orders shipping to Canada. We do not guarantee any threshold number of sales were made at the listed full price. Dollar-off discounts will be applied prior to percent-off total purchase discounts/coupons. Qualifying amount and offer not valid on the purchase of Chico’s Loves™ (Chico’s Loves™ items are subject to change, see online product description for details), charity items (including donations), gift cards, price adjustments on prior purchases, final sale items, taxes or shipping. In the event of a return, refunded amount will reflect the pro-rated discount from original purchase and shall not exceed amount paid. Coupon may not be combined, sold, auctioned, transferred or reproduced. One time use only. No cash value. Offer valid now through 10/29/2019.
Use Code: 45766
Offer valid only on select styles, while supplies last in U.S. boutiques (excludes Chico's Outlets, Chico's Off The Rack stores and chicosofftherack.com), at chicos.com and by phone at 888.855.4986. Offer not valid on orders shipping to Canada. Marked price reflect savings off original ticketed price. Sale items may be eligible for additional discounts with certain other offers. We do not guarantee any threshold number of sales were made at the listed full price. Dollar-off discounts will be applied prior to percent-off total purchase discounts/coupons. Qualifying amount and offer not valid on the purchase of Chico’s Loves™ (Chico’s Loves™ items are subject to change, see online product description for details), charity items (including donations), gift cards, price adjustments on prior purchases, final sale items, taxes or shipping. In the event of a return, refunded amount will reflect the pro-rated discount from original purchase and shall not exceed amount paid. Coupon may not be combined, sold, auctioned, transferred or reproduced. One time use only. One coupon per transaction. No cash value. Offer valid now through 11/2/2019.
Free standard shipping (estimated 6-9 business days) within the continental U.S. (chicosofftherack.com orders are not eligible) with a $125 USD minimum merchandise purchase. Offer valid online at chicos.com and at 888.855.4986. May be upgraded to express shipping for $9.95 (estimated 2-5 business days) within the continental U.S. Qualifying amount is based on total purchase price after all other discounts have been applied. No adjustments on prior shipments. Two day and next day deliveries are not available for P.O. Boxes, AP/FPO, military addresses, and other certain areas UPS cannot reach. Free shipping is for merchandise purchased online only and free shipping does not include returns. May return or exchange merchandise at a U.S. Chico’s® store (excluding outlets) in accordance with "Chico's Return Policy" (see chicos.com or call 888.855.4986 for complete details). No adjustments on prior shipments. Offer may not be sold, auctioned, transferred or reproduced. Valid for limited time only; Chico's reserves the right to discontinue or modify this offer at any time. Void where prohibited. Limited time only
By texting JOIN to 57705, I understand I will receive a one-time text to my mobile device so I may complete the double opt-in consent process and begin receiving marketing texts from Chico's®. Enrollment in SMS is not a condition of purchase and no purchase necessary to enroll in the SMS Program; message and data rates may apply. Recurring autodialed marketing texts will be sent to the number used to opt-in. Reply STOP to opt out, for HELP, text HELP to 57705. Enrollment is subject to the Chico's® site Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Discount offer valid within the continental U.S for new enrollees in SMS Program only in U.S. boutiques, at chicos.com and by phone at 888.855.4986 (excludes Chico's Outlets, Chico's Off The Rack stores and chicosofftherack.com). Discount not valid on charity items (including donations), gift cards, prior purchases, final sale items, taxes or shipping, if any. One time use only. Not valid after expiration date or if sold, auctioned, transferred or reproduced.
Offer valid only on select styles, while supplies last in U.S. boutiques (excludes Chico's Outlets, Chico's Off The Rack stores and chicosofftherack.com), at chicos.com and by phone at 888.855.4986. Offer not valid on orders shipping to Canada. Marked price reflect savings off original ticketed price. Sale items may be eligible for additional discounts with certain other offers. We do not guarantee any threshold number of sales were made at the listed full price. Dollar-off discounts will be applied prior to percent-off total purchase discounts/coupons. Qualifying amount and offer not valid on the purchase of Chico’s Loves™ (Chico’s Loves™ items are subject to change, see online product description for details), charity items (including donations), gift cards, price adjustments on prior purchases, final sale items, taxes or shipping. In the event of a return, refunded amount will reflect the pro-rated discount from original purchase and shall not exceed amount paid. Coupon may not be combined, sold, auctioned, transferred or reproduced. One time use only. One coupon per transaction. No cash value. Offer valid now through 11/2/2019.
Nowshipping to United Kingdom
We make it easy to shop from United Kingdom with:
All prices in Pounds sterling
Duties and taxes calculated at checkout
Low international shipping rates
Guaranteed landed costs (no additional charges at delivery)
More information about shipping internationally is available on our website.