Chime Banking
Banking made awesome
Get paid up to 2 days early with direct deposit.¹ Say goodbye to hidden bank fees. Grow your savings, automatically.
Get paid up to 2 days early with direct deposit.¹ Say goodbye to hidden bank fees. Grow your savings, automatically.
When you open a bank account online with Chime, you get a Chime Visa® Debit Card, a Spending Account, and an optional Savings Account – all managed through a beautifully designed mobile banking app.
Set up direct deposit and receive your paycheck up to 2 days earlier than your co-workers!¹
No overdraft. No minimum balance. No monthly service fees. No foreign transaction fees. No transfer fees. Over 38,000 fee-free MoneyPass® and Visa Plus Alliance ATMs, plus 30,000+ cash-back locations.
Stay on top of your money with daily balance notifications and instant transaction alerts anytime you use your Chime debit card.
Reach your goals faster by saving money automatically. Our Automatic Savings features help you save money any time you spend or get paid.
Your Chime Visa Debit Card can be used everywhere Visa debit cards are accepted and is equipped with EMV chip protection.
Chime’s bank-level security protects your sensitive personal information and prevents unauthorized use.
Your deposits are FDIC insured up to $250,000 through The Bancorp Bank; Member FDIC.
Have a question? Check our Help Center or message our Member Services team in the Chime mobile app.
Banking Services provided by The Bancorp Bank or Stride Bank, N.A., Members FDIC. The Chime Visa® Debit Card is issued by The Bancorp Bank or Stride Bank pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. and may be used everywhere Visa debit cards are accepted. The Chime Visa® Credit Builder Card is issued by Stride Bank pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. and may be used everywhere Visa credit cards are accepted. Please see back of your Card for its issuing bank.
The Bancorp Bank and Stride Bank, neither endorse nor guarantee any of the information, recommendations, optional programs, products, or services advertised, offered by, or made available through the external website ("Products and Services") and disclaim any liability for any failure of the Products and Services.
Please note: By clicking on some of the links above, you will leave the Chime website and be directed to an external website. The privacy policies of the external website may differ from our privacy policies. Please review the privacy policies and security indicators displayed on the external website before providing any personal information.
¹ Faster access to funds is based on a comparison of traditional banking policies and deposit of paper checks from employers and government agencies versus deposits made electronically. Direct Deposit and earlier availability of funds are subject to payer’s support of the feature and timing of payer’s funding.
© 2013-2019 Chime. All Rights Reserved.