Ministry Training to equip You in your calling
Over 70 free online Biblical courses ● Official Credentials ● Ordination
Over 70 free online Biblical courses with Official Credentials and Ordinations
join over 200,000 enrolled christian leaders today!
find out if cLI is right for you by enrolling in our fast and free orientation class
Online Classes
Mobile, Tablet, And Laptop Friendly
Global Ministry Training
CLI Students in over 180 countries
100% Free Courses
Generosity-Driven Model
Are you called to become a Christian leader?
You are called.
There is no question God has a plan for your life!
Christian Leaders Institute guides motivated Christians like you to become effective Christian leaders through the enrolling and completing of ministry training or enterprise training classes and awards.
The classes include lectures, course materials, and quizzes. These classes can be used for personal improvement, ministry readiness or college credit with the Christian Leaders College.
Learn what the Bible teaches by taking a Bible survey class. Take a Christian Basics class or an Evangelism class. Enroll in Pastoral Care or Chaplaincy class. Enjoy improving your own marriage by taking the Thriving Marriage course. Get more perspective by diving into the Christian Philosophy course. We also offer you enterprise classes. All the courses are free. Over 70 ministry training classes are available including many Award levels.
How is this possible?
These classes are free to you, they are made possible through a generosity-driven model where foundations, churches, and individuals as well as students give to keep this option available. You have no obligation to give, however, to take these free classes or receive recognized digital awards.
Directly enroll in our Getting Started class. This class will take you less than two hours to complete. After you finish this class, you will be able to take all the Ministry or Enterprise (Business) classes we offer. You do not need a high school degree, but you must complete the brief getting started class so that you thrive in your studies.
Christian Leaders Institute may be right for you if you are seeking free online training for:
- Christian growth or continuing education, which opens up over 200 credit hours of online instruction.
- Training and credentials for paid or volunteer ministry positions.
- Local Ordination, with global recognition. Christian Leaders Alliance partners with Christian Leaders Institute to guide you through a legitimate ordination process where your ordination is included on a global directory.
- Enterprises classes that help you provide for your family as a Christian leader.
- College Credentials – Your free completed ministry training classes are able to transfer to Christian Leaders College. You can earn a bachelor of divinity (120 credits) and many accredited colleges and seminaries will accept you! Institutions like Ohio Christian University, Calvin Seminary, Western Theological Seminary, and Northern Baptist Seminary.
Christian Leaders Institute gives you the opportunity to get the training you need to live out your God-given call and purpose.
Seeking Ordination?
Are you interested in being ordained with the Christian Leaders Alliance? Christian Leaders Institute partners with The Christian Leaders Alliance.
Step One: Enroll at Christian Leaders Institute and complete the Getting Started Class. Then take the Christian Leaders Connection Class (3 Credits) and Christian Basics (3 Credits).
Step Two: Enroll in the Deacon Minister class that is supervised by the Christian Leaders Alliance. This CLI class guides you to get three local endorsers that confirm your call and readiness for ministry. Do you need a local mentor minister for your local ordination? Check out our mentor minister directory.
You will also be recognized as an ordained minister with the Christian Leaders Alliance. You will be placed on an international directory free of charge.
Christian Leaders Alliance Directory Link
Step Three: You continue your ministry training for a specific ordained minister role that relates directly to your calling. These roles have different requirements. Here are some samples of ordained minister roles offered at Christian Leaders Institute: Officiant Minister (19 Credits) – Small Group Minister (27 Credits) – House Church Pastor (33 Credits) – Women’s Minister (36 Credits) – Associate Chaplain (39 Credits) – Associate Minister (40 Credits) – Evangelist Minister (TBA) – Commissioned Minister (49 Credits) – Chaplain (124 Credits) – Minister of the Word (124 Credits). With more ordination roles to come.
As you progress through the CLI study program, your ministry training directly relates to the ordained ministry role that fits you and your calling.
*If you need official credentials, they are available through our Vision Partner program or for a small administration fee.
Are You Seeking Formal Bible Training?
Are you a new or experienced Christian seeking an accelerated learning path? Our online Bible school offers over 200 credit hours of high-quality classes. The training is designed to include beginners. Our online curriculum is biblical. See Statement of Faith. You can pick from over 70 college-level classes that include Bible Survey, Theology, Apologetics, Evangelism, Pastoral Care, Church and Ministry, Church History, Ethics, Missions and Revival, New Testament Greek and many others. We continue to add more.
Seeking A Debt-Free Degree, Diploma, Certificate?
Christian Leaders Institute offers free classes. In order to make them collegiate credentials, enroll at Christian Leaders College.
Are you seeking a debt-free option for college-level credentials? Our goal is to offer this free online Bible school for you to get all the training you need. All the classes are free. Collegiate credentials have required administration fees.
The bachelor program at Christian Leaders College brings you a four-year degree for a $2,500 administration fee that covers your entire 120+ credits of study. You can get a bachelor degree (without writing labs) for $2,500.
Why do we have an administration fee? Click here. This bachelor degree is accepted according to each school’s individual acceptance guidelines at places like Calvin Theological Seminary, Western Theological Seminary, and Northern Baptist Seminary.
Ohio Christian University (OCU) now accepts CLI students who complete their bachelor degree at Christian Leaders College. Ohio Christian University is fully accredited and has evaluated our program and will recognize Christian Leaders College graduates who meet the academic requirements of Ohio Christian University. OCU has Master programs in Leadership, Business and Ministry.
Get Free Enterprise Training!
Do you need Christian business training? Do you need training that improves your competence and effectiveness in the marketplace? Since the Apostle Paul’s life has inspired our curriculum, Christian Leaders Institute offers enterprise training. This training includes topics you find in a business or trade school.
The DeVos Digital Enterprise Center began in 2016. Many courses have already been added. More courses will be added in the coming years until a complete Bachelor of Enterprise (Business) degree is offered. Just finish the Getting Started orientation course and begin your enterprise training.
Pastors Seeking Formal Ministry Training?
Are you seeking formal ministry training? Are you a local ordained leader in a church needing clergy-grade training? Are you seeking training with mission or collegiate credentials? CLI offers formal training that will deliver awards. With these classes you can get a Bachelor Degree with Christian Leaders College that is recognized by top-tier seminaries and if you need a Master’s Degree, our divinity degree is accepted at some major accredited seminaries. Click here to find out more. This high-quality ministry training with free online Bible school classes will put you on that path.
Pastors or Denominational Leaders Seeking to Raise Up Local Leaders?
Are you a local ordained pastor looking for a way to train up local leaders for local ministry? At CLI, you can use our online Bible school classes for your local church. Maybe you have been mentoring an existing CLI student. Do you see the possibility of starting a mentor center in your local church where you can raise up teams of well-trained local leaders? Offer local Elder and Deacon training through these classes.
Are you a Bishop, Apostle, or denominational leader? Are you looking for ways to bring formalized training to the leaders you are raising up? Our programs of study may be perfect for you!
Home Schooling Family Seeking Online Bible School Classes?
Are you a homeschooling parent looking for Bible training for yourself or your high school age children. Many homeschooling families have received free instruction. Your teen students can start on their college degree.
What is included in this educational opportunity and what is not?
After you have completed the orientation class, all training classes are open to you. When you complete programs of study, you will receive Mission Credentials with CLI or Collegiate Credentials with CLC. The collegiate credentials require an appropriate fee for the personalized service.
What are the classes like?
These online Bible School classes provide the reading materials in electronic format in all classes. Students can do their studies with a computer, smartphone, or tablet. All reading materials are included and can be viewed online on your device.
Over 50 world-class Bible school professors (with Ph.D., THD, and Masters degrees) led by Dr. David Feddes guide your education. All professors received their degrees from accredited institutions. You get the mission credential transcripts on your dashboard.
Is Christian Leaders Institute Accredited?
Christian Leaders, NFP (Ministries) oversees both the Christian Leaders Institute and Christian Leaders College. Christian Leaders Ministries operates through the authorization, as a degree-granting institution through an exemption, by the Florida State Board of Independent Colleges and Universities under Section 1005.06 (1) (f), FLA Statutes.
This means that all classes at the Institute are athorized for credential granting. The Institute grants awards and the College grants degrees. All credentials are authorized and granted through the Florida State Board of Independent Colleges and Universities. Our degrees are not granted through the authority of other educational commissions.
Christian Leaders Ministries credentials are considered “online only” correspondence credentials.
Christian Leaders Minsitries is in the early stages of applying for US Department of Education recognized accreditation for the Christian Leaders College.
Christian Leaders Ministries is a member of ACEA and is accredited by the International Association of Bible Colleges and Seminaries( IABCS). Click here to read more about accreditation and CLI.