We pride ourselves on being the top competitor to Filipino Cupid (formely Filipina Heart). We specifically offer our ladies and gentlemen the comfort of knowing that they are among fellow believers. We also have more affordable prices and better membership privileges for free and upgraded members.
Christian Filipina founder Peter Christopher was interviewed by the BBC's Fiona Walker to learn how he has gained its reputation for integrity in spite of questionable practices at other dating sites in the industry.
“Rarely do you see a company act with such a sincere passion for what they do than with this site.”
ChristianFilipina.com Named 2014 Best Mobile Dating Site.
My wife has much to love, such as I love her intense love for family that left me in awe, her resourcefulness to make money, and her work ethic that I witnessed first hand. I also love that she is a Christian woman who is totally committed to me. She loves children and I like seeing how she plays with them. I also love her accent that I told her she is not allowed to lose.Bob Vitols , Christian Filipina Member(met his wife at Christian Filipina)
Christian Filipina's goal is to be a place to meet new friends with compatible values. We believe that when we develop friendships with others who share our values, we are making loving relationships possible. We also believe that a quality service can and should serve and protect its members against those who do not have good intentions. As such, Christian Filipina has industry-leading security protocols and is protected by a full-time team of security specialists who monitor all new profile applications in real-time. When you join Christian Filipina, we consider you a new member of our extended family and you are among friends.Ivy, Visa Consultant
We welcome members who are Catholic, Born Again, Iglesia ni Cristo (Church of Christ), LDS, and other denominations. Whether you are a Pinoy OFW (overseas foreign worker), or any man or woman anywhere in the world, we invite you to join and be open about who you are and the importance of your faith in your life.Alvie, Romance Consultant at Christian Filipina since 2011
We have found that sincere men and women who live by Christian principles of honesty and charity are most successful at Christian Filipina. Our successful members include Filipino men and women, who live in the Philippines and abroad. Additionally, a portion of our members live overseas. Some have never even been to the Philippines. Because the Philippines has had a strong relationship with Europe and the United States for hundreds of years, it is the easiest place for an English-speaking man to meet Filipinos. Not only do most Filipinos speak English, but they also believe in God and attend church regularly with their families.Marilyn, Romance Consultant at Christian Filipina
We only need your birthday to calculate your age correctly. Your information will not be public on your profile. Do you want to enter birthdate now?