Team Chughtai Lab held a flu vaccination camp at ICI Pakistan
Flu Vaccination is important for everyone to get protected from flu. Team Chughtai Lab held a flu vaccination camp at…
FOR FREE HOME SAMPLING Whatsapp
or 03 111 456 789 آپکی صحت کا نمبر
Chughtai Lab exist to serve patients, because we care about your health. Every thing important for your health you can find out here.Find Our More Services
Call us at 03111456789 now and book home sampling team visit to collect your lab test samples from your doorstep.
You can check your lab test reports online & access your reports from anywhere. Simply enter your patient number and case number.
Quickly find out your lab tests information, lab test prices, reporting time and the sample required.
A nationwide network of 7 testing locations and more than 165 collection centers.
Chughtai Lab has always focused on quality in order to earn the trust of patients and doctors.The lab is staffed by 20 pathologists and more than 70 BSc/MSc/MPhil lab technologists. Chughtai Lab is ISO 15189 certified and also participates in the College of American Pathologists external Quality Assurance program.
Do you know what you are made of? DEXA Scan can help you find our what you are made of. What is DEXA SCAN? Dexa Scan is the Gold Standard in body composition analysis. How DEXA can help you? Discover your…Read More
Radiology Services (X.Ray, Ultrasound, Echo / ETT, ECG, Doppler Study) at Chughtai LabRead More
Endoscopy Service at Chughtai Medical Center Endoscopy Service is now available at Chughtai Medical Center, Lalik Jan Chowk. Get in Touch With Chughtai Lab For more information please email us at info@chughtailab.com or Call / Whatsapp us today at Aap…Read More
Welcome to Chughtai Lab Homecare 24/7 Chughtai Lab is now offering hospital quality healthcare services in the comfort of your own home. Call Now | Whatsapp Or Fill The Form Below Book an Appointment with Chughtai Lab…Read More
Accuvein Vein Finder is a device that exposes the veins One of our most important concerns is that we serve our patients with innovative services to facilitate them with best possible ways. This is why; we are…Read More
We want you to be updated about your health, Subscribe for our blog updates and monthly newsletter to stay updated. Because Chughtai Lab cares about your health.
Flu Vaccination is important for everyone to get protected from flu. Team Chughtai Lab held a flu vaccination camp at…
Continuing Chughtai Lab’s awareness sessions we conducted engaging sessions on Breast Cancer Awareness at the Pakistan Institute of Fashion and…
Awareness is important for prevention. To educate individuals on breast cancer, we executed a session on breast cancer awareness at…
Was the lab staff courteous and professional? لیب سٹاف کا رویہ خوش اخلاق اور پروفیشنل تھا؟ Full Name: Contact Number: Location Visited City Was the waiting time appropriate? کیا انتظار کا وقت قابلِ اطمینان تھا؟ How do you rate the cleanliness of the lab? کیا لیب کی صفائی قابلِ اطمینان تھی؟ How do you rate your phlebotomy/sample drawn experience? آپ بلڈ سیمپل کولیکشن کو کتنے نمبر دیں گے؟ Did staff guide you about tests and reporting time? کیا ٹیسٹ اور رپورٹنگ ٹائمنگ کے حوالے سے لیب سٹاف نے اچھے سے رہنمائی کی؟ Any other comments?