Bring Your Screens To Life
Motion Backgrounds, Slide Templates & Social Graphics For Churches
CMG Packs | New
Every month, we release new packs of motion backgrounds to bring a fresh look to your screens.
Start Looking Better Right Now
Step Up Your Screen Visuals With A CMG Subscription
Standard
$ 19$19 Per Month | Cancel Anytime
- October CMG Pack | New
- New CMG Pack Released Monthly
PlusTemplates Included
$ 249$249 First Year | $199 Yearly Renewal
- October CMG Pack | New
- New CMG Pack Released Monthly
-
Unlimited Access To:
- Editable CMG Templates
- Template CMG Editor
PremiumMost Popular
$ 349$349 First Year | $199 Yearly Renewal
- October CMG Pack | New
- New CMG Pack Released Monthly
-
Unlimited Access To:
- Editable CMG Templates
- Template, Social & Motion CMG Editor
- 3 Extra Packs Released Monthly
- All Past CMG Packs and Extras
- CMG Social Graphics
- TempoMatch
- Motion Title Builder
- CMG Remix
Used By Thousands. Seen By Millions.
Loved By Over 40,000 Churches Monthly
The Right Tools For Every Church
Everything You Need To Create A Great Look
Sermon & Announcement Templates
Unlock hundreds of editable templates for sermon and announcement slides available in Photoshop and JPEG formats. See Templates
CMG Extras Packs
Gain access to over 100 bonus packs of motion backgrounds that will allow you to get even more creative with your worship visuals. See Extras
TempoMatch
Pick the perfect motion every time by using this easy tool that automatically matches the speed of all popular worship songs. Try TempoMatch
Learn More
Motion Title Builder
Create your own custom motion titles by combining stunning text layers with lively CMG motion backgrounds. Try Title Builder
Learn More
CMG Remix
Design your own still backgrounds by combining multiple CMG stills and even mixing in stunning nature photos. Try CMG Remix
Learn More
Instantly Make An Impact
Media That Gets The Whole Church Excited
Bring The Wow Factor
Our motion backgrounds stand out from traditional presentations and immediately catch the eye.
Everything You Need
Don’t waste any more time searching all over the internet for new media. We have you covered.
Increase Engagement
Dynamic worship slides bring an excitement that makes audiences of all ages want to get involved.
The Easiest Solution
We make it super simple to choose great looking backgrounds and insert them into your slides.
Up-To-Date Looks
We provide monthly packs with the latest design trends so that your church is always looking fresh.
Affordable Pricing
Every church should be able to afford great media. Our subscriptions work on any church budget.
New Packs On The 1st
Our newest pack of motion backgrounds is delivered to your inbox on the first of every month. Just click, download and look awesome.
Multiple Resolutions
All items come in HD 1080, HD 720, SD, Triple-wide*, and 4K*. No matter the shape of your screen, they’re going to work great.
Universal Compatibility
All media is Mac and PC compatible on all major presentation programs such as ProPresenter, MediaShout, Proclaim, Worship Extreme and EasyWorship.
Still Backgrounds
Each monthly pack comes with still versions of every motion background. These images come in multiple sizes and work great for various graphics around your church.
Spanish Translations
All of our announcement motions come in both English and Spanish. Simply choose the ones that work best for your community.
Multi-Department
Use all media on an unlimited number of computers at one location. This is perfect for simultaneous events in one building.
Live Stream For Free
Licensing covers use in live streaming and video archiving of services through your website, video sharing site and broadcast television.
Anytime Download Access
You’ll always have access to the Monthly CMG Packs you unlock during your subscription period, even after you cancel your subscription.
Satisfaction Guaranteed
If you’re not 100% satisfied with your subscription within 30 days of your purchase, we will refund your money. No questions asked. You can cancel anytime.
*High-quality upscaling
Church Motion Graphics enhances your environment with creative screen visuals.
We create eye-catching graphics and videos that are specifically designed to look great in churches. They’re perfect for displaying behind worship lyrics, announcement slides, or when used alone.