Citation Machine — Write Smarter, Cite Accurately
Use Citation Machine Plus to get smart recommendations!
Scan your paper for unintentional plagiarism and get advanced recommendations for sentence structure, writing style, grammar and more!
Write with confidence with...
|Features
|Free Account
|Citation Machine Plus with 3 Day Free Trial*
$9.95 per month after
|Suggestions to improve your writing style, grammar and sentence structure
|20 Suggestions
|Unlimited
|Checks for unintentional plagiarism
|None
|Unlimited
|Add a bibliography and citations directly to your paper.
|Yes
|Yes
|Quickly and accurately create citations from multiple styles and source types
|Yes
|Yes
*See Free Trial Terms and Conditions
Citation Machine's Guides & Resources
MLA Format: Everything You Need to Know and More
Filled with a wide variety of examples and visuals, our Citation Machine MLA guide will help you master the citation process. Learn how to cite books, magazines, newspapers, social media, journal articles, and more!
Comprehensive Guide to APA Format
Our Citation Machine APA guide is a one-stop shop for learning how to cite in APA format. Discover what APA is, how to cite in APA format, and use our simple to follow directions and examples to keep your citations in check and under control.
Everything You Need to Know About Chicago Style
Creating citations in Chicago style has never been easier thanks to our extensive Citation Machine Chicago style guide. Learn about footnotes, endnotes, and everything in between to help you.
Citation Machine’s Ultimate Grammar Guides
Whether you’re a student, writer, foreign language learner, or simply looking to brush up on your grammar skills, our comprehensive grammar guides provide an extensive overview on over 50 grammar-related topics. Confused about reflexive verbs, demonstrative adjectives, or conjunctive adverbs? Look no further! Learn about these grammar topics and many, many more in our thorough and easy to understand reference guides!
Student Blog
Stay up to date! Get research tips and citation information or just enjoy some fun posts from our student blog.