Always Active
Upgrade to save your work, check for plagiarism, and more!Learn More
Cite This For Me is one of the most popular citation tools today. Launched in October 2010, we began with the mission of helping students create perfect citations in a fraction of the time. Since then, Cite This For Me has assisted millions of users across the world including in the United Kingdom, United States, Australia, and beyond.
Citing isn’t something you usually think about, but it’s important nonetheless. Without even realizing it, you do it already in your everyday life in little ways. Have you ever said, “I heard on XYZ News that . . . ,“ or “I read in XYZ that those two celebrities are dating,” or even “Mom said that you can’t do that.” By saying where you got your information, you are casually citing a source.
We do this because it gives credibility to what we say, but also because it credits the originator of the information and allows others to follow up if they need more information. Formal citing done for papers and projects takes this a step further. In addition to the reasons mentioned above, citing sources in academia provides evidence of your research process and helps you avoid plagiarism.
Plagiarism is a word you never want to hear describing your work. You’ve probably seen headlines in the news and heard stories in school about the negative consequences of plagiarism. It’s not good but it is preventable. By visiting Cite This For Me to create citations, you’re taking steps to to help avoid this.
Do you know what you’re citing? Answering this question is usually the first step in creating a citation. On Cite This For Me, you can choose from a list of 30+ source types. It doesn’t matter if you’re citing a website, book, video, online image, or something totally different. Cite This For Me has you covered.
Immediately start citing by clicking on the website or journal article icon. If you’re using another source type, like book, click “More” to see all available options. From there, a form will pop up and show you all of the information you should look for in your source. Remember: the information for sources can vary (e.g. one photo may have a title, another photo may have none), so the forms do not require a completely filled out form to add a reference. You can create a citation at any time and also go back and edit it as many times as you want.
To help you save even more time and effort when citing websites, books, and journal articles, Cite This For Me will automatically find reference information and fill out some of the form for you. It sounds like a school myth but it’s true! When citing these sources, you start off with a search bar that assists you in finding the source you are referencing. Once you select the proper source from the listed results, you’ll be shown what information was and was not found, then taken directly to the form. Here you can confirm, edit, and add any information before adding the reference to your list—you’re always in control and have the final say on your references.
Odds are, you’ve been given a specific citation style to use by your teacher, publication, editor, or colleague. (If not, try MLA format, APA citation, or Harvard referencing as they are the most popular.) Did you know there are literally thousands of citations styles in the world? Fortunately, Cite This For Me has a lot of them! In the navigation bar, click “2. Choose style” to open our citation style search widget and select the right style for you!
Beyond simply creating references or citations, most citation styles have additional guidelines about paper formatting, in-text citations, and other details. Cite This For Me citation guides covers a lot of this additional information, so your paper is more properly prepped and less likely to get points taken off for these details. The citation guides cover several citation styles, but the most popular are APA, Chicago Manual of style, MLA, Harvard referencing, Normas APA and Normas ABNT.
Citing is great, but it isn’t the most exciting thing in the world. If you’ve cited so much that your eyes are getting crossed, take a break and check out our blog! We cover questions about citing and writing that you’ve always wondered about, and you will have fun along the way. Keep up with the latest articles by following us on Facebook or Twitter.
Use Google Chrome? If yes, add our intuitive Chrome add-on and gain the power to automatically cite a webpage when you’re actually on it! Whenever you are on a page you wish to use as a source, simply click the Cite This For Me extension button to generate a citation for it. It’s quick, easy, and free! Click here to get the add-on.
Once you have completed your bibliography or reference list, it’s time to export it! You can copy and paste your citations from Cite This For Me into your paper, project, or document. If you’re looking to export it as a Word Doc, our premium features were designed for you.
If you like to save work as you progress, dislike ads, and prefer to download your bibliography as a Word Doc, Cite This For Me premium access is perfect for you! In addition to the perks already mentioned, you’ll also gain access to our plagiarism check. It helps you identify any information that may still need a citation created for it. To sum it all up: Cite. Save. Download. Sign up by clicking here.