Sharing experiences of life in Japan
Blogs, Reviews, Community, Q&A... and much more
Oriental Express Hotel
Stylish and economical stay close to Haneda
6 hours ago
3 Answers
Autumn spots outside of Tokyo with baby
Any recommendation for nice autumn spots around the neighboring prefectures of Tokyo? Easy access by car (up to 2 hours are fine) and by babycar are preferred. Looking for some new spots, which are less popular and crowded.
12 Answers
Post-Typhoon Hagibis. Hope everyone is well
Don't know what the mood is with everyone but just thought I'd drop a quick line on this Q&A to say that things seem to be fine where I am in Urayasu, Chiba after the typhoon. How are things where you are? Hope everyone is well.
on Oct 13
5 Answers
Favorite resources/apps for emergencies?
With Typhoon Hagibis just around the corner, I'm curious about your favorite apps or other resources for emergencies. I particularly like Western Pacific Weather on Facebook for info on Japan's typhoons, but I'd love to get info on other resources you may find useful!
on Oct 11
6 Answers
Typhoon Hagibis preparations
Just wondering how people are feeling about, and preparing for, Typhoon Hagibis? There are a lot of dramatic headlines out there, as there are tweets ("Four reasons why Typhoon Hagibis is so dangerous" - NHK) and other socials. Word from the officials seems to be that preparations should be made by Friday. The partner had the day off today and so went out and got a bunch of stuff in preparation. After work today I stopped by the supermarket and the queues there were super long. I guess all the bread had sold out though! Anyway, once again, what's the mood with everyone else out there?
on Oct 10
JAPAN ON VIDEO: DESTINATIONS, STORIES, LANDSCAPES
Watch videos that give a voice to off-the-beaten-path Japan and present new perspectives on familiar travel favorites.
Local groups supporting expats in Japan
Travel and leisure in Fukui Prefecture
|Points
|500 pts
What sightseeing spots and attractions are you aware of, and interested in, in Fukui Prefecture, Japan? What do you look for in accommodation options? This questionnaire consists of 15 simple multiple choice questions centering on travel for leisure in the Fukui region of Japan. (No knowledge or experience of the region is required to respond to this questionnaire) For more information about Fukui Prefecture: ECHIWA FUKUI UNFORGOTTEN JAPAN (http://echiwa.jp/)