Subscribe to Our Blog
Stay up to date with the latest tips and news for local governments.
I want the latest in...
It’s officially election season. As a municipal website administrator, you know what that means: you can expect a huge spike in civic website traffic on Election Day. FairVote estimates that 40 percent of the eligible population turns out to vote during a non-presidential election year. These voter turnout statistics translate to massive amounts of voter data that local governments will want to share online. If not properly managed, big data and large traffic volumes could wreak havoc on your civic website this Election Day.
Your parks and recreation department offers valuable facilities and activities to your citizenry. From open swim to pickleball, to Zumba to paddle boarding, your community has it all. Getting citizens to sign up for annual memberships to your facilities and parks should be a critical step in your revenue generation strategy—but you also need to focus on retention and renewals. Our five tips will help you showcase everything your community has to offer year-round so you can strengthen your bottom line and help keep your citizens active and fit.
A rapidly increasing number of local governments are becoming the subjects of lawsuits from members of the public alleging that the municipality’s digital content is not compliant with Section 508 of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA). Two of the most commonly cited grievances include local government websites using PDFs that are incompatible with screen reader technology and videos that fail to offer closed captioning. For municipal clerks responsible for managing public records, agendas, meeting minutes and documentation, and public meeting videos and audio recordings, the potential for a lawsuit is causing compliance-related alarm.
For any parent, the possibility of experiencing a natural or local disaster with your child is terrifying. Parents with children on the Autism spectrum, however, face more significant challenges—navigating the disaster event and recovery with a child who is hypersensitive to external stimuli, less able to process rapidly developing events and verbal instructions, and process emotions. To help the parents in your community with a child living with Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) to prepare for an emergency, share the following advice in your next citizen education outreach.
CivicPlus has announced it has acquired SeeClickFix, the proven leader of 311 citizen request and work management software solutions. The software helps millions of citizens request repairs in their community from their local government through its web and mobile application tools. With this acquisition, SeeClickFix will become part of CivicPlus’ integrated suite of municipal software solutions.
Who said the public sector can’t maintain a fun, approachable digital presence? Employee recruitment is a serious and critical component of your talent management strategy, but that doesn’t mean you can’t use modern tools and dynamic approaches to identify and engage top talent. Instagram is a valuable social media platform for more than sharing post-workout meals and vacation photos of flip-flop clad feet in front of oceans of blue waves (trust us). It is a tool that should be used by all private and public sector recruiters to engage the next generation of local government employees (read: Millennials). Follow our tips to get started and make Instagram a key component of your recruitment strategy.
Stay up to date with the latest tips and news for local governments.
I want the latest in...