IMPORTANT NOTICE:
‘Due to technical issue with the online merchant services, there is a temporary stop on all online and credit card payment services’.
Applicants are requested to submit ‘Money order or Cashier’s check’ until further notice.
Please DO NOT call the contact center as we will not have any additional information about the timelines. Kindly refer to https://www.in.ckgs.us/ for latest updates.
Indian Visa Application & Processing Centers in USACKGS is the only authorized Service Provider for the Embassy of India and its Consulates across the USA for Visa, OCI, Renunciation of Indian Citizenship services from May 21, 2014. read more...
OCI
VISA/OCI/Renunciation
I love the way this process is handled. Kudos guys.
Thank you so much for your timely help for getting my tourist visa within few hours due to my emergency situation travel.
I understand you get 100's of applications every day, but the way you all gave a personal attention to my case and helped me through every step; this speaks volume of your customer service.
Thank you so much CKGS Team.
Extremely courteous, outstanding service. Nothing can be better than this endeavour. Thanks a lot.
You guys rock! CKGS' help during the preparation, processing and tracking is very impressive. It helped my wife, mother-in-law and my daughter to get their OCI card over the past 3 months. In each instance, CKGS' people and systems performed admirably.
I got my new OCI card and old/cancelled PIO card. You have done a wonderful job. The website, tracking, processing and shipping - all worked fantastic. Thank you very much.
CKGS Staff is friendly. Overall a Good experience!
Good experience at CKGS!! Very easy to fill and clear instructions.
Thanks! refund/payment for the application is a great feature, thanks to customer service for the quick help in resolving this issue.
Great and quick services. Web guide is well written and easy to understand. Telephone operators provide very detailed information and work with the applicant. CKGS staff is very polite. I advice applicant to apply and receive visa by UPS service. Visa services are very much approved. Keep up the good job and help applicants.
Awesome App, Love It!! It provides very useful and handy updates to track the status.
I love the way this process is handled. Kudos guys.
Thank you so much for your timely help for getting my tourist visa within few hours due to my emergency situation travel.
I understand you get 100's of applications every day, but the way you all gave a personal attention to my case and helped me through every step; this speaks volume of your customer service.
Thank you so much CKGS Team.
Extremely courteous, outstanding service. Nothing can be better than this endeavour. Thanks a lot.
Missing / AdditionalPlease keep your Web Reference Number, Passport Number, Date of Birth handy
Documents
Upload or Shipping
Track My Application / ShippingPlease keep your Web Reference Number, Passport Number, Date of Birth handy
Withdraw or ResubmitPlease keep your Web Reference Number, Passport Number, Date of Birth handy
Passport / Documents
Payments / RefundsPlease keep your Web Reference Number, Passport Number, Date of Birth handy
Frequently Asked Questions
Features of App
- Track Status of your application
- Track Shipping Status
- Upload Pending Documents
- Complete Incomplete/ Pending Application
- Purchase Shipping to send Incomplete/ Pending Application
- Provide Feedback
How to Activate WebApp on your Mobile
Activate for free, in less then a minute.
Chrome Browser
-
1
Go to https://app.in.ckgs.us on Google Chrome on your Android Mobile.
- 2 Open "Options" in Chrome browser and 'Add to Home' screen.WebApp icon will be reflected on your Home Page with CKGS logo.
- 3 Next time open the site directly from the app.
Safari Browser
-
1
Go to https://app.in.ckgs.us on Safari on your iPhone.
- 2 Click on "Share" icon in Safari browser and then click on 'Add to Home' screen icon. WebApp icon will be reflected on your Home Page with CKGS logo.
- 3 Next time open the site directly from the app.
Awesome App, Love It!! It provides very useful and handy updates to track the status.