Expert Computer Service and Repairs for the Waterloo Illinois Area
(618) 939-5325
Trouble with the technology at your business? Contact a local professional about computer service, and use technology to your advantage. Our expert computer service technicians at Sidebarr Technologies repair all types of computers and laptops. We also build custom computers and provide computer consulting service. Located in Waterloo, Illinois, we have been in business since 1993. We’re a locally owned and operated business that puts the needs of customers before our own. In fact, we strive to increase the productivity of businesses in our local area with cloud services, IT solutions, and point-of-sale systems. Contact us today for more details!
IT Support, PC and Laptop Repair, and Much More
We’re the trusted source for quality computer service for those in the Waterloo area. Our computer services are for offices and homes. They include computer sales and repair, networking, remote services, POS systems, proactive technology support and comprehensive technical support. We also offer cloud services for hosted QuickBooks, hosted SharePoint and hosted Exchange. Additionally, we offer several different IT packages that will fit any budget and need. We sell, install and provide support for Micro$ale POS systems. These are great for full-service restaurants, quick service restaurants and pizza and sandwich delivery stores. It doesn’t matter what brand of laptop or desktop you have; our technicians can repair them all.
Computer service is available in-store, on-site or remotely. Most services are available the same day. We also provide computer training and instruction as well as desktop publishing and word processing services. Our friendly staff will provide you with the fastest, most reliable, responsive and knowledgeable computer service in the Waterloo area. We are open Monday through Friday from 9 AM to 5 PM. Please call or come by for any computer service.
Your source for quality IT solutions. Call to get started, today!