Helpful Computer Service and IT Support for the Red Bud Illinois Area
(618) 939-5325
Run a business, and need some help with the technology? Computer service from a local professional can increase productivity and help your business thrive. For fast, reliable and knowledgeable computer service near Red Bud, Illinois, come to Sidebarr Technologies. We have more than 20 years of experience helping customers with computer service including installation and repairs. We’re focused only on the needs of our clients and are proud to serve our local communities. From point-of-sale to cloud-based services; we’re the ones to call. Contact our staff, and see why we’re the choice for businesses in the local area!
Your Source for Computer Repairs, Tech Support, Software and More
People trust us for quality computer services in their local areas. We’re the place for computer repairs in the local area; we work with all brands. We can offer new computers, or custom build one for you. For our restaurant and bar customers, we are an authorized dealer and support provider of Micro$ale and QSR point-of-sale solutions. Business customers enjoy our hosted Exchange, hosted SharePoint, and hosted QuickBooks cloud services. Being able to access your email and important files from any computer is extremely helpful to any business. Additionally, we provide IT, comprehensive technical support, proactive technology service, word processing and desktop publishing services. Whatever your computer needs; we’re the computer service that gets it right!
We’re proud the people in the Red Bud area trust us for computer service. Our friendly computer pros can train you to work in certain programs and to operate your computer. Most service is available same-day; whether through remote help, walk-in or on-site. We are open 9 AM to 5 PM, Monday through Friday. Come to us for the best computer service at the best price. Discover, MasterCard, Visa, Cash, and Check are accepted for service.
Your local IT solution; call Sidebarr, today!