Instant Personal Loan For All Your Needs
Quick financing for all your needs. From instant personal loans, education loans, credit card refinancing to emergency loans - we have customised our solutions to all your requirements.
Loan duration is from 3 to 12 months and amount up to Rs 1 Lakh.
Scofit - Monitor and improve your credit score and credit worthiness
Use Scofit to check and improve your credit score easily. Get a detailed report every 3 months, use tips to improve your score and never get rejected by a bank for a loan or a credit card.
Refinance Credit Card Bill
Have a large credit card bill? Convert your bill into easy EMIs using our quick personal loan services. Pay at your convenience. Combine multiple credit card bills and just pay one bill!
Credit card refinancing
Repay credit card debt
Save on credit card interest cost
Improve credit score
Consolidate multiple cards & loans
Refinance Now Calculate Savings
Save Upto Rs 15,000!
Education Expenses
Good education is important, but it is also costly. Convert large school, college or coaching fees into EMIs. Renew EMI option when needed.
School fees financing
Tuition fees loan
Partnerships with schools, coaching classes
Payment options customised to your educational institute
EMI options for own self or kids
Advance Salary
Need money before salary day? Take a quick loan online using our instant loan app and pay back when your salary is credited.
Instant loan approval
Fast disbursal, money in 24 hours
For urgent requirements
Get amount more than monthly salary
Repay over 9 - 12 months
Loans for Emergency
Get instant approval and quick disbursal for emergencies like medical treatment, surgeries or any other urgent needs.
Instant approval
Fast disbursal, money in 24 hours
For emergencies
Repay over 1 - 9 months
Helpful customer support
Fast, Reliable and Affordable
Fast Disbursal
Instant approval
Get money in 24 hours
Instant approval in 1 min. Detailed terms in 3 hours. Money in account in 24 hours. Enjoy benefits of a fast online process of our online loan services. We offer a fast customer service with low response times.Get Instant Approval
Transparent Rates
Interest rates starting from 1% pm
No hidden charges
We have an efficient and fast online process, which reduces costs compared to banks. Most of our customers pay only about Rs 400 as interest per month on a loan of Rs 50,000. Details of fees and interest rates are shared in easy to understand terms.Fees & Rates
Offers & More
Prompt Service
Easy tracking via Mobile App
We will help you with your ongoing financial needs. Pay on time and apply for top-up loans. Get referral, early payment and sharing bonuses.Refer & Earn
Great Customer Support
Prompt Service
Easy tracking via Mobile App
We offer a fast and helpful customer service experience. Use website, IVR and mobile app for any help you need regarding loan application or repayments.Contact Us
Customers Love Credy
TURNAROUND TIME
EASE OF USE
FEES AND CHARGES
WANT TO RE-USE
Amazing Service. Everything is online, no need to submit physical documents. After the physical verification the amount was transferred within 30 minutes to my bank account, you can even apply fot a top-up loan. Great service. Keep it upAmit Moghe
very fast and easy process.. got the funds on the same day in few hours. thank you credy for helping me . Will recommend to everyoneSumit Srivastava
Never wrote any review...But to this I would like to appreciate the work of this app...Easy approval process awesome customer and EMI options are good..Love this.Deepika Kandila
Credy is marvelous, applied for credit line this Saturday, physical verification done the very next day, that too on a Sunday and got the amount credited on my account already.. Kudos to Akash and Santosh from Credy... Thank you Credy...Praveen Sreekumaran Nair
Would like to take some time to appreciate the service of the customer service Manager Mr.Akash he just made me feel as I m in a walk-in branch and I m applying a loan it was such a great experience that on a telephonic conversation he just got my loan approved and i would like to thank Credy make me feel that there is no far we are getting a loan with all unwanted documents it time on Digital India Great Credy keep on.😊Prashanth Raj
Credy is one of the best user friendly and very easy app any one can use. I love being part of credy as a borrower. This app will give you instant approval and within 24 hours your money will be disbursed to you account. All the best team and thanks one again.Navneet Singh
The initial process has been super quick. I applied at 9am and got approved by 12pm and it looks very simple and hope our banks start following their process.Siddartha Maiya