CloseCAPTURE
Reduce loan fallout. Optimize ROI. Capture more closings. With this flexible program lenders can reduce credit report costs, help applicants whose scores are close to qualifying, obtain quality leads, identify where lost sales went and why, and retain their portfolios.Learn more ⟶
LeadsFINDER PLUS
A comprehensive lead generation program. Select from a long list of attributes to obtain a custom list of quality leads from our database which contains tens of millions of names. Best of all, there are no minimum fees. We even offer a turnkey solution whereby you can send a firm offer of credit to these leads.Learn more ⟶
Scoring Tools
A few credit score points can make all the difference to your applicants. Our scoring tools allow you to look at the positive and negative factors influencing a customer’s credit score, then provide a detailed analysis including suggestions for the best chance of a successful rescore.Learn more ⟶
Continuous learning to support your success
Credit Plus University is our FREE, online training center that offers a variety of classes designed to help you succeed in the mortgage business. Some classes are product-oriented, others offer industry education and training. We can even tailor classes to suit your organization’s specific needs. Classes are offered live daily, by appointment or recorded webinars can be downloaded.
Next Class
Tax Return Verifications – Helping You Meet LQI and Red Flag Requirements
You’ll learn how to better protect against mortgage fraud by using Tax Return Verification Reports.
Oct. 23, 2019 02:30 pm
* All Times are MST
Knowledge Hub
Press Releases
Industry Veteran Joins Credit Plus as Executive Strategic AdvisorRead More ⟶
Media Coverage
Judy Ryan Named One of the Most Powerful Women in FinTech by Progress in LendingRead More ⟶
Press Releases
Credit Plus Launches LeadsFINDER PLUSRead More ⟶
Videos
CloseCAPTURE – Check out our video on our suite of products designed to help lenders reduce costs.View ⟶
Press Releases