Diet and Nutrition
Living with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) means paying special attention to what you eat. Maintaining good nutrition can be a balancing act. Learn how to stay on the right track.Find Resources
Use an occasion to help find cures
Looking for a meaningful way to celebrate the holidays or a birthday? With a few clicks, you can create a Facebook Fundraiser to raise money for IBD cures!Start Fundraising
How can we help?
Uniting to Care & Cure
Over 250,000 patients engaged in our live and web support programs
We are increasing support and education for our patients and caregivers in the effort to build resiliency and further empower them to take charge of their care. These are essential elements for wellness.
Let's make an impact togetherSee how we're making an impact
Michael Osso, President & CEO, Crohn's & Colitis Foundation
Current News & Events
News
Crohn’s & Colitis Foundation Selected for FDA MyStudies App Project
September 27, 2019
News
Crohn's & Colitis Foundation Unveils New Five-Year Research Agenda
May 16, 2019
Calling all student leaders!
Join other passionate students in the fight against IBD. Our National Council of College Leaders (NCCL) will help you sharpen your leadership skills as you fundraise, lobby, and drive awareness initiatives to support the IBD community. Applications for 2020 are open now.Apply today
IBD Help Center
Available Monday through Friday, 9:00 AM - 5:00 PM EST.
Crohn's & Colitis CommunityThe Foundation offers an Online Community where you can get the support you need in managing your condition 24/7. Participate in discussion boards, personal stories, submit questions and more. Get connected today!
Crohn's & Colitis Foundation
The Crohn's & Colitis Foundation is a non-profit, volunteer-fueled organization dedicated to finding the cures for Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis, and to improving the quality of life of children and adults affected by these diseases. It was founded in 1967 by Irwin M. and Suzanne Rosenthal, William D. and Shelby Modell, and Henry D. Janowitz, M.D.