The world identifies with us.
From identity and secure access to biometric identity, our solutions solve complex security challenges in an ever changing world.
Hundreds of millions of users worldwide trust our security solutions.
We have one that meets the needs of your use case.
Move past the limitations of traditional 2FA and MFA
See how our DigitalPersona authentication solution is changing the digital landscape within these industries:
Financial
Discover the power of assured identity
Explore Crossmatch biometric-based solutions with unparalleled, industry-leading technologies:
Border Management
Stop fraud and theft at the point-of-sale
Discover biometric-based solutions for end-users and integrators tailored to the retail/restaurant industry:
News and Resources
Latest News
HID Global Acquires Crossmatch to Expand in Biometric Identity Management
Making HID Global one of the world’s major providers of fingerprint biometric technologies.
Featured Customer Story
UK Home Office
See how the UK’s lead government department for police, crime and counter-terrorism simplified procedures with a versatile identification solution.
Featured Resource
Infosec Glossary
Explore commonly used terms in the cybersecurity industry with related Crossmatch content.
Latest News
Crossmatch DigitalPersona Placed in ‘Leader’ Category in Software Reviews’ 2018 IAM Data Quadrant
DigitalPersona® multifactor authentication software was placed in the “Leader” category of Software Reviews’ Identity and Access Management (IAM) Data Quadrant. The quadrant and the detailed research behind it are included in the IAM Category Report from Info-Tech.
Latest from the Blog
Authentication 2023: How You’ll Logon in 4 Years
By Jeff Carpenter, CISSP, CCSP
Without a crystal ball, we still know this much: Static passwords are not the future of authentication. People still fail to set strong passwords. And the 2018 Verizon Data Breach Investigations Report shows that use of stolen credentials and privilege misuse rank 1st and 4th respectively of the top 20 threat actions that resulted in a confirmed breach.