As Featured In
Our Most Popular WordPress Themes
Download them today and use them on multiple projects!
9 Good Reasons To Use Our Themes
Premium Support
We will be there for you within 24 hours and that's a promise we have been keeping since 2012. Got stuck? No worries, just get in touch and describe your issue. Our friendly in-house support team will be there at every step of the way.
Classic editor or Project Gutenberg?
Not ready for the new editing experience? No problem. Our themes are 100% compatible with the Classic editor. Fan of the new editor? Use our themes as a great starting point and build your pages visually.
Unlimited Site Usage
You can use our WordPress themes for both personal and commercial projects. They are yours to keep and build as many projects as you need. Zero restrictions.
Brand new theme every month
By solving one problem at a time, we have the privilege of releasing a brand new WordPress theme every month. We have nothing against multipurpose themes but niche themes are our thing.
Page builder support
We have made sure our themes play nice with the most popular page builders out there. Beaver Builder, Divi & Elementor are our favorite ones.
Automatic Updates
WordPress is a wonderful platform but an ever-changing one. We constantly check our themes against the latest WordPress version so you can just hit the update button without worrying about breaking things.
Mobile-optimized Themes
Mobile internet usage has worked its way into the daily life of smartphone and tablet users. It goes without saying that our WordPress themes go through a rigorous mobile testing process. Your content must be accessible from any device.
Easy setup process
Download the theme of your choice. Upload and activate. Do you need a head start? Use our sample content. Do you need help? Get in touch. Your site will be online before you even know it.
14-Day Money-back Guarantee
We do know that one size doesn't fit all. Not 100% satisfied with our WordPress themes? You'll get your money back. No questions asked.
Don't Take Our Word For It
If you are looking for an affordable collection of niche WordPress themes followed by timely support, then you should really consider CSSIgniter.Syed Balhki WPBeginner.com
CSSIgniter is clearly one of the best theme shops on the market. Expect to get quality products and to be assisted by a friendly team when you need help.Ionut Neagu CodeinWP
If you build a new WordPress website, choosing the right theme is very important. A lot of themes offer too many functions or are based on third party elements, with the result that your new website becomes slow and less flexible. If you decide to work with a theme from CSSIgniter, you'll make the right choice: A fast and flexible WordPress theme without any "bloat". We love the themes from CSSIgniter and we will use them more and more in the future.Olaf Lederer FinalWebsites
As a first time site owner and WordPress user, I was looking for simplistic layout to work with and to learn from, yet, would also be engaging to my audience. The Olsen Light Theme and its’ support team has been amazing through this learning curve for me, and has supplied everything I’ve needed to make the vision for my blog become a reality. It’s been easy to customize anything within this theme, from the colors to the mobile views, all the while using very minimal plugins too!Samantha Victoria @fernveil
Love the simple and minimalistic theme with flexible customisation. Support is amazing, I have basically no knowledge on CSS but the support team responded quickly and explained everything in detail. Thank you!Delicacy of a Unicorn delicacyofaunicorn.com
I was looking for a clean modern template for my blog and then I came across Olsen. It was exactly what I was looking for. The support is asolutely phenomenal as well!The Moderness themoderness.com
Love this theme, it was super easy to set up and the end results is something I’m very happy with. I had a little hang up with the sidebar and the support I received was superb! Within a few hours they got back to me every time. I’ll be back again and again for more amazing themes!Amber Janke thewaxpert.com
I use the Sun Resort theme for my hotel website. I am very satisfied with the support and the theme installation / configuration was really easy!Rouista Resort rouista.com
I'm not a developer, but I am pretty tech-savvy. When it comes to building and managing sites, I needed something well beyond WYSIWYG but less intense than custom-build. Wordpress hit the sweet spot for a CMS, and CSSIgniter's themes and ecosystem of other goodies (e.g. Elementorism, plugins) were a great balance of powerful + simple. I can spin up a customized theme in under a day now that I know my way around CSSIgniter's core approach to themes. And if I can't figure out a customization, the incredible support forum will have an answer or a troubleshooting approach within hours.Final Girl Press finalgirl.ca
Compatible with your favorite plugins
Our themes work great with the most popular ones.
Beaver Builder
Beaver Builder is the most flexible WordPress page builder you can trust with your business.
Elementor
The advanced drag & drop page builder. Create high-end, pixel perfect websites at record speeds.
Divi
A versatile drag & drop page builder that makes it easier than ever to build beautiful WordPress websites.
Advanced Custom Fields
Customise WordPress with powerful, professional and intuitive fields.
Toolset Types
A reliable plugin for managing custom post types, custom taxonomies and custom fields.
Pods
Pods is a framework for creating, managing, and deploying customized content types and fields.
WPML
Build multilingual sites and run them. WPML is powerful enough for corporate sites, yet simple for blogs.
Yoast SEO
Improve your WordPress SEO: Write better content and have a fully optimized WordPress site.
Popups by OptinMonster
OptinMonster helps you grow your email list by converting visitors into subscribers and customers.
WPForms
Drag & Drop online form builder that helps you create beautiful contact forms with just a few clicks.
Mailchimp for WordPress
Create good looking opt-in forms or integrate with any existing form on your site.
NextGEN Gallery
NextGEN Gallery has been the industry’s standard WordPress gallery plugin since 2007.