Discover our story of becoming one of the leading Forex brokers in the industry
Cube global is an award winning forex and commodities broker, providing trading services.
Our team leaders are always there to guide and mentor each member of their team .
Cube global offer so many advantages to clients
Client fund security has been a part of our philosophy alongside unmatched trading conditions and customer support.
Online forex currency trading is not restricted to banks, professional dealers or financial wizards.
An online CFD trading provides you to potentially profit or loss from the fluctuations of the price.
Contract Specifications
Refer traders to us and earn commission for each of their trades
Setup your own broker house using our platform
Designed for traders new to the Forex market and those trading smaller volumes, the Cube Global's account allows investors to trade smaller trade sizes
The Premium Account accommodates the experienced retail traders. A key feature is the flexibility in position sizing
The Vip Account for the experienced retail traders. A key feature is the flexibility in position sizing with lower spread and higher profitability.
The Ecn Account accommodates the experienced retail traders. A key feature is the ECN spread received which favors scalping strategies.
cube global offers you a set of risk management tools that
help you protect your trade, your account and funds.
Advance charts and trading tools high leverage lower deposit
refine your results through best broker
Diversify your portfolio with multi asset broker forex-
metals -commodities -energies -indices
your trusted trading broker in every order in every execution
in every trade
we are here to provide you the best trading strategies with
our top rated & experienced advisors.
Start Trading In Minutes
Accounts Types
No commission on deposits and withdrawals!
Trade Responsibly:79% of retail investor accounts lose money when
trading CFDs with this provider. You should consider whether you can afford to take the high
risk of losing your money.