How does it work?
It's pretty easy
You will get a URL for every CV you create
So you can always have your CVs available just with one click.
Just share the CVs within your applications.
Your CV is the first impression recruiters have of you. Most of the candidates still have a CV that looks like this. Are you one of them?
If you are, there is an opportunity to turn it into a CV that will get you the WOW effect...
Use cvonline.me to create your own and very unique CV and get the attention of recruiters with both your online CV and your PDF CV.
Gain the interest the interest of the recruiters, get to know the company and the job you are applying for and tailor your applications by creating different versions of your CV.
Gain the interest the interest of the recruiters, get to know the company and the job you are applying for and tailor your applications by creating different versions of your CV.
I landed an internship with Climbing Magazine this week! They said that my application was by far the best they'd seen, and I'm sure a huge part of that was the online CV.
My current employer told me personally that my CV stood out. And they know what they are talking about, since I work for the first Spanish HR Company.
Create your CV and choose its appearance.
Create customized versions for each application.
You can choose who's able to see your CV.
Share the link or the QR code.
The set up process is easy and intuitive. You Sign up and complete the fields you want form the set up form. There are 4 default sections: Personal and contact information, education, work experience and languages. You can choose whether you want your data to be indexed by search engines or you just prefer to keep it only visible among the employers with whom you have shared the CV link.
You can edit your CV whenever you want. You can add new sections for your skills, a cover or other experiences and sort them at your convenience. You can choose your CV design among more than 20 cool responsive design templates.
Once your CV is ready you can share the link or the QR code within your applications. The employers will be able to see your CV across any device, download it as a PDF or Word doc, and contact you.
You will get a URL for every CV you create
So you can always have your CVs available just with one click.
Just share the CVs within your applications.
Contact you from any device with just one click
Or download your cv in PDF or .doc
Follow the steps and fill:
Your education
Your work experience
The languages you speak
Your contact information
New sections are very useful to create custom versions of your cv for each application. Choose among the following section types:
List of skills
Mention your main achievements
Write acover letter
Show some references
Your Further education
List of certificates
or create your own
Sort them at your choice.
Among more than 20 templates and counting
Because our team works daily to offer you new and cool templates.
Did you ever wondered why you weren't interviewed for a position you were perfect for?
Our experience tells us that in the first stage of a recruiting process, the content of your cv is as important as the way you write it and how it's formating. That's the reason why good candidates go often "under the radar" of the recruiters and get lost, never getting an interview.
The average job hunter in the UK has to apply to 27 positions in order to get a single interview. Cvonline.me is here to help you navigate this situation by helping you create both online and offline cvs that will capture the attention of the recruiters to actually read your cv.
With CV online:
You will obtain a unique and customizable link for every CV you create.
Publish as many CV's as you need, with a different link for each application.
Choose the design of your online cvs and cutomize it with your own background images to make it completely unique.
Create as many cvs as you need, both online cvs and offline cvs and target its content to each application.
Unpublish your cv at anytime with just one click.
Decide whether or not you want your CV to appear on the search results of Google, Bing, and Yahoo.
Employers will be able to contact you in just one click from their computer, tablet, or mobile device.
You decide when and to whom you share your CV. You will be able to share your CV’s link or QR code on LinkedIn, on the paper version of your CV, etc.
If you wish, you can protect your online cvs with a password, and share the password in the PDF version of your cv or by email...
Decide if you want your potential employers to be able to download a version of your cv in PDF or Word.
Choose from 20 different types of CV designs and sort your sections.