CWU Receives HEED Award for Excellence in Diversity for Fifth Year
Central Washington University is a 2019 recipient of the prestigious INSIGHT Into Diversity Higher Education Excellence in Diversity (HEED) Award.Full Story
More than 300 majors, minors, and specializations.
Naomi Petersen
509-963-1481
Naomi.Petersen@cwu.edu
One fifth of the population is affected by disability, and laws protect their rights as individuals to have access. To be accessible, an environment—work, home, school, shopping, medical, leisure, and virtual/digital—must be functional for everyone. Central's accessibility studies program provides opportunities to learn about barriers that exclude people with disabilities. Moreover, it serves to ensure that every environment will accommodate everyone, regardless of ability.
Starting fall 2017 students can earn a minor or a certificate online in accessibility studies. A fast-track certificate is also offered over the summer. At CWU, almost 30 pre-professional degrees across disciplines—from business and information technology, to social services and safety and health management—have added the accessibility minor as an option to broaden their student’s employment opportunities.
CWU's program is the first in the country dedicated to increasing accessibility by applying universal design principles to all fields of study and careers.
Business Advising Office
509-963-2930
cbadvising@cwu.edu
Accounting is about providing reliable economic data to decision makers. And there are a number of career paths available to accounting majors ranging from working for a corporation or business to crunching numbers for a government agency or non-profit organization.
The largest major within the College of Business gives students a broad business education, allowing them to grasp the broad business spectrum, and to communicate with accountants in other specializations and non-accountants too.
The program is led by an Accounting Advisory Council, comprised of industry leaders, who assist in shaping and linking it to top-flight regional and national organizations.
Stuart Boersma
509-963-1395
stuart.boersma@cwu.edu
Studying mathematics isn’t just about numbers. It’s also about recognizing patterns and understanding the logic of shapes, quantities, and arrangements. It is the building blocks of everything around us whether its money, architecture, electronics, or even sports.
Let’s face it—mathematicians are the rock stars of computer science, economic forecasting, energy resources, risk management, medicine, finance, and other businesses. Careers in fields with a solid basis in mathematics are among the fastest growing and rewarding.
CareerCast ranked careers involving mathematics (data scientist and statistician) as the top two jobs in 2016. It also projected a 23 percent increase in job growth for mathematicians by 2022.
With this specialization, you will become a qualified business professional prepared to pursue careers that apply a blend of management, administrative and information technology skills in contemporary business environments. The administrative manager supervises office employees, designs office work systems, maintains internal and external communication systems, and compiles meaningful reports from information processing. All types of business from agriculture and finance, to manufacturing and health care are seeking graduates with these skills.
The Information Technology and Administrative Management department prepares students for success in high demand careers and job advancement in the modern workforce through industry-driven programs, quality teaching, and personal advising.
CWU offers administrative management bachelor of science and bachelor of applied science degrees. You'll also find an online only option as well as a FlexIT program that allows you to complete your degree on your schedule. Central Washington University’s master of science in Information Technology and Administrative Management is ranked one of the top ten one-year online master’s degree programs in the U.S., according to bestmastersdegrees.com. Schools were ranked based on value, affordability, and the ability of the student to complete the degree in one year.
Mark L. Meier, Lt Col, USAF
509-963-2314
mark.meier@cwu.edu
Established in 1951, the award-winning Air Force ROTC “Cascade Cowboys” develops knowledge, character, and motivation as cadets are commissioned as USAF second lieutenants.
• Develop discipline and hone abilities and skills in leadership development, problem solving, professional ethics, and strategic planning, while training to become an officer in the United States Air Force and a fulfilling civilian career. • Have your college paid for in part, or fully, through scholarships.
The CWU Air Force program is award winning and nationally regarded. Since 2009, CWU’s Air Force ROTC been named both the No. 1 regional and top national unit in its classification.
Lene Pedersen
509-963-3211
lene.pedersen@cwu.edu
Human behavior is always fascinating. Fortunately, students of anthropology have the pleasure of finding out what it means to be human and why we act the way we do in different circumstances.
What other major offers a chance to participate in an archaeological survey or a mock forensic burial site, or do some serious people-watching for a grade? Majoring in anthropology at CWU is your ticket to studying the human condition and finding out why we are the way we are.
Central offers a BS and a BA in anthropology. You can also earn a minor in anthropology over the course of two summers via CWU’s online minor program.
Andrea Eklund
509-963-2067
andrea.eklund@cwu.edu
The apparel, textiles and merchandising program cultivates tomorrow’s fashion leaders and develops industry-ready professionals who are forward-thinking, creative, innovative, relevant, and passionate. The program gives students a thorough background in the business aspects of the fashion industry, developing skills in fashion theory; creativity; merchandising; retail operations; buying strategies; technology; fashion forecasting; and target markets.
The apparel, textiles, and merchandising major prepares students for a wide range of careers in the international fields of buying, merchandising, fashion trend analysis, product development, merchandise planning, entrepreneurship, visual merchandising, fashion styling, product/brand/licensing management, quality assurance, and more.
The apparel, textiles, and merchandising major combines fashion, business and creativity to foster students personal goals. Students immerse themselves in chosen interest areas where they learn, understand and apply new knowledge to the many facets of the apparel industry.
Turn your passion for art into a profession. At CWU, art students push their creative boundaries and gain the practical tools necessary to begin a successful career in the art world.
Students in CWU’s art department can study a wide range of mediums including: ceramics; drawing; graphic design; jewelry and metalsmithing; painting; photography; sculpture; and wood design.
Art students work closely with award-winning artists, designers, painters, and other gifted instructors who can help bring their work to the next level.
Jeffrey Dippmann
509-963-1830
jeffrey.dippmann@cwu.edu
In recent years, American policy makers have spoken of a “pivot to Asia,” meaning an increased emphasis in American foreign and economic policy on the Asia-Pacific region. As a result, there’s never been a better time for students to develop cultural competency and understanding of the region.
The Asia Pacific region is a hot topic these days with plenty of opportunities for students wanting to understand this fascinating and sometimes misunderstood part of the world, whether their chosen fields are in business, government, international or non-governmental organizations, or academia.
Students in CWU’s Asia Pacific Studies interdisciplinary program gain a broad understanding of the complexities of the Asia-Pacific region. They learn about the geography and history of Asia and the Asia Pacific islands as well as an overview of Asia Pacific life and culture.
Dr. Gregory Schwab
509-963-2364
Aviation@cwu.edu
The CWU Aviation Department wants people like you, with a passion for the combined art and science of aviation.
CWU's aviation program is the only fully accredited public university aviation program in the Pacific Northwest. Our students have access to the most up-to-date flight simulation equipment on the West Coast. Students can earn a Bachelor of Science in Aviation Management with specializations in aviation management or aviation maintenance management.
Our students get jobs! The CWU Aviation Department has or is in the process of having direct-hire agreements with nearly a dozen airlines including Alaska/Horizon, Sky West, and Mesa Airlines.
Sundaram (Raj) Nataraja
509-963-2386
sundaram.nataraja@cwu.edu
The CWU Aviation Department wants people like you, with a passion for the combined art and science of aviation. Coursework in the Aviation Management Degree will prepare students for a variety of administrative and management positions in the aviation community including maintenance management positions. Management career options related to aviation activities, such as airport manager, general operations manager, and air carrier management exist in the industry.
CWU offers an online Bachelor of Science in Aviation Management. CWU's aviation program is the only fully accredited public university aviation program in the Pacific Northwest. Our students have access to the most up-to-date flight simulation equipment on the West Coast.
Our students get jobs! The CWU Aviation Department has or is in the process of having direct-hire agreements with nearly a dozen airlines including Alaska/Horizon, Sky West, and Mesa Airlines.
CWU’s biochemistry program is the preferred undergraduate degree for any student interested in a career in pursuing a career in medicine, dentistry, or other health sciences.
CWU’s commitment to hands-on learning means that biochemistry students receive personalized attention from award winning professors.
Few chemistry programs in the state can boast the state-of-the-art technology found at CWU, including a 400MHz nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscope, atomic absorption spectroscope, fluorimeter, gas chromatograph, and much more.
Stacey Ferris
509-963-2731
Stacey.Ferris@cwu.edu
You might say you take your life in your hands when you study biology. That’s because it is literally the study of life—all life—from one-celled organisms to multi-species habitats. And when you study the biosphere at CWU, you will receive hands-on learning from award winning professors.
Studying biology is a chance to explore all the aspects of life ranging from insects to mammals. Having an understanding of biology can lead to a rewarding career in a number of fields including agronomy, biochemistry, conservation, forestry, marine biology, or zoology. CWU offers a BA and a BS in biology with specializations in biomedical science, ecology and evolutionary biology, and molecular and cell biology.
At CWU, students gain an understanding of biological concepts relevant to the individual and to society and gain an appreciation of scientific inquiry. Studying biology helps us decipher many social and economic issues and is at the forefront of environmental issues.
Crystal Weddington
509-963-2660
crystal.weddington@cwu.edu
Interested in becoming a teacher? Good news...science teachers are in high demand in Washington State and across the country. Our graduates enjoy fulfilling careers, with many employment options. Science teachers get to share their love of science and make a difference in their community.
In Washington K-12 schools, about one teacher in five is a CWU graduate. CWU’s reputation as the top choice for educator preparation comes from a history of producing the state’s best educators, leading education change, and providing diverse opportunities for certification and field experience.
When quality and affordability are both taken into account, CWU’s School of Education offers a best value to its students. That’s the assessment of the National Council on Teacher Quality (NCTQ), which recently released its ‘Best Value’ ratings of colleges of education across the United States. It is the first time that a national education policy organization has conducted a comprehensive review of quality paired with affordability.
Stacey Ferris
509-963-2731
Stacey.Ferris@cwu.edu
Biology is the study of life—all life—from one-celled organisms to multi-species habitats. The Biomedical Science Specialization allows you to pursue careers in human health (medicine, dentistry, optometry, physical therapy, pharmacy) and veterinary medicine.
There are unlimited opportunities for students pursuing a professional degree in the health professions. Our curriculum is designed to prepare you for the entrance exams (MCAT, et al.) and give you the best advantage when seeking admission to professional schools.
You’ll have numerous opportunities to become a competitive candidate for professional schools. You’ll work closely with dedicated professors to perform meaningful research, publish papers, and present posters at national conventions.
Business Advising Center
509-963-2930
cbadvising@cwu.edu
Successful businesses demand students with a strong skill set that includes analytical, communications, critical thinking, functional, leadership, and teamwork.
A Bachelor’s Degree in Business Administration from an AACSB accredited program, such as at CWU, can help prepare you for a successful career in business. Students specialize in general business, finance, human resources, leadership management, marketing, and supply chain management.
Classes are conveniently offered in Ellensburg, at campuses in Des Moines and Lynnwood, and online.
College of Business Advising Center
509-963-2930
cbadvising@cwu.edu
CWU’s online business administration degree program boasts small classes that are taught by distinguished faculty who interact with the students through state-of-the-art online communication tools. Online courses are flexible so they fit into the student’s individual schedule.
The bachelor of science online degree in business administration allows students entering with a Washington Associate's degree in business with a direct transfer agreement to easily obtain a business administration degree with a general business specialization.
This program can accommodate a variety of preferred course loads, from part-time students to full-time students. Full-time students could finish in as little as 5-6 quarters.
Jodi Musser, Program Director
509-963-2773
jodi.musser@cwu.edu
How do teens learn to balance a checkbook or use online banking? It turns out most learn from their teachers in high school. CWU’s business and marketing teaching major prepares students for careers in teaching business and marketing to secondary grade students (7-12).
At CWU, students in the business and marketing teacher preparation program are on the fast track to obtaining their teacher certifications and content endorsements.
It’s a good time to be a business and/or marketing teacher in Washington. The most recent Educator Supply and Demand in Washington State report indicated a serious shortage of business and marketing education teachers in the state’s junior and senior high schools.
Alex Lange
509-963-2766
alex.lange@cwu.edu
Interested in teaching consumer services, early childhood education, food production, nutrition, textiles and apparel, human development, hospitality and tourism, parenting or interpersonal relationships? The Career and Technical Education Teaching major prepares you for a career as a teacher in any of those subjects!
Students graduating with a Family and Consumer Sciences Career and Technical Teaching major will help prepare high school students for responsible positions in work and community as well as help them learn about individual family wellness and how to value diverse populations.
Graduates with degrees in Family and Consumer Sciences Career and Technical Teaching are in high demand as life skills instructors in high schools throughout the country.
Understanding chemistry is the key to understanding the structure of the universe. At CWU, students studying chemistry are involved in research areas including the effect of environmental pollutants on the soil, plant-based remedies for diseases, astrochemistry in ice, and pollution monitoring at Mt. Rainier.
CWU’s commitment to hands-on learning means that undergraduates in the chemistry program work closely with professors on advanced research projects and can present their results at regional and national conferences.
Few chemistry programs in the state can boast the state-of-the-art technology found at CWU, including a 400MHz nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscope, atomic absorption spectroscope, fluorimeter, gas chromatograph, and much more.
Is chemistry your passion? You might be an ideal candidate to become a chemistry teacher. CWU’s chemistry teaching major prepares students to teach chemistry at the secondary school level.
As an undergraduate, you will work closely with award winning professors on advanced research projects. You’ll get to present results at national conferences, and sometimes even help author publications for scientific journals.
CWU’s chemistry department is equipped with state-of-the-art technology such as the 400MHz nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscope, atomic absorption spectroscope, fluorimeter, gas chromatograph, and much more.
Vince Nethery
509-963-1911
netheryv@cwu.edu
This degree provides students with a solid grounding in the factual and conceptual mastery of the interdisciplinary nature of the study of human structure and function. The program is designed to promote critical thinking and analytical skills as well as effective writing, speaking, and presenting.
Upon graduation, clinical physiology majors are equipped with the skills necessary to succeed in graduate school and/or professional fields of study, and will have a diverse array of career options such as physical therapy, physician’s assistant, athletic training, nursing, occupational therapy, and chiropractic medicine.
CWU offers a Bachelor or Science in Clinical Physiology. In 2016, CWU teamed with Pacific Northwest University of Health Sciences to create the Yakima Valley Interprofessional Practice and Education Initiative, which seeks to produce and develop new collaborative approaches to regional healthcare while also improving access to care.
Studying communications is your window on the world. Whether you major in communication studies, digital journalism, film and video studies, or public relations, you’ll be gaining an understanding of how we form opinions and gain information.
CWU’s Department of Communication prepares you for a career in the media, public relations, government affairs, or other related fields.
Enjoy a job where every day offers something new! Our graduates work in some of the most prominent media organizations on the West Coast.
Megan McConnell
509-963-1455
megan.mcconnell@cwu.edu
Computer science prepares students for life in an information technology society. You’ll learn technological literacy and problem solving skills and gain an understanding of the ethical and social impacts of computing in the modern world.
Develop your degree with a specific focus, such as software engineering, intelligent systems, computational science, graphics, visualization and computer vision, human-computer interaction, big data analytics, or cybersecurity.
A computer science degree from CWU opens the door to some of the hottest careers in the country. Our grads land internships and jobs with leading companies such as Microsoft, Boeing, Facebook, and Amazon.
• Computer science students work one-on-one with our distinguished faculty on research, present at national and international conferences, and publish papers in scientific journals.
• Our facilities have cutting-edge computers and mobile devices for teaching development techniques for Windows, OS X, iOS, or Android. For senior projects, students work with clients to design, build, and document software applications.
• In fall 2018 the program will move into a new state-of-the-art computer and information technology center. Construction began on the Samuelson Union Building spring 2016. When finished, it will also house online learning and the departments of Mathematics and Information Technology and Administrative Management.
David Carns
509-963-1762
david.carns@cwu.edu
Construction managers plan, coordinate, budget, and supervise construction projects from groundbreaking to ribbon cutting. They work for construction firms, design firms, and material equipment suppliers. Public agencies also hire construction managers to perform inspection, supervision, and contract administration duties.
Katie Kuntz
509-963-1386
katie.kuntz@cwu.edu
CWU is the only university offering a four-year craft brewing degree program in Washington. With this program, you will gain an in-depth understanding of the brewing sciences. The degree is built on a strong science foundation and focuses on content, experience, and skills in brewing science along with analytical laboratory techniques and brewery business management.
America's appetite for craft beers is growing like never before—sales of craft beers grew by more than $1 billion in 2011, from $7.6 to $8.7 billion. A major challenge for this growing industry is finding properly qualified employees for their growing businesses. Not only are brewers needed, but also graduates from other academic disciplines who have an understanding of the craft beer industry.
At CWU, you can earn a Bachelor of Science in Craft Brewing or a Craft Brewing Certificate. CWU's craft brewing program is ranked No. 1 by America Unraveled. Students perform experiments and receive hands on instruction in all aspects of the craft brew business from industry professionals. Our graduates are prepared for careers in brewing production, quality assurance, brewery management, beer merchandising, product distribution, brewing technology, packaging, safety, sanitation, sensory evaluation, and entrepreneurship.
The Information Technology and Administrative Management department prepares students for success in high demand careers and job advancement in the modern workforce through industry-driven programs, quality teaching, and personal advising.
ITAM students will gain knowledge specific to the detection, protection, and recovery from attacks to an organization’s information assets. With the cybersecurity specialization, you will gain skills in this high-demand field of network security that, when combined with the management/soft-skills classes, will give you the competitive edge in the IT marketplace. Public utility companies, national security agencies, food and water suppliers, financial services, and companies with intellectual property to protect are now hiring experts in this area.
Central Washington University’s master of science in Information Technology and Administrative Management is ranked one of the top ten one-year online master’s degree programs in the U.S., according to bestmastersdegrees.com. Schools were ranked based on value, affordability, and the ability of the student to complete the degree in one year.
Therese Young
509-963-1937
youngth@cwu.edu
The CWU dance major provides students opportunities to develop proficiency in the knowledge, skills, and dispositions necessary for pursuing careers in dance including choreography, performance, and teaching across a variety of dance genres.
The CWU dance program offers students the opportunity to enhance their career preparedness by pairing the dance major with several possible minors including business administration, a dance endorsement (for K-12 teachers), nutrition, physical activity and recreation programming, recreation management, and theatre studies.
CWU’s dance major offers the only dance program east of the Cascades in Washington. CWU’s dance major helps fulfill a variety of institutional needs including, but not limited to, the recruitment and retention of students to CWU by promoting the university nationally through performances, conference presentations, and research.
As a digital journalism student at Central, you’ll gain valuable experience in reporting and writing about important events, people and things, producing and editing video and still photography, designing for print and the web, and understanding how to create powerful online and social media platforms.
Perhaps the greatest skills a digital journalism student will gain are learning how to be a critical thinker and how to distill large amounts of information into easily understandable end products, particularly in the burgeoning social media field. Journalism students are highly sought-after for their writing, communicating, and researching abilities, which are beneficial in a number of careers. Digital journalism students choose a specialization in journalistic writing and reporting or broadcast journalism.
Central digital journalism students learn how to question, investigate, interpret, and communicate—with great accuracy and on deadline. Such skills are invaluable in a wide variety of fields including the law, government, public agencies, advertising, public relations, and social studies.
Do you want to touch lives and make a difference in educating the future? Or experience that moment when your student’s struggle to learn a concept turns into mastery? CWU provides future and seasoned teachers the specialized skills necessary to teach diverse learners. CWU's Early Childhood Education major prepares students to become teaching specialists for birth through third grade children.
It's highly advised that students simultaneously complete the early childhood and elementary education major. Completion of this program as a double major and other teacher certification requirements will lead graduates to a Washington State teaching certificate with Early Childhood (birth–grade 3) and Elementary Education (K–grade 8) endorsements.
CWU's teacher education program is the 12th largest in the country. Students in CWU's program hone their skills by participating in career exploration internships and study abroad programs.
Mari Knirck
509-963-2731
mari.knirck@cwu.edu
The Ecology and Evolution Specialization is designed for students broadly interested in basic and applied biology, natural resource management, agriculture, ecological restoration, conservation biology, disease dynamics, animal behavior, and biological research.
You’ll have numerous opportunities to work closely with professors on meaningful research. In biology, the great outdoors is your classroom, and our students study in wildlife preserves, national forests, and nature reserves.
You’ll have the opportunity to take field study courses in other countries, and work with scientists all over the world. Other resources include the CWU greenhouse and the Englehorn Pond nature preserve, as well as advanced laboratory technology.
Business Advising Office
509-963-2930
cbadvising@cwu.edu
An economics degree prepares students for business and government agency employment and also serves as excellent training for law school, a master’s of business administration program, and graduate programs in economics, agricultural economics, and natural resource management.
Studying economics can enhance logical reasoning and analytical skills, which can be useful in a wide variety of fields including politics, law, business, government, banking, insurance, real estate, and public policy.
According to the Hamilton Project, an economic analysis of what graduates earn over their lifetimes, students with degrees in economics are among the highest-earning majors in lifetime earnings.
Lad Holden
509-963-2289
Lad.Holden@cwu.edu
Industrial and engineering technology professionals are creative and technically proficient. They are valued by employers in all types of industries for helping improve efficiency, employee safety, and profitability. The placement rate for graduates is nearly 100 percent.
Do you want to touch lives and make a difference in educating the future? Or experience that moment when your student’s struggle to learn a concept turns into mastery? CWU provides future and seasoned teachers the specialized skills necessary to teach diverse learners. CWU's Elementary Education major prepares students to become teaching specialists for kindergarten through eighth grade students.
It's highly advised that students simultaneously complete the early childhood and elementary education major. Completion of this program as a double major and other teacher certification requirements will lead graduates to a Washington State teaching certificate with Early Childhood (birth–grade 3) and Elementary Education (K–grade 8) endorsements.
CWU's teacher education program is the 12th largest in the country. Students in CWU's program are prepared to be outstanding educational leaders and facilitators of learning. Graduates of the program are prepared to work with diverse school populations.
Bobby Cummings
509-963-1075
bobby.cummings@cwu.edu
The English/Language Arts Teaching Major, in combination with the Professional Education Program, prepares you for a teaching career in middle, junior, and high schools. Our program blends knowledge of English studies with methods of teaching language arts, including courses on teaching multicultural literature, young adult literature, and writing.
Clear and concise writing, analytical thinking, persuasiveness, and precision are all valuable skills for a wide range of fields including teaching.
Students involved in this program will find numerous opportunities to write and publish their work and to meet professionals in the field through activities and organizations such as Manastash (Student Literary Journal), Inklings Creative Writer's Club, Lion Rock Visiting Writers Series and Central Washington Writing Project.
Christine Sutphin
509-963-3433
christine.sutphin@cwu.edu
The study of language and literature teaches students the decision making, problem solving, and sequencing that result in compelling communication. The intensive study of language and literature also enables students to understand human cultures and acquaints us with the world's most brilliant thinkers.
A degree in English opens the door to just about any career that requires clear thinking and compelling expression, including teaching, publishing, the law, public policy development and journalism.
Katharine Whitcomb, professor of creative writing, was named 2016 Distinguished Teaching Professor at CWU. Whitcomb, who is also associate dean of the College of Arts and Humanities, was a key contributor to the creation of the Online Professional and Creative Writing program.
Nick Zentner
509-963-2828
nick.zentner@cwu.edu
Environmental Geosciences focuses on the interactions between solid Earth and the atmosphere and hydrosphere, including groundwater, soils, and climate.
Geoscientists are highly sought after in fields such as environmental consulting, assessing geologic hazards, naturalists in state and national parks and forests, in oceanography, geophysics, geochemistry and engineering geology, oil and gas exploration, and searching for new mineral deposits.
You will learn and perform research in CWU’s new $64 million state-of-the-art science building that has specialized labs designed for the geological sciences department, including optics and lasers labs, and an ice core lab. CWU offers Bachelor of Science degrees in Geological Sciences and Environmental Geoscience and Bachelor of Arts degrees in Geology and Geology Teaching. You can also earn a minor or a master's degree in geology.
Carey Gazis
509-963-2820
Carey.Gazis@cwu.edu
Environmental Studies helps you understand the challenges facing our environment. The interdisciplinary program incorporates biology, geography, and geology to offer a comprehensive view of the world and how we can ensure it continues to thrive.
The environmental studies program is a chance to experience hands-on learning outside of the classroom and make a difference.
Environmental studies majors have healthy job prospects and high job satisfaction, according to a recent study in Forbes Magazine.
Tim Burnham
509-963-1764
Tim.Burnham@cwu.edu
Exercise Science prepares students for a variety of professions that focus on the physical and functional abilities of humans. Many classes provide hands-on learning through structured laboratories, practical application of studied theory, and internships.
Exercise Science prepares students for a variety of professions that focus on the physical and functional abilities of humans. Many classes provide hands-on learning through structured laboratories, practical application of studied theory, and internships.
At CWU you can earn a Bachelor of Science in Exercise Science, as well as a minor. In 2016, CWU teamed with Pacific Northwest University of Health Sciences to join the Yakima Valley Interprofessional Practice and Education Initiative, which seeks to produce and develop new collaborative approaches to regional healthcare while also improving access to care.
Amy Claridge
509-963-2758
Amy.Claridge@cwu.edu
The Family and Child Life major prepares students with the knowledge and skills to work effectively with families and children in a dynamic world. Students choose from two specializations: Family Science or Child Life.
The Family and Child Life major prepares students to pursue careers in family social services, adoption, child care, community youth programs, or other careers involving work with children and families. Students are also well-prepared to pursue graduate education in child life, mental health counseling, social work, marriage and family therapy, human development and family studies, or related fields.
Students in the Family and Child Life program complete a multi-term internship at an agency suited to their professional goals and interests. Students also participate in research and often present at the university, regional, or national level. The Family and Child Life program offers two minors: Child Development and Family Science, as well as a graduate degree in Family and Child Life.
Alex Lange
509-963-2766
alex.lange@cwu.edu
Family and Consumer Sciences provides an opportunity for students to learn about a wide variety of subjects ranging from apparel, textiles and merchandising, and global wine studies to family and child life and recreation, tourism and events.
Family and Consumer Sciences offers an amazingly broad spectrum of programs for students interested in studying the role of individuals within families and as consumers. Majors include global wine studies, apparel, textiles and merchandising, and business and marketing teacher preparation.
Family and Consumer Sciences majors learn tangible skills about concrete subjects that easily translate into opportunities in the real world. Our graduates learn about concerns that relate to basic needs such as food, shelter, clothing, and relationships.
Alex Lange
509-963-2766
langeA@cwu.edu
Students in Family and Consumer Sciences can touch lives, focusing on areas such as child development, family relations, consumer economics, personal finance, fashion design, and business and marketing teacher preparation. They learn about issues that affect individuals, families and communities.
At CWU, students who wish to teach family and consumer sciences will learn about developing interpersonal communication, oral presentation skills, leadership, problem solving, and conflict resolution. Graduates can go on to teaching careers that help educate the next generation of students on issues that affect their lives and their communities.
CWU is definitley the school of choice if your dream is to become a teacher. CWU alumni have won five Washington State Teacher of the Year awards since 2005 and CWU is ranked eighth regionally (Washington, Oregon, and California) as a top teacher preparation institution, according to the National Council on Teacher Quality.
CWU Film Studies majors learn to view film as an art form, a personal or cultural expression, and as a commercial endeavor.
In addition to following their creative muses, students in the CWU Film Studies program develop and hone their technical, analytical, research, and writing skills as they learn to produce and critique films and videos.
You get to make movies. How cool is that?
Dana Ogan
509-963-1912
dana.ogan@cwu.edu
The Bachelor of Science in Food Science and Nutrition degree features two specializations. The Food and Nutrition Specialization provides a broad area of expertise and prepares students for a wide variety of careers in the food and nutrition industries. The Dietetics Specialization allows students to complete a minor in a field that relates to professional career advancement.
Students in the food and nutrition specialization are prepared for a wide variety of careers in the food and nutrition industry including food processing companies, food distributors, food brokerage companies, restaurant and institutional food service, pharmaceutical sales, and nutrition positions not requiring being a registered dietitian. Students in the dietetics specialization are qualified to apply for admission to an ACEND Accredited Supervised Practice Experience also known as a Dietetic Internship. Following this the student is eligible to sit for the registration examination. Passing the registration exam qualifies the graduate to become a Registered Dietitian (R.D.).
CWU offers a Bachelor of Science in Food Science and Nutrition with specializations in foods and nutrition and dietetics. The Dietetics specialization plus two additional courses (PSY 101 and ANTH 130 or 357) fulfills the requirements of the Academy of Nutrition & Dietetics for a Didactic Program in Dietetics. The DPD program is currently granted continuing accreditation by the Accreditation Council for Education in Nutrition and Dietetics (ACEND).
Ralf Bane
509-963-1218
wlang_dept@cwu.edu
French is the only language, besides English, that is considered a global language, meaning it is spoken throughout the world. It is the language spoken by the United States’ largest trading partner, Canada, and is the international language of cooking, fashion, architecture, and theater.
According to the Consulate General of France, an ability to speak French is an advantage on the international job market. France is the world’s fifth largest economy and number three destination for foreign investment.
France is the world’s number one tourist destination, attracting more than 70 million visitors each year. Being able to speak French makes a visit to Paris or the other regions of France much more enjoyable and rewarding. Ça te dit?
Monica Reece-Bruya
509-963-1188
monica.reece-bruya@cwu.edu
At CWU, geography is more than maps and charts—it is a vibrant field of study that involves hands-on, real-life involvement in finding solutions that will enhance the future. You’ll enjoy multiple field trips in locations that range from large cities to remote wilderness areas.
CWU boasts one of the finest Geographic Information System (GIS) teaching and research laboratories in the Northwest. There is a biogeography lab, a soils lab, and a hydrology lab in which students and faculty members conduct research. Central offers a Bachelor of Arts or a Bachelor of Science in Geography with specializations in geographic information science and environmental and resource geography.
Elvin Delgado, CWU assistant professor of geography, is one of only five public university faculty members to receive the coveted Rep. Timm Ormsby Citizenship Award. The award was created in 2013 in Ormsby’s honor, in recognition of his efforts to promote civic leadership throughout Washington State. The award “seeks to encourage, recognize and honor exemplary civic engagement.”
CWU is home to the prestigious Center for Spatial Information and Research (CSIR), which coordinates and enhances the application of established and emerging technologies used to create, manage and analyze spatial information.
Nick Zentner
509-963-2828
nick.zentner@cwu.edu
Want to improve your understanding of the world around you? Want to learn the details behind current important topics like climate, hydrogeology, environmental and geologic hazards? Then geology is a good fit for you.
CWU geology emphasizes stimulating classroom, laboratory, and field experiences with dynamic faculty members whose teaching and research interests span the spectrum of geological problems.
At CWU you can earn a Bachelor of Science or a Bachelor of Arts in Geology, a Bachelor of Arts in Geology Teaching, as well as a Bachelor of Science in Environmental Geosciences. Geology also offers a minor and master's program.
Crystal Weddington
509-963-2660
crystal.weddington@cwu.edu
Science teachers are in high demand in Washington State and across the country. CWU graduates enjoy fulfilling careers, with many employment options. Science teachers get to share their love of science and make a difference in their community.
In Washington K-12 schools, about one teacher in five is a CWU graduate. CWU’s reputation as the top choice for educator preparation comes from a history of producing the state’s best educators, leading education change, and providing diverse opportunities for certification and field experience.
When quality and affordability are both taken into account, CWU’s School of Education offers a best value to its students. That’s the assessment of the National Council on Teacher Quality (NCTQ), which recently released its ‘Best Value’ ratings of colleges of education across the United States. It is the first time that a national education policy organization has conducted a comprehensive review of quality paired with affordability.
John Hudelson
509-963-2744
hudelson@cwu.edu
The Global Wine Trade program prepares students for careers in the wine industry by focusing on: wine business skills; grape growing and winemaking; identifying wines produced in major wine regions of the world; understanding the costs and price structures of the wine business; and using professional wine tasting techniques.
The Global Wine Trade program uses an innovative, cross-disciplinary approach to instruction that creates a degree unlike anything else in the nation because it focuses on the business side of the wine industry.
CWU Global Wine Trade program is the only degree program in the U.S. that emphasizes learning the business side of the wine industry.
The study of graphic arts is about conveying emotion or information, or telling a story—but using images and design as well as words. Graphic artists learn critical thinking as well as the fundamentals of design, style, typography, illustration, and sequential art.
Students learn how to create an effective design through the exploration of digital and print media. As part of the graphic design program, students complete a summer internship with a professional design agency or company, and learn by doing it themselves.
• According to BurningGlass.com, a national graphic market analysis organization, 91% of employers prefer a job candidate to have a degree.
• CWU’s graphic arts program ranks in the top 10% among graphic arts programs in the U.S. (and #1 in Washington), according to the web site, Graphic Schools.com.
Exploratory Advising
509-963-2722
exploratory@cwu.edu
Central Washington University provides many opportunities for those interested in health careers.
Students receive non-degree advising and guidance for one of our pre-professional health care programs that leads them toward degrees that prepare them for completing their health care program elsewhere.
Central's pre-professional program options are pre-chiropractic, pre-dental hygiene, pre-dentistry, pre-medical technology, pre-medicine, pre-nursing, pre-occupational therapy, pre-pharmacy, pre-physical therapy, pre-physician assistant, pre-respiratory therapy, and pre-veterinary.
Ralf Bane
509-963-1218
WLang_Dept@cwu.edu
The focus of the Heritage Spanish major is to help Spanish speakers who communicate effectively in their home or community language, or who have lived in a Spanish-speaking country for an extended period of time, to more fully develop their Spanish language competency.
Studying Heritage Spanish offers native Spanish speakers, who would largely be considered bilingual, to gain greater mastery of the language both in oral and written form.
At CWU, the Heritage Spanish major is specifically designed for students who have a personal, familial, or community connection to Spanish to develop Spanish language proficiency. It provides students with an opportunity to build upon their existing linguistic and cultural knowledge.
Jason Knirck
509-963-2422
jason.knirck@cwu.edu
Historians are the masters of establishing meaning by studying the people and artifacts that came before us. The study of history is ideal for students interested in developing career skills in research, writing, argumentation, and documentation.
History students learn to interpret and give meaning to the events of the past, which can often provide insights into why things are the way they are today. Such skills are transferable to wide variety of fields including journalism, the law, analytics, and law enforcement.
Being a history teacher rates 4 out of 5 (highly satisfied) in career satisfaction. History teachers make $71,000 a year at mid-career.
Roxanne Easley
Roxanne.Easley@cwu.edu
This major satisfies the Washington State endorsements for History and Social Studies. This major is designed for students in the secondary teacher training program. Students taking this major are required to complete the professional education program requirements offered through the Education Department.
A degree in history can be a doorway to a career as an archivist, curator, documentary editor, historian, lawyer, librarian, lobbyist, and researcher.
Being a history teacher rates 4 out of 5 (highly satisfied) in career satisfaction. History teachers make $71,000 a year at mid-career.
Alex Lange
509-963-2766
Alex.Lange@cwu.edu
CWU’s hospitality, tourism and event managment program offers opportunities to focus on managerial and supervisory hospitality roles in the hotel, restaurant, aviation and cruise industry, as well as tourism and event management and planning.
Hospitality, tourism and event management graduates pursue careers in the world's largest industry. Professional positions are plentiful and diverse. Students in this major choose to specialize in hospitality, tourism, or event management.
Established in 1947, this degree program at CWU was the first of its kind at a college or university in Washington state.
Darren Olson
509-963-1913
Darren.Olson@cwu.edu
Industrial and engineering technology professionals are creative and technically proficient. They are valued by employers in all types of industries for helping improve efficiency, employee safety, and profitability. The placement rate for graduates is nearly 100 percent.
The Information Technology and Administrative Management (ITAM) department prepares students for success in high demand careers and job advancement in the modern workforce through industry-driven programs, great teaching, and personal advising.
One of ITAM’s core values is creating access to a quality education for all types of learners. From adults re-entering the workforce to returning veterans to seasoned professionals seeking a career shift, higher education serves a widely varied segment of the population. Students in the ITAM program can learn via face-to-face instruction or online classes.
OnlineColleges.net recently ranked CWU’s ITAM as their #2 program in Information Technolo-gy saying this degree, "helps students develop the technical skills they need to succeed in the IT industry."
Jordan Shumate
509-963-1383
ITAMinfo@cwu.edu
CWU's offers two options for an online Information Technology and Administrative Management (ITAM) degree that prepares students for information technology, administrative management or retail management and technology careers. Students can earn a Bachelor of Science or Bachelor of Applied Science in ITAM. Both degrees are entirely online.
According to Forbes magazine, 14 of the top 25 highest paying in-demand jobs in America today are technology related. Students in Central's ITAM program choose to specialize in administrative management, information technology, cybersecurity, and retail management and technology.
This program is 100 percent online and is designed for students who have already completed an associate degree or a bachelor degree in any field. CWU accepts ITT transfer credits.
The IT specialization targets the soft-skills/management classes specifically to the management of IT projects and departments.
A computer-related associate degree is required for admission to this specialization where IT professionals receive relevant coursework in management leading to a baccalaureate degree in a timely fashion - without duplicating the prior technical education you have already received.
Central Washington University’s master of science in Information Technology and Administrative Management is ranked one of the top ten one-year online master’s degree programs in the U.S., according to bestmastersdegrees.com. Schools were ranked based on value, affordability, and the ability of the student to complete the degree in one-year.
Ian Loverro
509-963-1252
Ian.Loverro@cwu.edu
This degree program is designed for students who wish to have a background in instructional pedagogy but who do not want to complete the requirements for a teaching certification.
Those who complete the program will be prepared to work in settings requiring expertise in the foundations of education, such as training programs in business and industry, serve programs at educational institutions, and private child care facilities.
Curriculum and instruction careers are in demand. Jobs in this field are expected to increase by more than 13 percent during the next decade, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics.
Elvin Delgado
509-963-2184
elvin.delgado@cwu.edu
CWU is the first university in the Pacific Northwest with an institute that addresses energy issues from both conventional and alternative energy sources, with a special focus on energy management. The Institute for Integrated Energy Studies provides a unique interdisciplinary approach to provide education, research, and training in the areas of conventional and renewable energy resources.
There is a pressing and severe need for quality and qualified employees in the energy sector. Upon graduation, you’ll be qualified to work in a wide range of careers, including energy policy, energy management services, energy business, energy plant manager, and energy forecasting. These diverse careers can be found within private, public and non-for-profit organizations at local, state, and federal government agencies.
No other university in the state offers this particular type of interdisciplinary education in response to current and future professional work place needs.
Nicole Dunn
509-859-4930
nicole.dunn@cwu.edu
Central’s Interdisciplinary Studies-Social Sciences degree allows you to choose courses from several disciplines to meet your interests and professional goals.
Graduates of this degree find jobs in a variety of occupations, ranging from corporate to social services, depending upon their primary emphasis among the various disciplines within the social science category. This degree also provides excellent preparation for graduate studies in psychology, sociology, social work, and political science.
The Bachelor of Science degree in Interdisciplinary Studies Social Sciences is conveniently offered online and is for students who are interested in broader options in course selection than are possible within a traditional departmental major and who want to specialize their course of study according to individual interests and professional/educational aspirations.
Alena Yastchenko
509-963-3706
alena.yastchenko@cwu.edu
Central’s Interdisciplinary Studies-Social Sciences degree allows you to choose courses from several disciplines to meet your interests and professional goals.
The Interdisciplinary Studies-Social Sciences major is designed for the student with interests that don’t fall within the traditional departmental major boundaries. It allows the student to design his or her own major, within the social science fields, and incorporate classes that are of interest to that student.
The Interdisciplinary Studies-Social Sciences major is conveniently offered at seven locations, including: Des Moines, Ellensburg campus, Everett, Lynnwood, Moses Lake, Pierce County, Wenatchee, and Yakima, as well as online.
Japan is one of America’s most important trading partners and has had close economic and societal ties to the U.S. in the past half-century. Students interested in the Pacific Rim would benefit from understanding the language, culture and history of the home of Sony, Pokemon, Hello Kitty, and Toyota.
As the world becomes increasingly global, students proficient in Japanese will be well-positioned for positions in government, finance, tourism, translation, teaching, and international relations. CWU offers a BA and a minor in Japanese, as well as a BA in Japanese teaching.
Japan boasts one of the oldest and most culturally rich societies in the world. Studying Japanese at CWU offers opportunities to study abroad and learn more about the history, people, and culture of this fascinating country.
Law & Justice Department
509-963-3219
laj@cwu.edu
Protecting the rights of others and ensuring the public’s safety and security is not only noble but satisfying. The study of law and justice prepares students for employment and to respect the rights of individuals in their professional roles.
Graduates of this program go on to serve as correction officers, juvenile justice officers, law enforcement officers, and wildlife agents.
Careers in these fields are in growing demand. • Law and Justice provides a solid background for career entry and is a logical pathway for graduate and law school.
Cody Stoddard
509-963-3252
Cody.Stoddard@cwu.edu
Protecting the rights of others and ensuring the public’s safety and security is not only noble but satisfying. The study of law and justice prepares students for employment and to respect the rights of individuals in their professional roles.
Graduates of this program go on to serve as correction officers, juvenile justice officers, law enforcement officers, and wildlife agents.
CWU's online law and justice program was name #2 in the Top 50 Best Value Online Criminal Justice Programs of 2016.
Christine Sutphin
509-963-3433
Christine.Sutphin@cwu.edu
The study of linguistics teaches students to broaden their understanding of language and language acquisition.
Students can minor in linguistics at CWU. Clear and concise writing, analytical thinking, persuasiveness, and precision are all valuable skills for a wide range of fields ranging from advertising and public relations to business and law.
Students involved in this program will find numerous opportunities to write and publish their work and to meet professionals in the field through activities and organizations.
Stuart Boersma
509-963-1395
stuart.boersma@cwu.edu
Studying mathematics isn’t just about numbers. It’s also about recognizing patterns and understanding the logic of shapes, quantities, and arrangements. It is the building blocks of everything around us whether its money, architecture, electronics, or even sports.
Let’s face it—mathematicians are the rock stars of computer science, economic forecasting, energy resources, risk management, medicine, finance, and other businesses. Careers in fields with a solid basis in mathematics are among the fastest growing and rewarding.
CareerCast ranked careers involving mathematics (data scientist and statistician) as the top two jobs in 2016. It also projected a 23 percent increase in job growth for mathematicians by 2022.
MET Faculty
509-963-1756
met@cwu.edu
Engineering is the profession of applying scientific and mathematical principles, experience and critical thinking to make things that benefit society. Mechanical engineers invent, design, analyze, build and test machines, systems, structures and materials to fulfill objectives and requirements while considering the limitations imposed by practicality, regulations, safety and cost.
Tim Sorey
509-963-2929
scied@cwu.edu
The middle level science education major prepares students to teach science at the middle school and junior high school levels. The program meets the Washington State endorsement competencies and may be combined with a K-8 or Middle Level Math endorsement.
Students in the science teaching program gain valuable instruction in life science, chemistry, earth science, astronomy, physics, and other scientific concepts. Students will also learn pedagogy in courses that encompass student assessment, teaching in the classroom, and managing classrooms.
Central's Endorsement-Only Program is available to certified teachers who hold the Washington State initial, residency, continuing, or professional teaching certificate and who wish to add a teaching endorsement to their certificate.
Do you want to touch lives and make a difference in educating the future? Or experience that moment when your student’s struggle to learn a concept turns into mastery? Becoming a teacher may be the perfect choice for you.
The Bachelor of Arts in Middle Level Humanities is for students seeking careers in teaching English language arts and social studies (economics, history, geography, social studies and civics) in middle school, which covers grades fifth through eighth.
CWU's teacher education program is the 12th largest in the country. Students in CWU's program are prepared to be outstanding educational leaders and facilitators of learning. CWU provides future and seasoned teachers the specialized skills necessary to teach diverse learners.
Mark Oursland
509-963-2100
oursland@cwu.edu
Math teachers will tell you that few things are as satisfying as seeing a student figure out a difficult mathematical equation for the first time. CWU’s middle level mathematics and science teaching program is designed for students who want to teach math and science at the middle school level (grades 5-8).
Students in the middle level mathematics teaching program gain valuable instruction in linear algebra, geometry, statistics, discrete mathematics, and beginning calculus. Students will also learn pedagogy in courses that encompass student assessment, teaching in the classroom, and managing classrooms.
Central Washington University's Endorsement-Only Program is available to certified teachers who hold the Washington State initial, residency, continuing, or professional teaching certificate and who wish to add a teaching endorsement to their certificate.
Jonathan Ackiss
509-963-3518
jonathan.ackiss@cwu.edu
Founded in 1981, the nationally ranked Army ROTC “Wildcat Battalion,” has a mission to recruit, teach, coach, mentor and commission outstanding scholars, athletes and leaders who possess character and conviction to proudly serve our Nation.
• Develop discipline and hone abilities and skills in leadership development, problem solving, professional ethics, and strategic planning, while training to become an officer in the United States Military and a fulfilling civilian career.
• Have your college paid for in part, or fully, through scholarships.
CWU's Army ROTC program is award winning and nationally regarded. The Wildcat Battalion has won multiple Ranger Challenge competitions against competing ROTCs from colleges and universities throughout the western United States and beyond.
Mari Knirck
509-963-2731
mari.knirck@cwu.edu
Molecular and Cell Biology is the study of fundamental processes that form the basis of biological life and the techniques used to study these processes. This specialization prepares you for entry into graduate degree programs, professional programs in the biomedical fields, or jobs in biomedical/agricultural research labs in government and industry.
There are many and varied opportunities for students pursuing a degree with the Molecular and Cell Biology specialization. You’ll find a wide spectrum of careers that demand the technical skills you learn with this program, from biotechnology research to the health professions.
You’ll have numerous opportunities to work closely with professors on meaningful research. In addition to studying genetics, physiology, microbiology and developmental biology, you’ll also gain the technical skills to work with advanced scientific technology. Our advisors will work closely with you to prepare a curriculum that will best meet your needs.
Like to make your own music? The bachelor of music in composition offers an opportunity for students who have command of their instrument to become an informed, artistic, and more successful composer of music.
In CWU’s music department, your professors will work closely with you to help you grow as a musician, both personally and professionally. At Central we encourage you to explore all types of music, and provide numerous opportunities to develop your talent.
Dr. Kirsten Boldt-Neurohr
509-963-1265
kirsten.boldt-neurohr@cwu.edu
Want to teach music in the public schools? The bachelor of music in education offers specializations in broad area, instrumental, and choral music education, setting all majors up with a quality preparation for teaching, along with a k12 Washington State Certification. Auditions into the Department of Music are required for this degree.
In CWU’s music department, your professors will work closely with you to help you grow as a musician, both personally and professionally. At Central we develop strong musicians who are prepared to enter the schools as distinguished music teachers.
CWU holds the largest constituents of alumni in the music education world, with over forty percent of Washington state public school music teachers graduating from Central! The quality of music teacher preparation is second to none, and the mentorship our students receive is invaluable to the profession.
For most musicians, nothing beats playing in front of an audience! This degree is ideal for musicians dedicated to the pursuit of a professional performance career. Students pursuing a performance concentration may choose to study from a wide variety of specializations that include voice, piano, and all orchestral and band instruments.
In CWU’s music department, your professors will work closely with you to help you grow as a musician, both personally and professionally. At Central we encourage you to explore all types of music, and provide numerous opportunities to develop your talent.
In CWU’s music department, we like to say that teaching is a performing art, and that performing is a team sport. Our professors are world-renowned professional musicians who are dedicated to nurturing your particular talent. And we offer many opportunities to join ensembles, choirs, or groups, because nothing develops your musicianship more than performing with other musicians. CWU offers a Bachelor of Arts in Music.
The Jerilyn S. McIntyre Music Building was designed and built specifically for our music program. Both the visual and acoustical qualities of our building have raised the bar for educational facilities across the country. The 600-seat Concert Hall provides an unparalleled environment for musical performances.
In 2016, the Chamber Choir toured Spain to participate in prestigious 47th Annual Tolosa International Choir Competition. In 2015, Jazz Band 1 performed on stage at the Monterey Jazz Festival. Recently, CWU was the only university on the West Coast invited to perform at the prestigious national Jazz Educators Network (JEN) conference. CWU has the largest National Association for Music Educators student chapter in the United States.
The Information Technology and Administrative Management (ITAM) department prepares students for success in high demand careers and job advancement in the modern workforce through industry-driven programs, quality teaching, and personal advising.
Network Administration and Management students become qualified business professionals prepared to pursue careers that apply a wide variety of network administration skills. Graduates in the Network Administration specialization secure positions as network administrators, network analysts, network managers and more.
Central Washington University’s master of science in Information Technology and Administrative Management is ranked one of the top ten one-year online master’s degree programs in the U.S., according to bestmastersdegrees.com. Schools were ranked based on value, affordability, and the ability of the student to complete the degree in one year.
Douglas Presta
509-963-1098
Douglas.Presta@cwu.edu
This program provides comprehensive education in paramedicine. The four-year degree in paramedicine provides an intensive two-year concentration in paramedicine that not only enables student eligibility for paramedic certification, but provides content to engender leadership and advanced clinical practice abilities in emergency medical services.
Central Washington University EMS Paramedicine Program has a long history of maintaining high academic standards and skill requirements for our graduates that often exceed both state and national minimum standards for paramedic programs. This translates into a very busy, very intense year of learning, both in the classroom and in the field. This level of academic rigor prepares the students not only for successful completion of the national certification exam, but for a rewarding and accomplished career as a professional paramedic.
CWU offers a Bachelor of Science in Paramedicine as well as a fully online Bachelor of Science in Paramedicine, Advanced Standing. You can also earn an emergency medical technician or a paramedic certificate. CWU's program is recognized as one of the best, with content that meets or exceeds the National Education Standards for EMS. About 97 percent of graduates pass the National Registry exam on the first attempt and a job-placement rate of nearly 100 percent
Keith Monosky
509-963-1145
Keith.Monosky@cwu.edu
The online component of the EMS Paramedicine Major is designed for students who already possess a current and valid certification as a paramedic from an authorized training institution and want to complete their Bachelor Degree in Paramedicine at Central Washington University.
Central Washington University EMS Paramedicine Program has a long history of maintaining high academic standards and skill requirements for our graduates that often exceed both state and national minimum standards for paramedic programs.
The online paramedicine program at Central is accredited and meets all of the national and Washington State standards in paramedic education. CWU's program is recognized as one of the best, with content that meets or exceeds the National Education Standards for EMS. About 97 percent of graduates pass the National Registry exam on the first attempt and a job-placement rate of nearly 100 percent
Jeffrey Dippmann
509-963-3172
jeffrey.dippmann@cwu.edu
A day in the life of a philosophy student? Tackling questions about ethics, reality, and social justice. Getting to know the world's most brilliant minds, past and present. When you've finished this degree you'll have the intellectual tools and scholarly background necessary for a deep, critical understanding of human experience.
Philosophy is the study of ideas and values. Study in philosophy develops the critical thinking and logic essential to virtually every career. Our alumni enjoy careers in law, public policy, business, politics and more. CWU offers a BA in philosophy studies. Students can choose to specialize in religious studies.
CWU students in the Philosophy & Religious Studies Department can expect to apply their ideas to public importance, like religious diversity and tolerance, and social justice and mass incarceration. Working closely with faculty, students will do their own research and present it at national conferences. presentation at SOURCE on the professional value of philosophy and religious studies.
Marni Fox
509-963-2482
marni.fox@cwu.edu
Students with this major learn the values of healthy and active lifestyles; healthy and sustainable communities, service, and life-long learning.
Students in the program enjoy a cohort-based curriculum, low student to faculty ratios, personal advising, and nationally recognized faculty members.
The Physical Education Activity program seeks to develop personal skills promoting personal fitness, maintaining health, building morale and establishing an interest in future recreational activities. Classes offered include PE, fitness, aquatics, and team sports.
Marni Fox
509-963-2482
Marni.Fox@cwu.edu
Are you interested in becoming a PE teacher? Then Central's Physical Education and School Health program is a great choice for you. This two-year dynamic and innovative teacher-education program is designed to develop competent physical education and health professionals for K-12 school settings.
The goal of the PE and School Health program is to prepare students to become effective teachers who will dedicate themselves to helping children of all ability levels to become competent, skillful, motivated, and active individuals. Students earn a Bachelor of Science in Physical Education and School Health.
Central's PE and School Health program aligns with state and national standards of quality and is tailored to meet student needs and success. Students receive personal and customized advising and learn from nationally recognized faculty in an intimate class setting. They also have many opportunities to get invovled in majors clubs and attend and participate in national events and conferences.
Unlike some other universities—where physics teaching is heavy on listening but light on doing—CWU physics undergraduates work one-on-one with award-winning professors, performing research in state-of-the-art facilities, and presenting results at national and international conferences.
Physics is the study of everything in the universe both big and small. It’s the pathway to careers in chemistry, oceanography, seismology, astronomy as well as medicine and biology. It prepares you to work in the forefront in science and technology.
It’s pretty simple—we have great physics professors at Central who have gained national and regional recognition for their teaching and research. And because our focus is on undergraduate teaching, you learn directly from those professors!
Unlike some other universities—where physics teaching is heavy on listening but light on doing—CWU physics undergraduates work one-on-one with award-winning professors, performing research in state-of-the-art facilities, and presenting results at national and international conferences.
Physics is the study of everything in the universe both big and small. It’s the pathway to careers in chemistry, oceanography, seismology, astronomy as well as medicine and biology. It prepares you to work in the forefront in science and technology.
It’s pretty simple—we have great physics professors at Central who have gained national and regional recognition for their teaching and research.
This dual degree program enables students to receive a baccalaureate degree in physics from CWU and a Bachelor of Science from an appropriate engineering institution in a respective engineering discipline.
Physics is the study of everything in the universe both big and small. It’s the pathway to careers in chemistry, oceanography, seismology, astronomy as well as medicine and biology. It prepares you to work in the forefront in science and technology.
It’s pretty simple—we have great physics professors at Central who have gained national and regional recognition for their teaching and research. And because our focus is on undergraduate teaching, you learn directly from those professors!
Shelby Taylor-Olson
509-963-2408
Shelby.Taylor-Olson@cwu.edu
Political Science is the study of the forces that govern our world. A student of political science learns how political power is distributed, how governments and government agencies operate, how rules and regulations are made and enforced, and how politics affect every aspect of our lives.
Political science students position themselves for a wide variety of careers ranging from lawyer or social advocate to journalist or research analyst.
At CWU, political science students have access to professors involved in a broad spectrum of political research including international politics, Chicano/Latino studies, Asian geopolitical issues, constitutional law and democratic theory, public opinion, African politics, European political issues, and women’s studies.
Lori Sheeran
509-963-1434
SheeranL@cwu.edu
CWU has long been a leader in the field of primate behavior and habitats. Using an interdisciplinary approach to studying primates, students can learn about subjects like nonverbal primate communication, environment and ecology, primate social behavior, and animal conservation.
Only 20 miles west of the Chimpanzee Sanctuary Northwest, home of seven chimpanzees, CWU offers a chance for students to engage, first-hand, in the field of chimpanzee care and husbandry.
Lisa Norris
509-963-1745
lisa.norris@cwu.edu
We live in an increasingly technological world that is ever more dependent on evolving and expanding forms of communication. The professional and creative writing program instructs students in the practical elements of professional and technical writing and editing. It also combines the rigor of creative writing in poetry, fiction, creative nonfiction, playwriting, and screenwriting. The creative writing minor improves students' writing in fiction, poetry, or non-fiction, and helps prepare teachers who will have creative writing responsibilities in their class assignments.
Graduates of this program will find careers in public relations, teaching, marketing, business, advertising, publishing, and more. Clear and concise writing, analytical abilities, persuasiveness, and precision are all valuable skills for a wide range of fields.
Central offers the professional writing degree online as well. CWU’s online professional writing program is one of the nation’s top ten online English programs, according to www.thebestschools.com, a college degree rating website.
Katharine Whitcomb
509-963-1530
Katharine.Whitcomb@cwu.edu
CWU's online writing program is designed to prepare students for success in the contemporary work environment. It combines the rigor of creative writing in poetry, fiction, creative nonfiction, playwriting, and screenwriting with the practical elements of professional and technical writing and editing.
Students in Central's online professional and creative writing program graduate with an adaptable, tech-savvy, professional degree and an in-depth understanding of multiple genres. The major's interdisciplinary range allows students to shape their major with courses that best suit their interests and goals.
Students learn written communication skills that are easily transferred to any career. Graduates of CWU's online writing program work for businesses, agencies, publications, government offices, and non-profit organizations.
Dr. Gregory Schwab
509-963-2364
Aviation@cwu.edu
The CWU Aviation Department wants people like you, with a passion for the combined art and science of aviation.
CWU's aviation program is the only fully accredited public university aviation program in the Pacific Northwest. Our students have access to the most up-to-date flight simulation equipment on the West Coast. CWU offers professional pilot major with flight officer and commercial pilot specializations.
Our students get jobs! The CWU Aviation Department has or is in the process of having direct-hire agreements with nearly a dozen airlines including Alaska/Horizon, Sky West, and Mesa Airlines.
Stephanie Stein
509-963-2307
stephanie.stein@cwu.edu
Central Washington University's Department of Psychology provides online and face-to-face learning opportunities and experiences through which undergraduate and graduate students develop an understanding of the perspectives, content, methodology, and technology of the science of human and nonhuman behavior and mental processes.
Psychologists dedicate themselves to understanding thought and behavior. These broad areas are studied through developmental, biological, clinical, cognitive and social methods. As you become more knowledgeable of psychological principles, you will better understand your friends, family, coworkers, society at large and yourself!
At Central students enjoy small classes with professors who place a premium on teaching and individualized attention. That mentorship defines face-to-face classes as well as our online program, among the top 30 online psychology bachelor’s degree programs in the nation for 2015.
Sara Bender
509-963-2381
sara.bender@cwu.edu
CWU has a long history of providing excellent training to students seeking a career as a psychologist.
CWU offers a Bachelor of Arts in Psychology that's completely online. This program prepares graduates for graduate school or for work in fields such as social work, family studies, business, forensics, primate behavior, and other fields for which training in behavioral science would be useful. At Central students can choose a 45-credit BA degree or a 30-credit minor in psychology. Both are completely online.
CWU's psychology program was the first in the state of Washington to be nationally approved by the National Association of School Psychologists (NASP). Central's online psychology degree program received recognition as a top 30 online program in the nation.
Casey Mace
509-963-2492
Casey.Mace@cwu.edu
The public health profession focuses on preventing disease, addressing inequities and developing policies and programs that help communities achieve optimal health and wellbeing. Our program aims to educate and empower the emerging generation of public health leaders.
Our classes offer students the breadth and depth of concepts and skills needed for success as public health professionals and for further study. Students undertake internships and other practical experiences - in Washington, around the region, and around the world. Our graduates go on to work in public health agencies, nonprofit organizations, and corporations. Many pursue graduate programs in public health and other disciplines, including law and social work, as well as medicine and other health professions.
CWU offers a Bachelor or Science in Public Health with specializations in population health and pre-nursing. You can also earn a minor in public health. Dr. Casey Mace recently co-authored a report entitled, “Increased physical activity is associated with positive physical and mental health outcomes.” The aim of the study was to assess the relationship between physical activity and depressive symptoms in advanced age people by gender and ethnicity in New Zealand.
Casey Mace
509-963-2492
casey.mace@cwu.edu
The online bachelor of science degree in public health (population health specialization), offers students a solid background in the field of public health, with a broad range of courses that can be tailored to the student’s particular interests.
At CWU, students in the online public health program can pursue careers in the fields of mental health, drugs and health, sexual health, police, advocacy, child and maternal health, environmental health, health administration, and more.
Understanding issues and situations that harm people’s potential for health, well-being, and quality of life enables public health professionals to develop effective strategies to deal with those issues.
Craig Revels
509-963-1447
Craig.Revels@cwu.edu
Data collection and interpretation play an increasingly important role in crafting laws and regulations that affect our lives. Public Policy is a field guided by technological advances in science and current economic trends.
Students studying public policy gain an understanding of the relationship between how data is collected and interpreted, and how that information is used to make political decisions that have an effect on nearly everything we do.
Depending on your area of emphasis, studying public policy at CWU offers a chance to gain an understanding of such areas as public-private partnerships, international relations, economic policy, environmental law, human rights, energy policies, or public health. It helps prepare students to work in either the public sector, or industry as a liaison to government agencies.
In public relations, you get to tell your client's or employer’s story. Public relations specialists plan, direct, and create material that will enhance or maintain the public image of a corporation, individual, organization, non-profit, or association.
According to U.S. News and World Reports, public relations ranks #3 in Best Creative & Media Jobs based on salary, job prospects, future growth, and work-life balance. The best-paid 10 percent in the field made approximately $105,000 annually.
At CWU, public relations majors get to do things themselves. Whether it’s working with the student-run Central Communication Agency or competing in the Public Relation Student Society of America’s national Bateman competition, our students gain first-hand knowledge of planning, developing, and creating public relations campaigns.
Jeffrey Dippmann
509-963-3172
jeffrey.dippmann@cwu.edu
The religious studies degree is comparative in nature, but complemented by a philosophical component focused on religion and unique electives designed to accommodate student interests.
Philosophy is the study of ideas and values. Study in philosophy develops the critical thinking and logic essential to virtually every career. Our alumni enjoy careers in law, public policy, business, politics and more. Philosophy students can earn a BA in philosophy with a specialization in religious studies.
CWU students in the Philosophy & Religious Studies Department can expect to apply their ideas to public importance, like religious diversity and tolerance, and social justice and mass incarceration. Working closely with faculty, students will do their own research and present it at national conferences. presentation at SOURCE on the professional value of philosophy and religious studies.
Retail Management and Technology students become qualified business professionals prepared to pursue careers in retail environments that infuse information technology in areas such as e-commerce, management, selling, purchasing, operations, and merchandising.
CWU offers a Bachelor of Science in Retail Management and Technology with online and FlexIt options. Graduates in the Retail Management and Technology specialization secure careers in store operations, store management, IT and E‐Commerce, sales, distribution and logistics, merchandise buying and planning, and entrepreneurship.
Central Washington University’s master of science in Information Technology and Administrative Management is ranked one of the top ten one-year online master’s degree programs in the U.S., according to bestmastersdegrees.com. Schools were ranked based on value, affordability, and the ability of the student to complete the degree in one year.
Russia is a major player when it comes to the world stage. As a result, those who understand Russian and are knowledgeable about Russian history and culture are in high demand in a number of careers.
Students studying Russian can find careers in government, foreign service, military, journalism, international non-governmental organizations, business, education, and tourism.
CWU offers small, student-centered classes in Russian. Students study not only the Russian language but also the country’s rich culture, history, and society. Courses are collaborations with other departments that incorporate Russian film, literature, and politics.
Sathyanarayanan Rajendran
509-963-1152
rajendrans@cwu.edu
Occupational safety and health professionals are essential to every organization. They create healthy work settings by analyzing and reducing risks. Curriculum is based on business management, chemistry, psychology, risk management, and statistics in the workplace. Our program prepares excellent safety professionals who have confidence and leadership to successfully navigate complex organizational networks.
• An engineering, safety, or construction degree from CWU opens doors to some of the hottest careers in the country. All programs are built on a strong foundation of technical courses with an emphasis on communication, making for limitless career potential
• CWU grads land internships and high-paying jobs with national and international firms. With a nearly 100 percent placement rate — oftentimes before graduation — and starting salaries of about $60,000, their degrees immediately begin to pay off.
• Our faculty collaborate with students on research and publications and provide proactive advising to keep them on track and job ready.
• Classes are held in the Hogue Technology Building, one of the nation’s most advanced facilities for industrial and engineering technology.
Mark Oursland
509-963-2100
oursland@cwu.edu
Mathematics secondary teaching is for a person who enjoys mathematical inquiry and social engagement—and wants to share that enthusiasm with high school students. Our program is built off the expertise and experiences of our highly esteemed professors. CWU provides an excellent environment to prepare you for a rewarding and successful career in teaching secondary mathematics.
Academically talented students majoring in a STEM discipline (which includes math) have an opportunity to apply for a two-year SOLVER scholarship totaling $20,000. The scholarship is funded by a National Science Foundation grant and is meant to help promising students through the last, most difficult years of their degree programs.
Graduates of CWU’s mathematics secondary teaching program are highly sought after. According to the Washington Office of the Superintendent of Public Instruction, there is a serious shortage of mathematics and science teachers in the state.
CWU Social Services degree builds upon your passion to help those in need by providing you with the skills and knowhow. Graduates go on to work for non-profits and governmental agencies where they assist clients experiencing hardship.
Coursework includes hands-on experience; completing service projects, working with non-profit organizations, and developing a broad understanding of professional ethics as it’s related to social casework.
• Significant job growth is expected within the community and social service occupations, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
• A career aimed at improving people’s lives, like those in social services, is gratifying work.
The social service major is designed for students interested in working in the human services delivery systems.
Students in this major have a strong grounding in sociology as well as the applied field of social services. They study critical issues in the field and work within agencies in the community.
Online social sciences students are encouraged to organize their program of study to include a minor in an area of interest or specialization outside of sociology. Some areas that fit well with this major include psychology, ethnic studies, family studies, gerontology, women’s studies, and community health.
Sociology is the study of why humans do the things they do. Students learn research techniques, creative reasoning, and communication methods—core skills that can translate into a wide variety of careers including in counseling, marketing, criminal justice, or psychology.
About two-thirds of those who said their jobs were closely related to what they had learned as sociology majors were very satisfied with their jobs, according to a survey by the American Sociological Association. Additionally, more than three-quarters of majors said they were very satisfied with their choice of sociology as a major.
• At CWU, studying sociology is a chance to grasp the relationship between history, society and the individual’s life.
• CWU’s McNair Scholars Program pairs students in one-on-one faculty research mentorships and provides guidance through the graduate school application process.
Sociology is the study of why humans do the things they do. Students learn research techniques, creative reasoning, and communication methods—core skills that can translate into a wide variety of careers including in counseling, marketing, criminal justice, or psychology.
About two-thirds of those who said their jobs were closely related to what they had learned as sociology majors were very satisfied with their jobs, according to a survey by the American Sociological Association. Additionally, more than three-quarters of majors said they were very satisfied with their choice of sociology as a major.
The Sociology Department provides opportunities for students to understand the conceptual and methodological tools used by sociologists to understand society.
Around the world there are more than 400 million Spanish speakers. Learning to speak Spanish is the key to success in a wide variety of careers particularly in business, tourism, communication, medicine, and education.
As the Hispanic population in the U.S. has grown by 60 percent in the past decade, the need for employees fluent in Spanish has similarly increased. A degree in Spanish helps prepare students for jobs in teaching, as translators and interpreters, in government work and much more.
CWU students majoring in Spanish have excelled at presentations and conferences in the past year, including:
- Omar Manzo, a Douglas Honors College student majoring in Spanish and minoring in political science, presented research at the National Technology and Social Science Conference in Las Vegas.
- Yazmin Aquilar, Spanish and social services major, presented at a panel at the Students of Color Conference in Yakima.
Janet Finke
509-963-1951
janet.finke@cwu.edu
The demand for special education teachers is projected to grow more than 6 percent during the next decade, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. Almost 1 in 10 children live with a disability. You can help these students learn despite their challenges. Utilize the tools and skills acquired from CWU’s Special Education program to tap into each child’s abilities and watch them excel.
Special education teachers use their knowledge to positively impact learning in children who have autism, dyslexia, developmental delays, and more. CWU's Special Education program prepares these teachers for meeting the diverse tasks required in teaching individuals with disabilities.
CWU’s talented faculty are passionate about the field of education and producing capable teachers to work in Washington State schools and beyond. An internship or practicum is required to ensure students receive hands-on real-world experience in the classroom. What’s more, employment for special education teachers is projected to grow through 2024.
Brian McGladrey
509-963-1972
Brian.McGladrey@cwu.edu
A sport management degree prepares students for careers in a variety of sports-related fields including coaching, business, education, and recreation.
The sports industry generates more than $213 billion in annual revenues. According to the Society of Health and Physical Educators, the sports industry will continue to rank among the largest and most diverse industries in the nation, thereby, sustaining career opportunities for the future. CWU offers a Bachelor of Science in Sport Management with specializations in coaching, business, and physical activity and recreation programming.
The wide range of organizational settings where sports occur means that individuals can select and pursue careers in the kind of work environment of their choice and for which they are best suited. Besides traditional sports, the sports industry now involves new alternative, action, and extreme sports (skateboarding, boogie boarding, ice climbing, snow kayaking, etc) and new professional sports, especially for women.
You have the talent and the passion. Let us help you turn it into a profession. Our studio areas include ceramics, painting and drawing, metalsmithing, photography, sculpture, and wood design. You’ll have access to specialized studios, designed to foster your growth as an artist, no matter what your medium.
Your fine arts degree can be a foundation for a broad range of career directions, from teaching to management to media and advertising. Your training in art can be a gateway to a variety of careers, from video game illustrator to jewelry designer to forensic artist.
Our students work closely with award-winning, professional artists from their very first class. The department hosts Gallery 231, one of the state’s first and only galleries devoted solely to student artwork.
At Central Washington University, teacher education preparation spreads across the entire campus. College deans and the School of Education work closely together to ensure faculty who teach content areas for future teachers actually have teaching experience.
CWU embeds real K-12 experience throughout students' academic careers. Central education students are required to complete student teaching before graduation and certification. While all teaching colleges measure students' knowledge of content and teaching methods, at CWU we also test compassion, caring, and conscientiousness using a unique evaluation process. CWU faculty teach these essential skills by modeling them; one-to-one attention, small classes, and individual connection produce the state's most effective teachers.
Central Washington University's School of Education is the largest in Washington state and the 12th largest in the nation. We offer a variety of masters, majors, minors, and certifications for those interested in teaching or working in education administration. Content areas include physical education and school health, family and consumer sciences, business and marketing, career and technical education, science, math, history, English, music, and library science to name a few. Students can also choose to specialize in bilingual education, early childhood education, elementary education, literacy, world languages, Teaching English as a Second Langauge, and special education.
Scott Calahan
509-963-3218
Scott.Calahan@cwu.edu
The technology education degree is great for students with a basic background in woods, metals, drafting, and mathematics through trigonometry. It prepares candidates to teach exploratory technology education to students in junior high and high school. Majors can choose between two options: the technology education broad area, and the technology education major.
An engineering, safety, or construction degree from CWU opens doors to some of the hottest careers in the country. All programs are built on a strong foundation of technical courses with an emphasis on communication, making for limitless career potential.
• Our faculty collaborate with students on research and publications and provide proactive advising to keep them on track and job ready. • Classes are held in the Hogue Technology Building, one of the nation’s most advanced facilities for industrial and engineering technology.
Theatre Arts would like nothing more than to see your name in lights. The department is an ensemble of artists, scholars, educators, and practitioners who foster creativity and excellence while preparing students for careers and further study in theatre.
One of the signature programs at CWU, Theatre Arts graduates have found success in some of the nation’s top MFA programs as well as in professional theatre organizations and productions such as WICKED, the Santa Fe Opera, Seattle Children’s Theatre, and the National Shakespeare Company. Students earn a BFA in Theatre Arts with a specialization in performance, musical theatre, or design and production.
CWU’s Theatre Arts incorporates state-of-the-industry techniques, such as Rasaboxes, View Points and Susuki in performance training. It also incorporates specialized software, such as VectorWorks®, Bourtique®, and QLab®, in design and technical training.
The Theatre Arts: Design and Production is designed to prepare knowledgeable, skilled graduates who will compete at all levels in an increasingly competitive field. Students will also learn to assess, explain, and interpret the many roles and responsibilities inherent in the world of the professional theatre artist.
Students have opportunities to build solid portfolios by completing main stage projects in their focus areas. Students choose from a range of courses, both introductory and advanced, from writing and drawing, to construction and sewing, while pursuing one of the following specializations: scenic design and technology, costume design and technology, lighting design and technology, sound design and technology, and stage and production management.
Professional opportunities abound in professional theatre and entertainment industries to include repertory companies, performing arts centers, regional theatres, touring companies, dinner theatres, film and television, theme parks, children's theatre and industrial films and shows.
More and more CWU grads are finding their way into some of the most prestigious graduate programs in the country, which will allow for even further advancement in the business. In the past five years the department has placed more than 20 graduates in MA and MFA programs throughout the country, most with full scholarships and assistantships.
The Theatre Arts: Music Theatre builds specific skills through singing, acting, and stage movement in the musical theatre style. Students choose from a range of courses, both introductory and advanced, from writing and movement, to dancing and voice.
The musical theatre program is innovative and interdisciplinary. Students complete a sequence of core foundation courses, gain admission into the program through audition/interview, and focus in a single emphasis-performance, design and production, or musical theatre. The major builds specific skills in production from a strong foundation of using the body as the artist’s instrument through singing, voice, and stage movement in the musical theatre style.
Professional opportunities abound in professional theatre and entertainment industries to include repertory companies, performing arts centers, regional theatres, touring companies, dinner theatres, film and television, theme parks, children's theatre and industrial films and shows. • More and more CWU grads are finding their way into some of the most prestigious graduate programs in the country, which will allow for even further advancement in the business. In the past five years the department has placed more than 20 graduates in MA and MFA programs throughout the country, most with full scholarships and assistantships
The Bachelor of Fine Arts in Performance builds specific skills through acting styles, voice, and stage movement. Students choose from a range of courses, both introductory and advanced, from writing and dancing, to stage and screen.
One of the signature programs at CWU, Theatre Arts graduates have found success in some of the nation’s top MFA programs as well as in professional theatre organizations and productions such as WICKED, the Santa Fe Opera, Seattle Children’s Theatre, and the National Shakespeare Company.
CWU’s Theatre Arts incorporates state-of-the-industry techniques, such as Rasaboxes, View Points and Susuki in performance training. It also incorporates specialized software, such as VectorWorks®, Bourtique®, and QLab®, in design and technical training.
Central's Theatre Studies degree is a perfect choice for the theatre artist. The general studies emphasis allows for advanced study in a variety of areas.
Theatre studies provides students a broad study of theatre within the liberal arts environment. Theatre students can choose a program that is tailored to their own personal preferences and enjoy a full spectrum of theatre experiences.
Theatre studies will help you become the kind of well-rounded theatre artist who can go on to a focused study in graduate school or a variety of careers in the field. It also is a great choice for the student who has a number of interests and needs the flexibility to explore several options.
Web and Database Administration and Management students become qualified business professionals prepared to pursue careers that apply a wide variety of web and database skills.
Graduates in the Web and Database Administration specialization secure positions as web administrators, database administrators, web designers, and more.
The Information Technology and Administrative Management (ITAM) department prepares students for success in high demand careers and job advancement in the modern workforce through industry-driven programs, quality teaching, and personal advising.
Christina Denison
509-963-1900
christina.denison@cwu.edu
The William O. Douglas Honors College (DHC) is Central's premier interdisciplinary program for academically talented students at CWU. Students first take DHC designated courses to satisfy gen ed requirements. Then they complete an upper-division faculty mentored capstone project that prepares them for their post-CWU aspirations, be it the global workplace and/or graduate school.
DHC graduates have been accepted to prestigious graduate schools and law schools throughout the country.
Judith Hennessy
509-963-2488
womenst@cwu.edu
Women’s, Gender and Sexuality Studies is an interdisciplinary program where students explore challenging and provocative questions about how gender and sexuality impact people and the societies in which they live. Central offers a Bachelor of Arts in Women's, Gender and Sexuality Studies.
Students in Central's Women’s, Gender, and Sexuality Studies program gain critical thinking skills as they learn about and discuss social and cultural influences through the lens of gender and sexuality. In this program, they will explore issues such as what would gender equality look like and how do our ideas of masculinity and femininity develop, get shared and change in various societies?
At CWU, a degree in Women’s, Gender and Sexuality Studies helps students develop strong research, writing and analytical skills, in addition to effective communication and team work. The program helps open doors to a variety of different careers including market research, university administration, human resources and counseling.
Sunny Days
Year Founded
Degree Programs
Average Class Size
1 YR. Average Tuition
Student/Faculty Ratio
So what are you doing after class? Grab a cup of coffee in one of our coffee shops. Relax under a 100-year-old tree near the SURC. Stop in for a quick Spin class at the Recreation Center. Take a walk through Sarah Spurgeon Art Gallery or enjoy the latest exhibit in the Museum of Culture and Environment. The list goes on and on.
Our students are talented, hard-working and full of good ideas. We encourage and empower them to bring their ideas to life. Hands-on opportunities are what we're all about. Our students are busy doing things that matter. Take a look at the opportunites you'll have at Central Washington University.
Central Washington University is a 2019 recipient of the prestigious INSIGHT Into Diversity Higher Education Excellence in Diversity (HEED) Award.Full Story
For those who are new, welcome to the Wildcat Family. For those of you returning to Central, we are glad to have you back as you continue your journey to graduation. To our faculty and staff, welcome to another year of …Full Story
June 10: Join us for commencement ceremonies at Tomlinson Stadium Saturday, June 10. We’ll host two ceremonies in Ellensburg, one at 9:30 a.m. and one at 1:00 p.m. Visit the commencement website for more details.
June 29-July 18: CWU Orientation runs through July. First-year students experience a two-day program where you’ll meet other new Wildcats and experience life on campus. Transfer students take part in a one-day program. Visit our Orientation website for more information.