The world happens
in double time.
Does your CSR?
Robust end-to-end CSR software for all your grant management and philanthropy needs so you can achieve Agile Social Impact.
Philanthropy
in the fast lane.
Robust end-to-end CSR software for all your grant management and philanthropy needs so you can achieve Agile Social Impact.
Saving the planet
requires agility.
Robust end-to-end CSR software for all your grant management and philanthropy needs so you can achieve Agile Social Impact.
Software for grants management, corporate giving, employee giving and foundations.
The world’s largest globally-invested organizations use CyberGrants corporate social responsibility (CSR) software. You too can nimbly transform your grants management, employee giving, volunteering, and corporate giving initiatives into impact that delivers your good intentions.
Don’t just do good things.
Do the right good things.
Experience a Seamless Grantmaking Process
Maximize Your Impact Through Employee Engagement
Mobilize Immediately
Act quickly when sudden, unexpected and worthy causes emerge. Whether driven by geographical or economic factors, human action, or the global impact of climate change. CyberGrants enables you to react quicker than anyone to global and local needs.
Innovate Faster
Create special initiatives that are specifically tailored to your company. Employee assistance, in-kind giving, charitable spending accounts, and service corps programs. Can all be designed and implemented quickly via CyberGrants automated software.
Optimize Continuously
Get a very clear, real-time picture of where money is going and the impact it’s making with extensive analytic capabilities. Continuously adjust, refine and increase outcomes, and just as importantly demonstrate your initiatives.
CyberGrants delivers tremendous global impact.
We process nearly one-third of all corporate giving.
We reach close to 19 million employees of the U.S. workforce with employee programs.
We enable our clients to give $6.5 billion and 54 million volunteer hours to more than 650,000 NPOs in 150+ different countries annually.
We serve more than half of the Fortune 100 companies and 18 of the 25 largest corporate foundations.
Get the latest from CyberGrants
FROM OUR BLOG
LATEST RESOURCE
Ready to talk?
Get a demo with one of our experts to see how we can help you achieve your corporate philanthropy goals and achieve Agile Social Impact.