Join the D8U global community to make new lasting connections.
D8U.com is completely free to join, message members, view their profiles and photos and arrange to meet up. If you want completely unrestricted communications (all limits removed) then we ask that you upgrade to become a VIP member. This is completely optional however, and you do not need to be VIP to use D8U!
Your personal email and details will never be shown on the site, and you have complete control over what you choose to share with other members. You can rest assured that your privacy is one of our prime concerns, and we will never share any of your information with 3rd parties.
Once you’ve joined for free, you will have access to a bustling, vibrant community of people looking to chat, make friends, hookup and more. You can get to know other members by sending mail, instant messaging and using our free chat rooms which include video chatting! Our members also have some great blogs to help you get to know them better.
VIP members are the amazing people who support the site financially through their membership. They can contact whomever they like and have full access to the site.
A VIP member is one of the awesome people who have paid a small fee to upgrade their membership and help support the site financially. VIP’s get a load of great features to say thanks for their support such as unlimited messaging, priority customer support and access to VIP only chat rooms.
No. Our email systems are SenderScore certified. We only use your email to notify you of any activity on your profile but you can always opt out.
No, and even if we wanted to we couldn’t because our email systems are SenderScore verified. We will only send you mail to notify you of any activity on your account, and we will never share your email address with anyone. You can completely disable all email contact from us too if you like.
If you still aren’t sure about signing up, you can contact one of our Support Team who will be more than happy to answer any questions you have about being a member of d8u.comJoin Us!