New reporting from The Washington Post completely undercuts a central defense of Donald Trump and his allies regarding impeachment: the notion that they were somehow concerned about corruption in Ukraine more generally, and not simply a politically motivated investigation into the Bidens.
Actually, Trump has been so unconcerned about combatting corruption in Ukraine that White House budget documents show his administration has made repeated attempts to cut billions of dollars in foreign aid designed to help fight corruption in Ukraine and other places.
Among the anti-corruption programs for which the Trump administration sought budget cuts is International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement, which seeks to promote justice and law enforcement reforms through new institutions such as Ukraine’s National Anti-Corruption Bureau and Special Anti-Corruption Prosecutor’s Office. Congress, for instance, directed $30 million through the program to Ukraine for fighting corruption after Trump's White House sought to slash the funding to just $13 million. But since the White House didn't succeed in this year's budget, it's trying again for $13 million in next year's budget.
The White House is also seeking to slash a portion of the Economic Support and Development Fund that pushed $250 million toward fighting corruption in Ukraine in 2018 to just $145 million in 2020.
So Trump standing on the White House lawn a couple weeks ago yelling at reporters, “I don’t care about politics, but I do care about corruption," was just, well, Trump yelling at reporters. And lying, as usual.
Rhode Island Attorney General Peter Neronha announced on Wednesday that Thomas Woodworth, the prison officer who intentionally drove his truck into a peaceful group of Jewish demonstrators protesting anti-immigrant policies, won’t face any charges. The Boston Globe reports, “Neronha said the 23-member grand jury needed at least 12 votes to support criminal charges being filed, but it declined to indict anyone following an ‘extremely thorough’ investigation that included law enforcement interviewing more than 70 witnesses in the case.”
Truly a disgusting but unsurprising decision, said the group Never Again Action, which led the August protest. “Witnesses who testified before the grand jury, including those who were hit by the truck, reported that prosecutors focused only on the supposed ‘danger’ of unarmed protesters in an effort to justify Woodworth's and his colleagues’ self-evidently indefensible actions,” the group said in a statement. “This strategy, employed by Attorney General Neronha's prosecutors, is used repeatedly by investigators across the country probing police violence against citizens.”
Woodworth resigned from his job several days after he was caught on video intentionally driving his vehicle into peaceful Never Again Action members outside the Wyatt Detention Facility in Central Falls. In video from the group and Rhode Island NBC affiliate WJAR, guards were also seen pepper-spraying activists, of which a number had to be treated at a hospital. This was, again, a group of peaceful demonstrators engaged in an act of civil disobedience, yet the response from officials was assault with pepper spray and a truck.
Never Again Action members plan to gather outside Neronha’s office later Wednesday to protest the decision and “once again call on Governor [Gina] Raimondo, the General Assembly, and the Mayor and City Council of Central Falls to do everything in their power to shut this dangerous and immoral facility down,” and to continue to shine a light on the abuses that immigrants face daily in Immigration and Customs Enforcement detention—and that don’t get caught on video.
“If these officers, acting in their official capacity, acted with such violence toward protesters, we can only imagine how they treat the immigrants and asylum-seekers in their charge on a regular basis,” the group noted. “Mr. Woodworth should be in jail but, more importantly, the Wyatt should be shut down, the state should ban all collaboration with ICE, and ICE detainees at the Wyatt should be freed.”
A Republican source close to Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told a reporter of impeachment Wednesday, "This is shaping up to be a very dark moment for the Trump White House."
It may sound almost too good to be true, but signs are definitely emerging that Republicans realize Donald Trump is in a heap of trouble and is growing less defensible by the day. In fact, the Senate GOP's No. 2—the guy tasked with whipping votes—said as much Wednesday morning. Acknowledging the damning nature of the cascade of testimony from career public servants, South Dakota Sen. John Thune said, “The picture coming out based on the reporting we’ve seen is not a good one. But I would say until we have a process that allows to see this with full transparency, it’s pretty hard to come to hard and fast conclusions.”
Thune knows Republicans and the American public aren't yet privy to all of what House investigators have discovered during closed-door testimony. But what is publicly available is bad enough, and Thune is basically saying, Let's see how good a case Democrats are able to assemble.
Senate GOP leadership has already had to change course on its approach to what appears to be Trump's inevitable impeachment in the House. Initially, McConnell suggested that a Senate trial would be necessary but could be done on an abbreviated timeline. But following a week of blockbuster testimony from career public servants, McConnell clearly understood an abbreviated trial wasn't going to be enough to provide the type of cover his vulnerable GOP colleagues up for reelection would need in order to claim that Republicans took Trump's malfeasance seriously. During their weekly luncheon last Wednesday, McConnell briefed his caucus on the impending Senate trial, saying it could last up to six to eight weeks. "We intend to do our constitutional responsibility," McConnell told reporters following the session.
McConnell's show of seriousness comes at a time when the reelection campaigns of some of the most vulnerable members of his caucus are sucking wind. Four Republican senators in tough reelection bids presently have approval ratings that are underwater and were simultaneously outraised by their Democratic opponents in third-quarter fundraising: Sens. Susan Collins of Maine, Joni Ernst of Iowa, Martha McSally of Arizona, and Thom Tillis of North Carolina.
That's likely why Sen. Collins called the bombshell testimony Tuesday from Bill Taylor, the top U.S. diplomat in Ukraine, "another very important piece of evidence we’ll have to weigh.”
Wanna take back the Senate in 2020? How about chipping in $3 to kick Mitch McConnell and his GOP majority to the curb next year?Read More
The move by a group of roughly two dozen House Republicans to "storm" the House sensitive compartmented information facility, or SCIF, compromising the secure space by refusing to turn over private cell phones or submit to other screening, has now ended.
The extent to which the Republican action was intended purely as a pro-Trump publicity stunt can be discovered by looking at the list of participants: Twelve of those Republicans are actually on the three impeachment-relevant committees, and have had access to witness testimony from the beginning. A full 46 House Republicans sit on those committees, and all of them have heard witness testimony. (You may recall the constant presence of those members leaving each deposition to insist to assembled reporters that the testimony they were hearing was untrustworthy, or not at all damaging to Trump, or simply boring.)
The latest updates:
• Donald Trump himself reportedly approved the stunt, only the latest display of White House contempt for both the law and national security considerations.
• Also approving the stunt in advance: House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy. McCarthy dismissed the security implications of Republican members bringing cell phones into the secure space, bafflingly telling a reporter, “These are individuals who have never been in Intel Committee before or anywhere else. So it’s nothing serious from that matter.”
• Rather than the action being an unintentional oversight, some Republicans explicitly refused to turn over their unsecured cell phones to security when entering the facility.
• Rep. Alex Mooney brazenly recorded a "report from inside" the secure space, the latest House Republican to brag about committing a national security breach.
• Rep. Matt Gaetz's office handed out expired congressional passes to uncredentialed reporters and an HBO crew in an effort to boost publicity for the event.
• Rep. Adam Schiff, who is leading the House impeachment inquiry: “Clearly the White House was devastated by yesterday’s testimony. These witnesses have been willing to defy the administration and follow the law and come testify so the president’s allies are trying to stop them through other means.”
Homeland Security Committee chair Bennie Thompson is now requesting the House Sergeant at Arms “take action with respect to the Members involved in the breach.”
Just to add to the chaos, today a lawyer for Donald Trump argued, before a three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals in Manhattan, that Donald Trump could literally murder someone in cold blood and nobody could do a thing about it. The appeals court is considering the Manhattan district attorney’s office’s subpoena of Trump’s tax returns as part of an investigation of the Trump Organization.
The lawyer, William Consovoy, was specifically asked about "the Fifth Avenue example," Donald Trump's 2016 claim that he could "stand in the middle of Fifth Avenue and shoot somebody and I wouldn't lose voters."
As reported by Bloomberg, U.S. Circuit Judge Denny Chin asked Consovoy flat out: Would Trump be immune? "Local authorities couldn't investigate, they couldn't do anything about it?"
Only after he had been removed from office, claimed Consovoy. But "I'm talking about while in office. Nothing could be done? That's your position?" asked Chin again.
"That is correct."
Local authorities could conduct an investigation but Trump's lawyer argued that as president, Trump could murder someone in broad daylight and still be immune from criminal charges or even subpoenas, so long as he held office.
That is their position. And that is what Trump's legal team is asking the federal courts to codify.
Kashyap Patel may not be the biggest name in Washington, but he’s high on Donald Trump’s list of favorites. He may also represent another back channel to Ukraine who, like Rudy Giuliani, was feeding Trump a stream of misinformation and conspiracy theories designed to warp U.S. policy.
The New York Times reports that Patel has been a frequent visitor at the White House, where Trump has referred to him as an expert on Ukraine. He’s not. Patel is a former member of Republican Congressman Devin Nunes’ staff and the primary author of an infamous memo alleging political motivations behind an FBI investigation into Trump adviser Carter Page in 2018, which Nunes insisted on releasing over objections of the intelligence community that it put both sources and methods at risk. Previous to that, Patel had demonstrated his competence by practicing law on an expired license and being on the receiving end of an “order of ineptitude” from a judge over serious screw-ups in a counterterrorism case.
As a reward for his role in destroying national security in practically every way available to a low-ranking official, Trump gave Patel a spot as a National Security Council aide. There, even though Ukraine policy is not part of his official duties, Patel seems to have taken it on himself to ferry documents to Trump and provide his own briefings—only without all the stuffy background information, history, and facts that Trump hates.
In addition to the official diplomatic team in Kyiv, Trump already had the “three amigos,” Gordon Sondland, Kurt Volker, and Rick Perry, applying pressure on Ukrainian officials to announce the investigations he wanted. And Trump had Rudy Giuliani and his indicted associates running around planting conspiracy theories, coercing statements, and mailing back heaps of propaganda to the State Department. But it seems that wasn’t enough.
Based on reporting, it seems that Patel was yet another unofficial pipeline between Trump and Ukraine, one that allowed Trump to get his hands on information without the constraints and concerns sent along by those pettifogging lawyers and diplomats in the State Department and intelligence communities. Trump liked the product that he got from Patel so much better than what was emerging from official channels that he apparently called Patel the “Ukraine director” of the National Security Council. And he said this to White House adviser Fiona Hill … who had the actual person holding that position on her staff.
Patel may currently be little known outside of Republican circles on Capitol Hill. But expect him to become impeachment-cycle famous. There’s a very good chance that his name is going to be added to the list of those whom the inquiry would like to question.
Against the backdrop of a national crisis in which Donald Trump and his team have admitted that they attempted to extort a foreign government into interfering in the next U.S. presidential election, Democratic senators once again repeatedly attempted to bring election security legislation to the floor of the Senate Wednesday, and once again were repeatedly blocked by Republicans.
Sen. Amy Klobuchar, Democrat of Minnesota, asked for consent to bring her Honest Ads Act to the floor. It would require online and social media platforms to make "all reasonable efforts" to prevent foreign entities from placing political ads and require public disclosure of purchasers of political ads. Sen. John Thune, a South Dakota Republican and second-in-command in the Republican Senate leadership, blocked it, saying it needed "bipartisan work." Because, apparently, Republicans are fine with foreign governments helping them get elected by spending money on ads for them.
Then Illinois Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin tried to bring up the Election Security Act, a bill similar to what's passed already in the House and is languishing on McConnell's desk. It would give states $1 billion to beef up their election systems' security and would also require backup paper ballots. Republican Sen. John Kennedy of Louisiana blocked that one, saying that the funding was excessive. Because, apparently, spending as much as necessary on securing the integrity of the keystone of our democracy—free and fair elections— is too much for Republicans.
Then Sen. Mark Warner, Democrat of Virginia, tried to bring his Foreign Influence Reporting in Elections (FIRE) Act to the floor. Freshman Republican Sen. Marsha Blackburn of Tennessee blocked it. The bill would require presidential campaigns to report all offers of assistance from foreign entities. Because, apparently, letting foreign governments help run presidential campaigns is completely fine and normal now, if you're a Republican.
The only way Republicans can win is by cheating. If that cheating includes turning the country into a banana republic controlled by foreign adversaries taking over our elections, that's okay. They'll have won.
The July 25 call between Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has often been described as a call in which Trump congratulated the new president on his election. It wasn’t. Because Trump made that congratulatory call all the way back on April 21, on the night of Zelensky’s election. And following that call, the incoming Ukrainian leader came away convinced of one thing: Trump was applying pressure to open an investigation into Joe Biden.
Just as it did with the later call, the White House did not make a transcript available of the April 21 call to Zelensky. However, the call was noted and described as one in which Trump urged Zelensky to “root out corruption.” Back in April, it might not have been clear to Americans reading the brief release from the White House what exactly Trump had said to the incoming Ukrainian leader. But on the other side of the world, the message was clear.
The Associated Press is reporting that, as early as May 7, Zelensky gathered his staff to tell them that Trump was pressing for an investigation into Biden. That pressure had come in the form of both the April phone call and messages being passed along to Ukrainian officials by Trump’s agent in the field, Rudy Giuliani. Both men were delivering the message that the U.S. relationship with Ukraine depended on Zelensky announcing an investigation into Burisma, the company where Biden’s son had been on the board, as well as investigations into conspiracy theories connected with the 2016 U.S. presidential campaign.
Zelensky understood what Trump was demanding. He also understood just what a trap it created. Opening an investigation into Biden for no reason other than that Trump wanted it meant interfering full-on in the 2020 U.S. election. On the other hand, he knew that if he didn’t please Trump, he was unlikely to receive the aid he needed to face Russian forces moving into Ukraine’s Donbass region. Zelensky was already desperately searching for a position by which he could secure Trump’s favor without having to take a step that implicated his country in attempting to influence the election.
So at that May 7 meeting in Kyiv, Zelensky spent three hours trying to navigate how to deal with Trump and Giuliani. It’s not known what Zelensky decided or where his assistants may have turned for help at the end of those three hours. But one day after the meeting, the State Department recalled U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine Marie Yovanovitch.Read More
Following bombshell testimony from the top U.S. diplomat in Kiev that Donald Trump had withheld aid from Ukraine until its president publicly promised investigations into the Bidens and DNC server, Trump rushed to Twitter to deny the quid pro quo.
"Neither he (Taylor) or any other witness has provided testimony that the Ukrainians were aware that military aid was being withheld. You can’t have a quid pro quo with no quo,'" Trump tweeted, quoting a GOP congressman on Fox News discussing Bill Taylor, who gave the congressional testimony Tuesday.
That can now be added to the 13,435 other lies Trump has told the American people, based on new reporting from the New York Times that Ukraine absolutely knew the aid was being deliberately withheld by the first week of August, at least. In fact, Ukrainian leaders were also explicitly told to reach out to White House chief of staff Mick Mulvaney in order to address the hold up, which was not merely bureaucratic in nature. That also means the Ukrainians knew about the freeze during much of August, when Trump lawyer Rudy Giuliani was leading an effort to force Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky into publicly committing to the investigations Trump wanted, according to the Times.
The new reporting syncs with the information relayed in the complaint filed by the original whistleblower, who wrote, "As of early August, I heard from U.S. officials that some Ukrainian officials were aware that U.S. aid might be in jeopardy, but I do not know how or when they learned of it."
During that critical period in August when Ukrainian leaders were trying to make sense of the aid freeze and U.S. policy, Zelensky had just come off the July 25 phone call in which Trump asked Zelensky for "a favor" and repeatedly mentioned alleged corruption by the Bidens.
Taylor, the diplomat who testified Tuesday, pinpointed Sept. 1 as the date when the Ukrainians were explicitly told the aid was tied to Ukraine investigating the Bidens.
One day after Ambassador William Taylor testified before a House impeachment inquiry that Donald Trump and members of his administration had explicitly confirmed that they were withholding U.S. military aid to Ukraine until the Ukrainian president publicly announced an investigation of Trump's potential election opponent, over two dozen House Republicans pushed their way into the House's sensitive compartmented information facility, or SCIF, in an effort to disrupt the testimony of the next witness, Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense Laura Cooper. Cooper's testimony is expected to center on the illegality of Trump's move to block the Congress-appropriated military aid, regardless of what he was seeking in return.
The ramifications, even aside from the "white riot" implications of House Republicans violating national security protocols to disrupt House efforts to investigate criminal activity by the party's leader, are severe. Mieke Eoyang of the think tank Third Way explained the repercussions of unauthorized access to the SCIF and of House Republicans bringing their own electronic devices into the space rather than checking them with security personnel. To protect against the very real possibility of malware on any of those devices, the facility must now be closed and resecured in a long, nontrivial process.
House Republicans nonetheless are showing contempt for those national security concerns. Rep. Matt Gaetz, Rep. Mark Walker, and Rep. Andy Biggs tweeted from inside the facility. Gaetz and Walker later claimed those tweets were posted by staff—even if that were so, it would demonstrate that those members were communicating with staff outside the SCIF while inside, itself a violation.
House Republican claims that Democrats are conducting a "secret" impeachment are simply false. The initial step of secure testimony from witnesses is being done in a secure facility because in many cases it includes information about diplomatic exchanges and other potentially classified communications; Republican members of each of the three committees focused on the inquiry have been present throughout. The next steps, including further public testimony, debate on the articles of impeachment, if any, and an actual impeachment trial held in the Republican-led Senate, are all public.
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has a number of available options for discipling those that violated national security procedures, from formal censure to the leveling of fines. The severity of the breach makes discipline likely.
The office of House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy was reportedly told in advance that members would be storming the secure space and approved the action. It is therefore possible that McCarthy may himself be included in any House-approved disciplinary actions.
More reactions as events continue to unfold:
Bloomberg now reports that Trump himself knew of and supported the House Republican plan to storm the secure rooms.
Donald Trump appeared in the Diplomatic Room at the White House Wednesday morning to declare that Turkey’s invasion of Syria and displacement of the Kurds from their historic homeland were somehow a “very, very special” outcome that represents a “major breakthrough toward achieving a better future for Syria and the Middle East.” That outcome was the permanent surrender of Kurdish territory to Turkish control, and the end of all the threatened, but never implemented, sanctions against Turkey.
A day after news cameras recorded Kurdish townspeople throwing rocks and rotting vegetables at retreating U.S. forces, and Trump’s own envoy admitted that at least 100 ISIS prisoners had escaped, Trump declared that the United States had done the Kurds “a great service” for which Kurdish leadership was very grateful. Trump continually painted the U.S. “achievement” in Syria as one that had “saved the lives of many, many Kurds” by achieving a cease-fire and making it permanent. Unmentioned in Trump’s remarks was that this “peace” was achieved by the United States surrendering for the Kurds and giving away their territory. Trump also mentioned that “others” were now involved in patrolling the Syrian border. He never mentioned that one “other” was Russia, or that Vladimir Putin had made a deal with Turkish leader Recep Erdoğan over how to divide up the Kurdish homeland.
Trump’s declaration of a cease-fire was actually America standing behind an ultimatum delivered to the Kurds to abandon their homes, or else. And what Trump is now calling a permanent cease-fire is America signing on to a declaration of surrender on behalf of the Kurds. And in a final bit of 1984-worthy wordcraft, Trump announced that there would now be a “safe zone” along the Syrian border—by which he means an exclusion zone in which Kurds are not allowed.
In this distorted speech, Trump announced, “This was an outcome created by us, the United States, no other nations, very simple … this is something we’ve been trying to do for many, many decades.” But at the same time, Trump also bragged on how this outcome was achieved without the spilling of “one drop” of American blood. The fighting was not America’s. But the betrayal … that definitely was.Read More
Disgraced former Department of Homeland Security Sec. Kirstjen Nielsen expressed not a single shred of remorse for her central role in the state-sanctioned kidnapping of thousands of children at the southern border, saying during a widely condemned, lie-riddled appearance at Fortune magazine’s Most Powerful Women Summit in Washington, D.C., on Tuesday that “I don’t regret enforcing the law.”
Nielsen in fact trotted out a greatest hits of the administration’s trademark lies about its family separation policy rather than addressing the ongoing trauma she helped inflict on kids, again falsely claiming the previous administration engaged in this same sort of child abuse, falsely claiming that only “a few” kids under age five were stolen, and falsely suggesting, in just one more lie highlight, that asylum-seekers coming through an official U.S. port of entry weren’t affected by the policy.
The facts: this was a policy signed off by Nielsen that allowed “the separation of parents or legal guardians and minors”; over 100 children under age five—including nine infants—were stolen from their families; and asylum-seekers coming through a U.S. port of entry were also torn apart. In fact, the landmark lawsuit that later forced the reunification of separated families, Ms. L v. ICE, concerned a Congolese family separated after crossing through one before the policy Nielsen claimed didn’t exist was officially implemented.
In one more jab to the suffering of these families, Nielsen commented that “It’s heartbreaking that any family felt at any time that they had to cross the border illegally because it is a terrible, dangerous journey.” Blaming families is nothing new for her, however: when seven-year-old Jakelin Ameí Rosmery Caal Maquin died in agony while in Customs and Border Protection custody nearly a year ago last December, Nielsen went onto state television to blame the child’s dad, saying “This is just a very sad example of the dangers of this journey.”
Cries from advocates for Fortune organizers were loud, yet they refused to drop Nielsen from the event even as the administration admitted last week it stole an additional 1,250 children from their families before the policy was officially implemented, and because the American Civil Liberties Union believes that number could actually be closer to 2,000, the total number of kids stolen at the southern border by the administration could eventually total 5,000.
That’s 5,000 stolen children, yet Fortune decided to give a platform to this criminal and sad excuse for a human being, and at an event celebrating powerful women, no less. There should be no rehabilitation for those who carried out human rights abuses and then lied to our faces about it, and anyone or any entity participating in these makeovers, like Fortune, should be ashamed, called out, and reminded of it constantly. The only invitation that should ever be extended to Nielsen and her like is to The Hague.