Connect with developers, IT pros, and tech enthusiasts.
Hi,
A notification just started showing up in my AdSense that says: **Earnings at risk - You need to fix some ads.txt file issues to avoid severe impact to your …
Living in California, I periodically need to log into my computer that's back in my home in New York. Not that often, typically just a couple times a year.
But …
My boyfriend got me an Oculus Quest as an early birthday gift, and while I love it, he loves it wayyyyy more. Does anyone have any game recommendations? Unfortunately, the …
What are your favorite hobbies on the computer outside of work and DaniWeb, of course? Personally, I'm a Quora addict.
Any dog parents out there? My sheltie just turned 6 months. She's suuuuuch a smart breed that I literally need to keep her mind occupied every moment throughout the day …
To AMP or not to AMP, that is the question.
For those who have decided to implement AMP (Wordpress users, I'm looking at you!), have you noticed a difference since …
hi, i have installed XAMPP, but i would like to run my localhost from another computer..
A long standing complaint with the standard progress bar control is that there is no easy way to display text. In spite of numerous requests, Microsoft has not included this …
I have used the breadcrumblist mentioned by the schema.org for my [website](www.xenex-media.com.au)
<script type="application/ld+json">
{
"@context": "https://schema.org/",
"@type": "BreadcrumbList",
"itemListElement": [{
"@type": "ListItem",
"position": 1,
"name": "Home",
"item": "https://xenex-media.com.au/"
},{ …
All Time Show Null value
Please help me what is the wrong in my code
declare @mxdbvlu int
declare @dbvlunm int
set @mxdbvlu= (select max(Database_name) from TBL_FY_SELECT_1)
if @mxdbvlu = …
I am working on a project for drag and drop items in a shopping cart. For an item dropped into the cart, I am trying to implement jQuery $.ajax. The …
Have two CSV files containing client records and need to compare the two and then output to a third file those rows where there are differences to the values within …
Hi guys, as part of an exercise I was involved with, I had to use the factory pattern to create a series of different objects, however I'd like to keep …
When posting code, I get error
begin a line with 4 spaces in a row (or one tab), preceded by a blank line. 4+ spaces or tabs may not …
Can you describe your actions in details?
Last week a group of six 'm-commerce' experts took part in a round robin discussion in Manchester, England to determine the best ways forward for developers interested in creating a …
Good point. Very helpful content, I like it.
When I leave a comment (vote with comment ) under someone post , it will increase 2 points for vote up and 0 point for vote down. After I leave …
why, on windows 10, some touchpad drivers(even updated by windows) don't activate the vertical\horizontal scrool move.... i have them activated, but don't work.... when i use the finger, instead scrool, …
This simple isprime(number) function checks if the given integer number is a prime number and returns True or False. The function makes sure that the number is a positive integer, …
This is the code behind the demo at https://www.daniweb.com/connect/oauth/demo
Intro
Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) plots are useful for visualizing a predictive model’s effectiveness. This tutorial explains how to code ROC plots in Python from scratch.
Data …
Google's seemingly always changing indexing algorithm continues to hit site rankings as the search giant continues to drive a new generation of SEO relying upon original and relevant content generation …
Hey there forum lurkers - all you people who are browsing the site but still haven't taken a minute to sign up. I just thought it would be a nice …
A survey of attendees at Infosecurity Europe earlier this month showed 70 percent in favour of the dictionary definition (in this case the Cambridge Dictionary) of a hacker being amended. …
I know that SEO is continuous, but after a couple of years of SEO, let's say 5 years of link building. Do I need to continue doing SEO, or will …
I am a web developer and I have built many websites. And over the years my designs is getting better but now I can't seem to figure out how to …
I'm using a fairly standard MSI mobo with Intel Core i5-6400 processor and 64 GB RAM.
So: Which programming language (besides assembly) is the most effective to use in this …
Last month, Facebook admitted to storing million of Facebook passwords in plaintext.
The Verge Apr 18, 2019
We see students being taught login systems here and a recurring mistake …