The Trader Exchange
The online broker that enables sophisticated traders to trade the market and investors to back them
-
£500k
deposit coverage
-
from 0.0
pips interbank spread
-
$2.3 M
performance fees paid
-
€5 M
monthly allocation
-
+300
available assets (DMA)
Broker Quality and Execution
Interbank Liquidity
We aim to always deliver the lowest spreads and execution latency at all times, sourcing prices directly from interbank liquidity via our Prime Brokers SaxoBank and LMAX.
The better you trade, the less you pay
Alongside ultra-fast execution and interbank spreads from as low as 0.0 pips, traders at Darwinex can benefit from talent-linked pricing from 3.0 USD per lot round-trip.
Free Tick Data
We offer over 300 tradeable instruments including FX, Stocks, Commodities, Indices and Cryptocurrencies delivered with institutional-grade pricing, together with free historical tick data.
FCA (UK) Regulated
Darwinex clients benefit from free supplementary insurance that covers FSCS-eligible clients for up to a total of £500,000 versus the standard protection of just £85,000.
Trade on:
Value Proposition
Darwinex is the online broker that enables sophisticated traders to trade the market and investors to back them. We aim to deliver the best possible execution conditions and provide access to over 300 financial assets, as well as legal coverage to tap investor capital and charge a 20% performance fee on investor profits. All this under our asset management licence, protecting traders' intellectual property and anonymity.
We adhere to strict regulatory standards and always ensure that we have zero conflicts of interest with our clients. Darwinex (Tradeslide Trading Tech Limited) is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), UK, firm reference: 586466.
We are trusted by:
Tap Investor Capital
Thousands of trading strategies are listed at Darwinex. Our algorithmic risk manager standardises risk across all listed strategies to deliver investors a fixed target monthly VaR of 10%. This transforms strategies into investable assets - called "DARWINS" - that are comparable on an apples-to-apples basis and demonstrate a risk profile equivalent to that of an average mid-cap stock.
A DARWIN is an investment product uncorrelated to other financial assets because traders trade both long and short interchangeably. This adds a differential value for investors who pay traders 20% of their profits in exchange of investing in their DARWINs.
In addition to being offered to investors as an investment product, DARWINs also participate in DarwinIA, a monthly trading challenge allocating up to €5,000,000 to the best traders every month.
Darwin API
Just as with other financial assets, DARWIN quotes offer information that, analysed individually or together with information from other DARWINs, represent datasets that can be exploited for profit - both by the trader and by potential investors.
We firmly believe in the value of the information in our community dataset. For this reason, we offer access to both the data themselves and to an execution API so that data-savvy community members can tap into this information.
The Darwinex Community Forum is home to traders and investors who share their market and DARWIN data analyses on a daily basis.
What our customers say about us
What the press says about us
TicBeat "Darwinex offers traders three main benefits"
In contrast to other existing initiatives, Darwinex offers three main benefits to traders: a legal solution to access third-party capital under their regulatory umbrella, protection of intellectual property preventing traders' strategies from being compromised, and visibility and credibility before investors through a track record verified by a third, independent party based on meritocratic criteria.Read More