S&P 500 Companies
S&P 500 Companies with Financial InformationView
We help organizations of all sizes to design, develop and scale
solutions to manage their data and unleash its potential.
Let us help you!
Get in touch now »
Datahub provides important, commonly-used data as high quality, easy-to-use and open data packages.View Collections ›
Securely share and elegantly put data online with quality checks, versioning, data APIs, notifications & integrations.Start Publishing ›
S&P 500 Companies with Financial InformationView
List of all the major cities in the worldView
CO2 PPM - Trends in Atmospheric Carbon Dioxide
co2-ppm | files 7 | 300kB
List of all countries with their 2 digit codes (ISO 3166-1)
country-list | files 2 | 27kB
ISO Language Codes (639-1 and 693-2) and IETF Language TypesView
Data are included from the GISS Surface TemperatureView
All communication and requests are kept completly confidential.
Affordable pricing with an easy to pay interface for your data requests.
Outsource your data search to our data experts.
Our Team of experts provide the top quality data for the best price.
No Starting Cost
Datahub Provides free plan to start publishing data without paying any upfront cost.
Power and simplicity - data is the fastest way for individuals, teams and organizations to publish, deploy and share structured data.
Completely open source with professional maintenance and support.
End-to-end solution with all parts are fully integrated.
Not just tools but a standardized approach and pattern for working with your data.
We have partnered with clients ranging from major companies to international organiztaions, non-profits and startups.
We have decades of experience building data systems for clients large and small. Our team of talented developers and managers can help you to design, build or enhance your data project.Hire Team Datahub
Automate data collection, integration and presentation
Scrape, clean and normalize data
Build dashboards and visualizations
Scrape, clean and normalize data
Build data portals and platforms whether bespoke or using products like CKAN (our CEO designed and built CKAN)