Latest Posts
Plant Basil as an Entrepreneurship Practice: How planting help you learn...
Growth is one of the internal rewards of any entrepreneur. When you see the growth, both quantitative and qualitative growth, you experience the joy...
The Future of Banks and Fintech Startups
The concept of banks hasn’t changed much, but as technology evolves, old concepts get updated. Don’t believe me? Take a look at the state...
Would You Have Invested? 7 Lessons In How Venture Capitalists Decide
Hindsight is 20/20 -- once a company has succeeded its success almost seems pre-ordained. But when it is just starting that is hardly the...
Why Using Marketing Software Tools Is Crucial for Success
If you’re an entrepreneur, you know very well that a successful business has a number of different segments. A very important segment that brings...
Time for ‘The Talk’
Resolving finances after death “is a difficult topic to discuss, but it's an incredibly important one to be informed about,” said Leslie H. Tayne. She...
How I Invested One Year in Becoming a Profitable Forex trader...
Investing and trading always interested me. Back in 08, I turned 18 and the financial markets crashed. I felt like it was a good...
Medical Societies and their Flop of a Century-Old Quest
We are living the paradox of a concept meant to create societies, licensing authorities and associations. The forms of organizational unions which were developed...
Secret of Capitalism’s Success, from Data Science’s Perspective
Data scientists perceive the world as data-processing systems, and this view is being increasingly adopted in economics and politics: after all, we think of...
Why Crypto Exchanges Should Stay True to Their Retail Roots
High-frequency trading (HFT) is prevalent in the stock market, and with volatility being suppressed by years of rising markets, it’s natural for those firms...
12 Simple Rules to Start Investing in Stocks
How to invest and not lose a shirt doing it? The thing is people who never invested money are afraid to do so. It...
Market, Economy and Cycles, Part 1
In this sharing, we look to better understand the essence of a free-market economy from a more fundamental viewpoint of the market interactions. We...
Not All Protection is Bad
One thing that we overlook in the dialogue around the trade war narrative that has become a partisan issue is that not all protection...
Controlling the Narrative
There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so. - William Shakespeare We often hear a form of nonsense, enough that we...
Would You be Your Own Fan?
Building a fan base starts from a niche and expands through connections, engagements and sharing. It takes work and dedication. Few people know that better...
Digital Bytes Blockchain Round up – Week ending 12th October 2019
I deeply believe that money must remain in the hands of states. I am not comfortable with the idea that a private group creates...
Digital Freight: The Race to Automate Truck Brokerage
In the race to digitize the truck brokerage market, will the winner be an incumbent or a challenger? The upside is enormous. Trucking is a...
Is Self-Care Medical Care?
Health is personal- It’s by far the most sacred lifetime asset of a person’s despite knowing it will come into an end, yet thrives...
6 Conspiracy Theories Trump Peddled About Political Opponents Show What to...
The only way Trump can win is to make voters believe that his opponents are as bad as he is. Trump has repeatedly been...