Start from a template and visualize your performance in minutes
All templates are created by certified experts, so you can leverage their knowledge to build comprehensive reports quickly.
Tired of logging into multiple tools to see how your company is performing? View all of your performance data in one place so you can spend less time checking data and creating reports and more time acting on insights. Mix and match metrics from different sources in one Databoard and get a more complete view of your performance at a glance.
With our DIY Dashboard Designer, anyone can pull the metrics they need, visualize KPIs in a variety of ways, and build beautiful dashboards - no code or design skills necessary.
"Our entire team looks at Databox all day. Seeing our goals and how we're tracking towards them really helps everyone stay aligned, make adjustments as needed, and work better together."- Andy Cook, Co-founder & CEO at Tettra
Set goals for specific metrics from any of our 70+ integrations or any other data you integrate into Databox. Track them all on one screen or visualize your progress toward them on any Databoard. Keep everyone focused on the metrics that matter most.
Don't wait until the end of the month or quarter to know how your performance is trending. With Alerts, get notified when performance is off. With Insights, see a stream of your team's achievements and receive recommendations for improving your performance.
With Data Calculations, you can combine data from any source and easily calculate new metrics, conversion rates, ROI and much more - all without coding or spreadsheets.
Scorecards send you updates on your most important KPIs through email, mobile push notifications, and/or Slack every day, week, or month.
Databox is built to make performance insights more accessible for every company. We also have features and programs designed to help agencies deliver more predictable preformance for every client. Learn more about how Databox can help your business.
All templates are created by certified experts, so you can leverage their knowledge to build comprehensive reports quickly.
“No doubt, Best Mobile Business Analytics solution on the market”
“Dashboard that I was looking for years!!!”
“End to my search for a mobile first analytics platform”
“It's my first to open app every morning.”More reviews
Text