Get an awesome score on your DAT
Use DAT Bootcamp's high-yield practice tests, lecture videos, and study strategy to get an awesome DAT score
- 60+ Exam-Like Practice Tests
- 700+ HD Strategy Videos
- 4670+ High-Yield Questions
Simulate the actual DAT with our exam-like tests
No software needed. Get a realistic DAT testing experience entirely through your internet browser.
"DAT Bootcamp had, hands down, the most representative DAT practice tests around. Look at the increase in my scores."
Practice over 4670+ high-yield DAT questions
All the practice you need to master every DAT subject. Complete with detailed solutions and performance tracking.
And I’m always here to help
Learn more about me, Ari, creator of DAT Bootcamp
While I was preparing for the DAT, I felt that a lot of the DAT prep material wasn’t up to par. The DAT market is too small for big prep companies to care about, so they recycle their MCAT material and slap a "DAT" label on it. I had to use several different products – practically one for each section on the test – and it still was not an accurate representation of the real exam. As a result, I had to work a lot harder to score high on the DAT.
DAT Bootcamp is designed to bring together the tools you need to succeed on the DAT for an affordable price. I’m always here to answer any questions you may have!
Latest DAT strategy
Recent posts from our blog covering exam strategyFeatured Student of October
Meet Kyle, a happy DAT Bootcamp customer who recently conquered the DAT. I’ve asked Kyle to share his DAT experience with us as the featured student of October. What is one piece of advice you would give to another student preparing to take the DAT? One piece of advice I would give to another student Read More
Meet Camila, a happy DAT Bootcamp customer who recently conquered the DAT. I’ve asked Camila to share her DAT experience with us as the featured student of September. As a student working full-time, what were some challenges you faced preparing for the DAT, and how did you overcome them? It was definitely challenging to stay Read More
Meet Katie, a happy DAT Bootcamp customer who recently conquered the DAT. I’ve asked Katie to share her DAT experience with us as the featured student of August. What did you change while studying for the DAT a second time that led to an improvement in your score? My first time around I only took Read More