We are Daxx
20
Years on the market
300+
clients
5
offices
185K
tech specialists in our database
Daxx is a Netherlands-based company, which started as a software development and technology consulting company nearly 20 years ago. In 2009 we transformed to being an empowering partner for our clients, where we are able to provide tech talent and development teams by using our experience in remote software development. Nowadays we share this experience with our 400+ experts on board.
We build dedicated teams for international clients which help them fill their technological and expertise gaps. Apart from building extended development teams, we now also offer value-added services which cover quality control, security testing, and process consulting.
Services
Dedicated Software Development Team in Ukraine
Build your remote development team and work with your developers directly using the tools and methods you know and love.
Process Consulting
Structure the product development processes efficiently to ensure they are all directed at business goals implementation. Our experts will guide you based on your starting point.
IT Relocation
Fill hard-to-staff tech positions via relocating Ukrainian talent to your local office in the Netherlands, Germany, Austria. Daxx will handle all organizational work and ensure you have newcomers in 4-7 weeks.
Software Security Testing
Protect your sensitive data, eliminate security flaws, save remediation costs with Daxx Software Security Testing services.
Expertise
Daxx provides tech specialists in most web, mobile, and desktop technologies, UI/UX designers, QA/QC engineers, security specialists, business analysts. Give us the details of the skillset or team setup you are looking for, and we will answer how we can help you. If we can supply the skillset, then it is no matter how many developers or what level of developer experience you need — we will help you find either one engineer for your existing team or build a whole cross functional team.