District Site Search
Follow Us
Lindbergh named national Blue Ribbon School
Parent Connect
Check your child’s grades, attendance, cafeteria accounts and more.
Student Connect
Check your grades, attendance and more.
Administration Location
18700 Audette
Dearborn, MI 48124
Phone 313-827-3000
Administration Hours
M-F: 8am – 4:30pm
Weekends: Closed
Academics | School Websites | Find a Service | Read by Third Grade Law
We offer many services, classes, and benefits for the Dearborn community. Our Adult and Community Education Department has a history of providing outstanding learning opportunities for residents. From learning digital photography to swimming, we have a class for you! We can also help you earn your GED or learn English and prepare for the citizenship test, along with many other exciting classes. Check out all that we offer.
Community Classes | Adult & Community Ed. Services | Facility Rental Information
Welcome to your new hometown schools! We are glad you are here and want to welcome you to our district. As a new parent you probably have a few questions. We want to direct you to the proper people to make sure you can enroll your child and be a part of our learning community.
I need to enroll my child.
Contact Student Services: 313-827-3005. You may also want to view the enrollment information here. You will also find the School Attendance Area information, Free Lunch, and they can help identify what schools your child will attend.
My child has special needs.
Contact our Special Education Department at 313-827-7050. You can also contact the Special Education Administrative Team on their website.
My child needs to take medicine or has special health needs.
Be sure to let our school nurses know. You can reach them by contacting one of three traveling nurses on their website. Information is also available on Immunizations and medications.
My child needs language support.
Since 1976 the Dearborn Public Schools has established language support programs for students. Our English Learners department can help your child thrive in our schools. Contact us at 313-827-8054 or visit the English learners page to learn more.
School Websites | Contact Us | Learn more about our Academics
Upcoming Events
Our Story
The Dearborn Public School District is rich in history. Our schools provide a safe and nurturing environment for your child. We take pride in our beautiful and historic buildings, dedicated staff, and our diverse community.
Students First – Inspire, Educate, Celebrate
Students
Instructors
School Buildings
%
Committed to Student Success
Our Mission & Vision
Our Mission
Dearborn Public Schools will provide an exceptional learning environment that empowers every student to succeed in life today and in the future.
Our Vision
Students First – Inspire, Educate, Celebrate
Language Assistance Videos: English | Arabic | Spanish | French | Urdu
Language and Translation Assistance Website