About Delfont Mackintosh Theatres
Delfont Mackintosh Theatres is owned by Sir Cameron Mackintosh and operates eight of the most prestigious theatres in London's West End. Prince Edward and Prince of Wales, Novello, Gielgud, Sondheim (formerly Queen's), Noël Coward and Wyndham's have all had major refurbishments in the last few years, combining beautiful restoration with twenty first century comfort. We have also recently welcomed Victoria Palace to the Delfont Mackintosh Theatres group.
Find out more about us, our theatres and our history using the link below.
Access at Delfont Mackintosh Theatres
Delfont Mackintosh Theatres are keen to ensure any customers who have specific requirements due to health conditions or a disability have an enjoyable visit to all of our venues. We have access prices available for most productions and dedicated staff on hand at all theatres to make your visit as comfortable as possible.
To discuss your visit to any of our theatres and to check availability please call 0344 482 5137 or email access@delfontmackintosh.co.uk.
For further details and specific access information for our theatres and shows, please use the link below.
Our Theatres
Delfont Mackintosh Theatres operates eight theatres across London's West End; Gielgud, Noël Coward, Novello, Prince Edward, Prince of Wales, Sondheim (formerly Queen's), Victoria Palace and Wyndham's.
Find out more about our theatres using the link below.
Discover More Theatre with DMT+
DMT+ membership benefits include no online booking fees across all of our shows, free ticket exchange service and early access to tickets across Delfont Mackintosh Theatres. You'll also receive complimentary drinks and programme vouchers when you first sign up.
Find out more about how you can Discover More Theatre with a DMT+ membership, using the link below.
Special Occassions and Hospitality
To add some extra sparkle to your evening, why not upgrade to one of our Champagne or VIP Packages?
Whether you are celebrating a special occasion, anniversary or you just want a little extra treat then we have the right package for you. Our packages can include Champagne, Programmes, Canapés and your own member of our Front of House Staff to look after you, or we can tailor something to your own personal requirements.
Find out more about special occasions with Delfont Mackintosh Theatres using the link below.
Groups & Education
Our specialist Groups Sales and Education departments deliver the ultimate booking service for group organisers wishing to purchase group tickets for any of our shows or theatres, plus many other West End productions.
For further information and to see our discounted rates for Group and Education bookings, please use the link below.