Whether you are on a diet or just looking for simple and easy dips to make, this article will give you some useful ideas on how to make some healthy dips for your appetizers.
Shortbread is a buttery and delicious biscuit or cookie that is a traditional Christmas treat. It's an enjoyable snack at any time and is associated with some interesting traditions.
Here's a roundup of the perfect fall-inspired appetizers to make this weekend. All the recipes are vegan/vegetarian and are ideal for the cold-weather season.
A guide to some of the most reasonably priced local restaurants and bars around Porto, based on our experiences whilst visiting the area.
Next week is the 90th anniversary of the start of the Great Depression of 1929-39, an economic crisis that began in the U.S. and then rapidly spread across the globe. This article looks at how households adapted to depleted food resources and how we can update those dishes for the 21st century.
In this recipe, I blend two roots (or rhizomes, to be precise) into a simple, delicious anti-inflammatory tonic that I use to alleviate my joint pain.
This fresh and fruity vegan recipe makes a great breakfast or light lunch. You can also replace the bread with bruschetta to create canapes for a party.
Cantaloupes are delicious and nutritious fruits. It’s very important to wash a cantaloupe before cutting it to prevent bacterial contamination of the inner flesh.
Listeria is a bacterium that can live in animals and humans, survive in soil and water, and contaminate plants. It can cause listeriosis, which is sometimes serious.
Nippattu are deep-fried spicy rice crackers. They are a popular South Indian snack, generally prepared during festivals. They also make an awesome evening snack.
Getting that barista-style coffee is simpler than you think. Learn some essential tips to self-brew the best coffee you have ever tasted!
Sweet potato and green gram stir-fry can be served as breakfast, teatime snack, or as a side dish with a rice-sambar combo. This recipe is delicious, healthy, and doesn't require too much time.
Delicious bananas, berries, and ice are blended together to make this delicious breakfast smoothie, which can be enjoyed any time of the day.
Textured vegetable protein is a processed product that has a high protein content and is usually made from soybeans. It's a useful food for vegans but is controversial.