Trending Now
BREAKING: Homeland Security Committee Chairman Pens Letter to Sergeant-at-Arms asking for action 167 recs : By scheming daemons
Al Gore With Important Reminder 85 recs : By kpete
AOC makes Zuckerberg look like the total dipshit you think he is... 61 recs : By tenderfoot
I'm sticking with my prediction. There will be no trial, the Republicans will force Trump to resign. 50 recs : By shockey80
TreyGhazi's remarks after kicking Darrell Issa out of a Benghazi deposition: 43 recs : By Miles Archer
Greatest Threads
I lost my cool at lunch yesterday 296 recs : By UpInArms
Matt Gaetz's stunt backfired 269 recs : By StarfishSaver
Bill Taylor risked his career to defy Pompeo and testify today.... Let's give him his props! 210 recs : By scheming daemons
BREAKING: Homeland Security Committee Chairman Pens Letter to Sergeant-at-Arms asking for action 167 recs : By scheming daemons
The more I review the Taylor statement, the more punched in the gut I feel. 153 recs : By kpete
The Left Column
Donald Trump is not fit to be President.
It doesn't matter if he has committed a crime or not. He is simply unfit.
The argument that we cannot overturn the will of the people is nonsense. He was not elected by the will of the people. He lost the popular vote by almost 3 million votes....
It is well to remember that Ukraine is literally the battleground
And has been for a decade now. Ukraine is where liberal democracy and autocracy are clashing. All of Russia's attacks on the larger West were tested there, and the Western response to his invasion was what started him lashing out at us.
Ambassador Taylor's opening statement is on point here: US actions in the Ukraine are going to have wide-ranging consequences. If Trump does not fall over this then nobody will ever stand up to Putin again.
Let me set you straight, Dotard
Here’s the facts.
If a Democrat became president and gave classified information to our Russian enemies, praised Putin and sided with him over our own intelligence agencies, met with Russians and lied about it, put his own political interests above the interests of our country, funnelled taxpayer dollars into his own pocket, appointed corrupt cronies to cabinet posts, sent his vacuous kids to represent us on the world stage, referred to white supremacists as ‘very fine people’, labelled immigrants of colour as disease-carrying rapists and drug dealers, kidnapped immigrant children and locked them in cages, declared himself a ‘pussy-grabber’, held rallies at which he encouraged violence, tweeted vitriol on a daily basis, lied to the American people over 13,000 times in less than three years, was credibly accused of sexual molestation by two dozen women, abandoned our Kurdish allies and left them to be slaughtered, and tried to extort damaging information on a political opponent from world leaders in exchange for much-needed financial aid already approved by congress, there would be no need for impeachment – because Democrats would show up at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue with torches and pitchforks, and would drag him out of the White House themselves....
When the Republicans turn on Trump, it will happen all at once
Republicans, being the authoritarian-minded creatures that they are, are like a pack of hyenas. They will stick together behind the "Alpha" as long as they perceive the Alpha to be strong.
But as soon as the Alpha is visibly wounded and weak, they will destroy them in order to take the mantle....
This is Totally Not Mitt Romney's Secret Blog, WINK WINK
Hey there Shower Captives, apologies for missing our longstanding Monday night date; sometimes even bathrobed superheroes need a mental health day, and anyway, I knew the Screeching Madness Void would be right there waiting for me when I came back, it’s not like shit’s getting any less cray out there. Let's do this.
Probably the first time you ever heard of Republican Congressthing Francis Rooney was last week when he said he could kinda maybe sorta support impeachment, and the second time was one short day later, when he announced his retirement. “My first halting steps towards basic human decency and belief in the rule of law obviously render me entirely incompatible with my political party, which now serves solely as a shield for an organized crime ring,” Rooney proclaimed, before spinning, counterclockwise, three times, chanting “I am anathema”, spitting on a copy of one of Bill O’Reilly’s novels, and accepting the ritual Excommunication Wedgie from Kevin McCarthy....
Trump was not trying to dig up dirt on Biden.
He wanted to create dirt out of thin air.
All he really needed was for the president of Ukraine to make a public statement (it had to be in public) that he had opened an investigation into Joe Biden....
Information warfare is being waged upon us by enemies of democracy both foreign and domestic.
They will use everything against us in this election.
They’ll sow division and discord. They’ll make personal attacks and tell lies and half-truths. They’ll make things up. Make us more suspicious and frustrated and angry and upset and paranoid. They’ll even make us feel like we’re losing touch with reality....
Great guy, busts his ass all his life, looking to retire at 65, and then gets kicked out of his shop
Our local mechanic, a Greek immigrant (fluent in German), has been here for most of his life, has been in the same location for as long as we can remember, must be at least 25 years. He is always there, always goes the extra mile, never overcharges, will store your winter tires in the summer, summer tires in the winter, will bring your car to your house if you need it and get an employee to drive him back to the shop.
He is 60, was looking to retire at 65. He used to own the adjacent gas station, but it all got to be too much work. So he sold the whole thing to the gas station people and rented out the space he had always used for his mechanic's auto repair shop and his office....
Stephen Miller chooses Trump's words very carefully to let Trump's racist base know
he hasn't abandoned them and that racism is still the foundation his Presidency is built upon.
Unfortunately what Trump said is true ... he can walk down 5th Ave and shoot someone and not lose even a single supporter as long as the person he shot has dark skin.
Trump's use of the word lynching was not spontaneous, it was carefully planned.
Cool
They Taught Rats How To Drive Automobile Enthusiasts : By JohnnyRingo
Mom made a device to help her son have fun The DU Lounge : By Lotusflower70
Divers help tiny coconut octopus trade his plastic cup for a the perfect protective shell The DU Lounge : By IcyPeas
Am I the sea - Whale pixs The DU Lounge : By packman
October at the Beach Photography : By mnhtnbb
Around DU
Editorials & Other Articles
- Republican defense of Trump grows more frantic and disjointed as Ukraine scandal escalates
- As some Houstonians pay $1K for WS seat, homeless residents earn $5 an hour to park their cars
- Trump's lawyers claim the president is an elected king
- 'Pottymouth': Trump presides over a coarsening of American politics
- Trump's Remarks on the Situation in Northern Syria
- Republicans Disrupt House Impeachment Inquiry, Delaying Testimony From Pentagon Aide
- Here's the quid pro quo proof, Lindsey Graham
- Pence's Remarks at the Heritage Foundation Honors Gala. Issued on: October 23, 2019
- Trump administration let nearly $11 million in student aid go to unaccredited for-profit colleges
- Four Airline Attendants Arrested in Laundering Charges. (bringing in illegal money)
General Discussion
- My, how things have changed since the Benghazi investigation. Page 360 of the report:
- If Trump is going to burn anything to the ground, it will be the Republicans in congress.
- Will the republican stunt delay hearings for bug sweeping?
- Budowsky: Trump presidency in mortal peril
- History question 100 years from now. When did the GOP say "OK that's it, the gloves are off!
- When The Only Defense Left is The President Is Above The Law...
- Trump official dodges Obamacare questions at tense hearing
- Sondland seeks to align himself with Taylor after bombshell testimony
- Zuckerberg Confronts the Reality of Libra's Demise
- What if
Topics
- Sports: Major league umpire Rob Drake tweeted "I will be buying an AR-15 tomorrow,...
- Campaigns: Is Lindsey Graham Strom Thurmond's Smithers?
- Foreign Affairs: Chileans go on strike as protest death toll hits 18
- Elder-caregivers: Elder mother-in-law refuses to move to assisted living
- Photography: Sunset series at beach
- Music Appreciation: Fun Beatles cover
- Baseball: We love Yeli!
- Economy: STOCK MARKET WATCH - Thursday, 24 October 2019
- O'Rourke 2020: Beto O'Rourke, ripping Trump with an expletive, defends comparison of administration to Nazi Germany
- Cooking & Baking: Roasted Chicken Legs
Places
- Latin America: Chileans go on strike as protest death toll hits 18
- Texas: In 'The Ghosts Of Sugar Land,' Friends Reflect On Muslim Life In Suburban Texas
- New Jersey: Shutdown of nuke plant has a surprising stinging consequence
- Iowa: Kimmy thinks Herr Orange will keep his word about ethanol
- District of Columbia: Stunning rainbow enchants Washington, heralds Nationals' World Series win
- Minnesota: An update on the crackpot GOPer who was going after Ilhan Omar:
- Wyoming: Deal for Wyoming mines called best-case for idled miners
- South Dakota: Needing Something to Do, Bryon Noem Takes Up Blogging on State Dime
- Tennessee: Ex-Tennessee Gov. Bredesen introduces renewable energy firm
- Florida: Care to comment on Gaetz's district main newspaper article on their illegal storming of the scif?
Primaries 2020
Democratic Primaries Forum
- Sevier Co. businesses worried about calls for boycott
- Sanders and Warren Take Aim at Taft-Hartley
- Our nominee with choose a VP early
- Trump campaign scoops up Biden's Latino voter web address, trolls his voter outreach
- Harry Enten: so this is a good poll for her (Warren)
Candidate Groups
- O'Rourke 2020: Beto O'Rourke, ripping Trump with an expletive, defends comparison of administration to Nazi Germany
- Sanders 2020: The corporate media wants you to think our campaign is over. Let me be blunt:
- Yang 2020: A Visual History of the #YangMediaBlackout
- Buttigieg 2020: Pete Buttigieg on workers and unions:
- Klobuchar 2020: Klobuchar climbs in the recent CNN poll
Latest Breaking News
Graham nixes plan to send Pelosi letter warning GOP won't convict Trump
38 min ago - By Jordain Carney - 10/23/19 06:41 PM EDT Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) said on Wednesday that he was dropping a plan to send House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) a letter warning that Republicans wouldn't remove Trump from office over a Ukrain ... (The Hill)
Trump administration sues CA over state climate pact with Quebec
2 hrs ago - Last month, Trump said he is revoking California's power to set vehicle-emissions standards that are tougher than those demanded by federal regulations, portraying the move as a "win for consumers". Environmentalists argue that Trump's rul ... (Aljazeera)
Trump to promote withdrawing U.S. from Paris climate accord: source
3 hrs ago - WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Wednesday is expected to affirm plans to pull the United States out of the Paris climate agreement, a source said, less than two weeks before he can officially start the process. Trump is slated to sp ... (Reuters)
Oklahoma judge blocks new abortion law from taking effect
3 hrs ago - Updated 3:31 pm CDT, Wednesday, October 23, 2019 OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) — An Oklahoma judge is blocking a new law that would allow doctors who perform medication abortions to face felony charges for not informing women about the possibility of reversin ... (Associated Press)
Chad Wolf under consideration for Homeland Security top job
3 hrs ago - Washington (CNN)The White House is considering Chad Wolf to replace the outgoing acting Homeland Security secretary, according to two sources familiar with the process. Wolf, a senior department official, previously served as chief of staff to for ... (CNN)
3:25 p.m.: Cooper testimony begins after five-hour delay
4 hrs ago - 3:25 p.m.: Cooper testimony begins after five-hour delay Cooper's testimony has begun, according to two people with knowledge of the matter. The proceedings had been delayed for more than five hours by a group of House Republicans who stormed into t ... (Washington Post)
Pentagon's Ukraine expert resumes impeachment testimony after Republican protest causes 5-hour delay
4 hrs ago - The planned impeachment testimony from a Pentagon official responsible for Ukraine policy resumed Wednesday afternoon after several of President Trump’s congressional allies staged a demonstration against the probe and barged into a secure facility o ... (Washington Post)
Susan Collins Will Oppose Controversial Judicial Nominee Steven Menashi
4 hrs ago - Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine) said Wednesday that she will vote against President Donald Trump’s controversial court pick Steven Menashi. “I intend to oppose his nomination,” Collins told an activist involved with the progressive groups Demand Justic ... (Huffington Post)
New York City Bar Calls for US AG William Barr's Recusal in Ukraine Matter
4 hrs ago - The New York City Bar Association in a statement Wednesday called on U.S. Attorney General William Barr to stand aside in any ongoing or future review by the Department of Justice of issues stemming from the Trump administration’s dealings with Ukrai ... (New York Law Journal)
Judge orders State Department to release Ukraine records in 30 days
4 hrs ago - Washington (CNN)A federal judge Wednesday gave the State Department 30 days to release Ukraine-related records, including communications between Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and President Donald Trump's personal lawyer, Rudy Giuliani. In response ... (CNN)
'Human scum!' Trump issues threat against Romney and other moderate Republicans as impeachment talk
5 hrs ago - ‘Human scum!’ Trump issues threat against Romney and other moderate Republicans as impeachment talk grows louder Published 1 min ago on October 23, 2019 President Donald Trump issued a threat against wobbly Republican senators as impeachmen ... (raw story)
The House passes a bill that makes animal cruelty a federal felony
5 hrs ago - (CNN)The House has unanimously passed a bill that makes animal cruelty a federal felony. The PACT Act -- which stands for Preventing Animal Cruelty and Torture -- was approved by the House on Tuesday. The bipartisan act, introduced by Florida congr ... (CNN)
Trump Backed GOP Plan to Protest Inquiry: Impeachment Update
5 hrs ago - Trump had advance knowledge and supported a protest by Republicans who told him they planned to barge into a secure hearing room on Capitol Hill where Democrats are holding impeachment testimonies, according to four people familiar with the matter. ... (Bloomberg)
White House Aides Feared That Trump Had Another Ukraine Back Channel
5 hrs ago - Senior national security officials grew concerned about Kash Patel, a colleague who had previously been involved in Republicans’ efforts to undermine the Russia investigation. WASHINGTON — Senior White House officials suspected that a colleague whom ... (New York Times)
Zuckerberg, in Washington to Talk Cryptocurrency, Gets Grilled on Everything
5 hrs ago - WASHINGTON — Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook’s chief executive, returned to the hot seat on Wednesday to defend a cryptocurrency project that has become the latest target of criticism from lawmakers frustrated with the social media giant. He ended up defe ... (New York Times)
Phoenix fires officer who pulled gun on parents over doll 4-year-old took from dollar store
6 hrs ago - The Phoenix police officer who pointed his weapon at a family and threatened to fire after their 4-year-old daughter took a baby doll from a Family Dollar Store has been fired. At a news conference Tuesday, Phoenix police chief Jeri Williams annou ... (Washington Post)
Support for Trump impeachment rises as 59% say he pursued personal interests in Ukraine, poll finds
6 hrs ago - WASHINGTON – Support for the impeachment inquiry into President Donald Trump's dealings in Ukraine continue to grow, as does support for his removal from office, a Quinnipiac University poll released Wednesday found. A 55% majority of registered vo ... (USA Today)
In court hearing, Trump lawyer argues a sitting president would be immune from prosecution
7 hrs ago - NEW YORK CITY -- President Trump's private attorney said Wednesday that the president could not be investigated or prosecuted as long as he is in the White House, even for shooting someone in the middle of Fifth Avenue. The claim of "temporary ... (Washington Post)
House Republicans stormed the hearing room where Pentagon official was testifying
8 hrs ago - As Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense Laura Cooper was sitting down to testify, the roughly couple dozen Republicans stormed through the three different doors, a source in the room said. Rep. Bradley Byrne yelled in committee Chair Adam Schiff's ... (CNN)
Trump lifts Turkey sanctions, calls ceasefire in Syria "permanent"
8 hrs ago - Updated on: October 23, 2019 / 11:58 AM / CBS News President Trump announced Wednesday that the U.S. will lift sanctions on Turkey, as there will be a "permanent" ceasefire in the conflict between Turkey and the Kurds in northern Syria. Th ... (CBS News)
Contradicting Trump, Ukraine Knew of Aid Freeze Before It Became Public
8 hrs ago - KIEV, Ukraine -- To Democrats who say that President Trump's decision to freeze a $391 million military aid package to Ukraine was intended to bully Ukraine's leader into carrying out investigations for Mr. Trump's political benefit, the president an ... (New York Times)
Ginsburg wins Berggruen Prize for 'thinker' whose ideas changed society
9 hrs ago - Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg is the 2019 winner of the Berggruen Prize for Culture and Philosophy, a $1 million award given annually to a “thinker whose ideas are shaping human self-understanding to advance humankind.” The 86-year-old justice will do ... (Washington Post)
Missing West Point cadet found dead, officials say
10 hrs ago - A U.S. Military Academy cadet who vanished last week has been found dead, officials said Wednesday. The body of 20-year-old Kade Kurita was discovered Tuesday night at the West Point military post in New York, where the four-year federal service aca ... (ABC News)
Trump, claiming 'big success' in Syria, to make White House statement
10 hrs ago - President Donald Trump, facing harsh criticism from both Republicans and Democrats for his abrupt decisions on Syria, announced on Twitter Wednesday morning that he will make a statement at the White House at 11 a.m. In his tweet, the president tout ... (ABC News)
Essex (UK) Police: 39 people found dead in lorry container
13 hrs ago - Police were called by the ambulance service shortly before 01:40 BST after the discovery at Waterglade Industrial Park in Eastern Avenue, Grays. The lorry driver, a 25-year-old man from Northern Ireland, has been arrested on suspicion of murder. Es ... (BBC)
Minority contracting program plagued by lax oversight, government watchdog says
18 hrs ago - WASHINGTON — The U.S. Small Business Administration has been plagued by poor oversight of its minority contracting program, improperly allowing ineligible firms to win contracts set aside for disadvantaged business owners, according to testimony fro ... (Los Angeles Times)
Once a point of pride, Trump name reportedly scrubbed from New York ice rinks
18 hrs ago - A report from the Washington Post says the company has not offered a reason for removing the president’s name Mario Koran Tue 22 Oct 2019 22.49 EDTLast modified on Tue 22 Oct 2019 23.54 EDT Donald Trump appears to be getting the cold shoulder from ... (Guardian)
Exxon Mobil Climate Change Lawsuit Kicks Off In New York
18 hrs ago - A trial kicked off on Tuesday to establish whether Exxon Mobil, the country's largest fossil fuel company, lied to investors about the cost of carbon emissions to its business. Exxon, long in environmentalists' crosshairs for trying to cast public d ... (CBS News)
Arpaio Pushes to Erase Conviction Pardoned by Trump
18 hrs ago - The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco will hear arguments Wednesday in former Sheriff Joe Arpaio's bid to erase his now-pardoned contempt of court conviction from his record. By Associated Press, Wire Service Content Oct. 23, ... (Associated Press)
New Mexico issues final ruling against youth migrant shelter
19 hrs ago - THE ASSOCIATED PRESS OCTOBER 22, 2019 09:11 PM, UPDATED 53 MINUTES AGO ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. New Mexico officials have issued their final decision to deny an out-of-state company's request for a migrant children's shelter in Albuquerque. Charlie Moore ... (Associated Press)
Video
DEFYING THE NAZIS: THE SHARPS' WAR Trailer
Colbert Gets A Surprise Visit From Rudy Giuliani
Loony Lindsey Graham FLIPS, Backs Trump in Syria Debacle
Crazed, Desperate Trump Calls Constitution "Phony"
Until the Orange Goon is REMOVED; he may still play with Nuclear Weapons
AI gets taught to play hide-and-seek... and breaks the game.
Stephen Colbert - Guest John Lithgow: Trump Has Turned Our Comics Into Geniuses
Stephen Colbert - Monologue and Opening - 10/22/19
I've been waiting for this moment all my life...
Seth Meyers: Amber Ruffin Addresses Donald Trump's Lynching Comments
Seth Meyers: Trump Will No Longer Host G7 Conference at His Florida Golf Resort - Monologue 10/21/19
The Daily Show: Bill Weld's 2020 Primary Challenge Against Trump
Something not political to wonder about:
Lindsey Graham loses it while defending Trump's lynching tweet