This Artist Turns Picasso’s Portraits Into Fantastic 3D Sculptures
For the Paris Fashion Week Exhibiton 2019, CR Studio was invited to create a backdrop for the brand ‘The Art’s Sake’. Art director Omarqil decided to recreate Picasso’s figurative portraits into 3D sculptures. A stunning series showing one more time that art has no limit. Continue reading »
Nikon Small World 2019: The Best Microscope Photos Of The Year
Nikon has announced the winners of the 2019 Small World Photomicrography Competition, and has once more shared some of the winning and honored images with us. The contest invites photographers and scientists to submit images of all things visible under a microscope. This year, first place was awarded to Teresa Zgoda and Teresa Kugler for their painstakingly prepared photo of a turtle embryo, using fluorescence and stereo microscopy. More than 2,000 entries were received from 100 countries in 2019, the 45th year of the competition.
1st Place: Teresa Zgoda & Teresa Kugler, Campbell Hall, New York, USA. Fluorescent turtle embryo. Stereomicroscopy, Fluorescence, 5x (Objective Lens Magnification). (Photo by Teresa Zgoda/Nikon’s Small World 2019) Continue reading »
Everything Rust On This Poster In 30 Days… Except The Product
Austrian manufacturer Tyrolit showcases the extreme durability and high performance of its product with a mysterious metal billboard. Executed in collaboration with ad agency Heimat Wien Austria, the marketing technique is meant to draw consumer attention to Tyrolit’s Iceline knives. Continue reading »
Running In The Night: The Superb ’80s Cyberpunk Artworks By Daniele Gasparini
Daniele Gasparini is an Italian freelance artist who loves art, graphism and web. He created The Skie Graphic Studio project in Rome in 2007. Graduated in graphic design from a school in Rome, he is currently working as webmaster and graphic designer in Adobe Authorized Training Center (AATC). His influences are large: video games, films, art, books, 90’s and also apocalyptic and retro vibes… Continue reading »
Japanese Artist Takes Away The Innocence From Disney Characters And Puts Them Into Wrong Scenarios
Walt Disney Studios is an integral part of most people’s childhoods, creating memorable characters that have stuck with us for many generations. Disney’s style is heartwarming stories and heroic characters. Continue reading »
Jungbauernkalender 2020: A New Bavarian Calendar For Young Farmers Has Arrived
The new Jungbauernkalender 2020 is out and can be ordered now. This time 12 young men and 12 women come from Upper Bavaria, Lower Bavaria, Upper Franconia, Swabia and Upper Palatinate. Six girls come from Austria. The calendar is a joint project of the Bavarian Young Farmers Association and the Austrian Young Farmers Association. Continue reading »
This Photographer Made Funny Noises At Animals And Captured Their Funny Expressions
Belinda Richards is a founder of Frog Dog Studios, photographer and master piddle cleaner. 18 years experience working with animals including working as a groomer, animal welfare and emergency services. Continue reading »
11 Stunning Colorized Photos Showing The Street Life Of Victorian London From Over 140 Years Ago
According to Tom Marshall, a professional photo colouriser: “n the mid-1870s, Scottish photographer John Thomson captured the daily toil and struggle of the ‘street folks’ of London, in a series of photos that laid the foundations for modern photojournalism. Working with a radical journalist called Adolphe Smith, Thomson produced a monthly magazine ‘Street Life in London’ from 1876 to 1877.
The photographs Thomson took depict real life in London, showing the poorest of the poor and how they managed to survive, in scenes that could have been written by Charles Dickens. Smith would interview the subjects of the photos, often preserving the unique dialects and expressions of a world now long forgotten, and the photos lent authenticity to his text. Thomson and Smith published their photos and interviews in a book in 1878 from which the following images were taken.
I believe that colourizing images can allow a modern audience to engage better with the subject, especially in an age where we see thousands of images on a news feed every day. Colour brings out hidden details, which are often lost in black and white, and it causes the viewer to pause and look. This is not to say that the original images are not fascinating in their own right, but I believe that the addition of colour helps to enhance the scene and forces the viewer to spend more time looking into it and reading the accompanying caption.”
“There are, undoubtedly, many most honest, hard-working, and in every sense worthy men, who hold licenses from the Watermen’s Company, or from the Thames Conservancy. That these men are rough and but poorly educated is a natural consequence of their calling. Never stationary in anyone place, it is difficult for them to secure education for their children, and regular attendance at school would be impossible unless the child left its parents altogether. Continue reading »
The Last Day For Tomorrow Future: Superb Digital Artworks Of Bryn Jones
Bryn is a digital artist raised in the South West of England. In 1989 he won his first art competition at Pinocchio’s Nursery School. Competitions continue to drive his career, a place in Ballistic Publishing’s Expose collection is one of his most recent wins. Continue reading »
Tanzanian Painter Creates Striking Portraits Of Women
Tanzanian-born artist Sungi Mlengeya’s passion for art sparked at a very young age, at their home in Serengeti where she and her sister would go through the craft pages of their mother’s Woman’s Value magazines looking for something interesting to make. Living inside a national park with electricity only available in the evenings, they would spend all day cutting paper and making crafts in their designated former storage room turned craft room. Continue reading »
Ukrainian Makeup Artist Is Blowing Minds With Her Stunning Lip Art
This makeup artist is blowing minds with her stunning lip art. The incredible designs are 3D and include seashells, seashores, fruit, chocolate, pizza and even animals. The artist, Tutushka from Nikolaev, Ukraine, has been a professional makeup artist for 15 years and started her journey into makeup art by winning a lipstick-art contest. Tutushka has amassed thousands of likes on her pictures and has almost hit 50,000 followers by sharing her creative designs. Continue reading »
Athletic Clothing Company Has Launched A Controversial Ad Campaign Shows Marine Vet With Hogtied ‘Trump’
An athletic clothing brand has launched a controversial campaign that seems to take aim at President Trump; indeed, a billboard ad in Times Square has him hogtied in front of the White House. Continue reading »
Politically Incorrect: This Artist Manipulates Popular Culture References To Satirize Contemporary Society And Politics
Saint Hoax (previously) is a pseudonymous Syrian artist, activist and sociopolitical critique who manipulates popular culture references to satirize contemporary society and politics. Continue reading »
Kathleen Ryan Sculptures Look Like Moldy Fruit But Are Actually Made Of Gemstones
Usually, when fruit goes bad, we simply throw it out without giving it too much though. New York-based artist Kathleen Ryan, however, decided to use moldy fruit as inspiration and created an incredible series of gemstone sculptures titled Bad Fruit. Continue reading »
Photographer Captured Post-Apocalyptic Images Of Abandoned Bangkok Shopping Mall That Hides A Fishy Secret
In most post-apocalyptic films when the camera pans down the abandoned streets of New York or Tokyo, long after people have disappeared and the buildings have fallen into disrepair, we see nature again thriving. Continue reading »
Currently Trending
- Japanese Artist Takes Away The Innocence From Disney Characters And Puts Them Into Wrong Scenarios
- Nikon Small World 2019: The Best Microscope Photos Of The Year
- This Photographer Made Funny Noises At Animals And Captured Their Funny Expressions
- These Pics Are Composed Of As Many Pixels As There Are Animals Still Alive In These Species
- Running In The Night: The Superb ’80s Cyberpunk Artworks By Daniele Gasparini
- This Artist Turns Picasso’s Portraits Into Fantastic 3D Sculptures
- Jungbauernkalender 2020: A New Bavarian Calendar For Young Farmers Has Arrived
- 20 Punk Bands Of The 1980s You’ve Never Heard Of
- The Lost Corvettes: 36 Chevrolet Corvettes From NYC Barn Find To Be Raffled In Charity Sweepstakes
- Everything Rust On This Poster In 30 Days… Except The Product