Illustrators unite behind fundraiser to save world’s rainforests
Breathe Easy is a month-long fundraiser dedicated to giving people a tangible way to do their bit to save the rainforest.
Our website uses cookies to improve your user experience. If you continue browsing, we assume that you consent to our use of cookies. More information can be found in our Cookies Policy and Privacy Policy .
Breathe Easy is a month-long fundraiser dedicated to giving people a tangible way to do their bit to save the rainforest.
Play Well will look at how play is an integral, but often overlooked, part of a well-functioning society.
The logo, a combination of the country’s heritage, will be shared by the Olympic and Paralympic Games for the first time.
The new look was developed by Dragon Rouge and aims to bring together the nine councils that form the body.
As part of our series looking at jobs in design studios, we speak to Hannah Scally, creative producer at Without, about transferable skills, being a people person and keeping multiple
According to the London-based designers, Rihanna’s eponymous book took two years to design.
The mission to get to Mars is creating countless opportunities for design, according to the new exhibition.
The app’s update is inspired by streaming services like Apple Music and Netflix.
The new generation of space garments were made for use during the 2024 lunar mission, which will see the first woman on the moon.
Bars on benches, studs in doorways and fenced off window ledges are just some of the many measures put in place to control how public space is used – but
The CEO of bank start-up, Current, says the social media platform “ripped off” his company’s logo.
Porsche says it wants to expand into “the third dimension of travel”.
The three-day festival will explore the “positive impact” design can have in society.
David Coombs, head of strategic services at Cheil UK, says if we want people to embrace smart tech, we need to stop aiming for the future.
The engineering company has announced that the vehicle, previously expected to be on roads by 2020, is not “commercially viable”.
Owain Davies, lead product owner at NHS, attributes growth to accessibility, cohesion — and users not spending as long on the website.
The banknote will feature artist JMW Turner and is thought to be the “most secure” ever produced.
The Ikea Safer Homes app gives users safety tips and to-do lists to better prepare their homes for children.
As our attention spans get shorter, brands want to engage customers in any way possible – ears are a good place to start.
The UK’s largest animation festival returns for a fifth year with Shaun the Sheep screenings, workshops from Oscar-winning directors and family activities.
The exhibition, Hello, Robot. Design Between Human and Machine, examines our relationship with robots and how design is a “mediator” between us.
The new look, developed by Cornwall-based designers Kingdom & Sparrow, aims to get the “newer generation of beer drinkers” engaged with the heritage beer brand.
Marlow replaces Deyan Sudjic and Alice Black, the museum’s co-directors for 12 years.
As part of our series looking at jobs in design studios, we speak to Chloé Morris, founder at Edible Stories, about constantly looking for inspiration, bringing brand stories to life,
The fair returns to London for its sixth year in November, here Design Week talks to curator and co-founder Alastair Eland about the ones to watch at this year’s event.
We speak to David Hillman, Nova’s art director for almost a decade, about its short but influential run, picking a perfect cover and when illustrations are better than photos.
The identity of the first ever international edition of the show draws heavily on its UK setting, says the team at BBC Creative.
Headed by brand consultancy Wolff Olins, the updated visual identity features a new bespoke handwritten typeface, a colour palette and graphics.
This month, it’s time to rethink robots at V&A Dundee, read about the best way to design schools and a men’s magazine launches.
The former director of design at the Royal Society of Arts, Manufactures and Commerce will take over the role of director of architecture, design and fashion at the end of