APPLY FOR MALE ESCORT JOB HIRE MALE ESCORT SERVICE GIGOLO SERVICE AND PLAYBOY AND CALL BOY JOB
We welcome you to DesirePlayboys male escort service, offering discreet companionship with handsome gentlemen. Our well-mannered men will take excellent care of you. Our warm, friendly support team will ensure that the high-profile escorts you are introduced to can be relied upon to provide discreet, ideal company for any occasion.
Join in our Male escort agency. Call us to know How to become a male escort. Male escort job in Ahmedabad, Bangalore, Bhubaneswar, Chandigarh, Chennai, Delhi, Goa, Hyderabad, Indore, Jaipur, Kerala, Kolkata, Lucknow, Mumbai, Pune, Surat and We are providing all type of Male escort services like Male escort Agency , Gigolo club job , Call boy service , Playboy job India , friendship club , Male prostitute , sex job , and Adult dating in India. You are working as independent male escorts and getting paid from clients for Male escort Job. Our Male escort Agency is available in all over India more than 18-20 cities.
Please contact our male escort agency if the information you require is not here. Our male escorts are between 18 - 45 years of age, fit, good looking, well presented, and with charming, fun personalities. Their incall facilities all have an array of refreshments, including soft drinks. To be a part of us you can simply scroll up and request a callback.
How to become Male Escort Callboy Playboy Ggiolo job in India
Step 2: Check their profile status before contacting any Male escort.
Step 3: Shortlist atleast 3-4 escorts then contact them and ask for availability.
Step 4: Fix a appointment and give them your address.
Step 5: Pay them after the job. and Post a review on their profile.
Step 6: To get Better service and Dedicated help Contact our Agents.
Eligibility for Male escort job
1. Candidate should know HINDI or ENGLISH.
2. Candidate should be well mannered and decent.
3. Candidate has to dressed up according to occasions.
4. Candidate needs to be clean and hygienic.
5. Candidate must not be addicted to drugs or alcohol.
6. Candidate must not be affected by S.T.D.
Why to Join our Gigolo club
1. We provide 100% verified profile
2. We offer an affordable starting.
3. We don’t share our member’s privacy to anyone.
4. We don’t share our client’s privacy to anyone.
5. We are not attending unknown clients.
6. We are not attending STD affected clients
Safety of our Male escort service
1. We never Share Our User data to anyone.
2. All the Profile are Verified and secured.
3. 100% Money back guarentee.
4. Spam and Froud Prevention.
5. 24*7 Costmercare assistance
6. Dedicated Agents and Manager
Male Escort job Delhi Mumbai Bangalore Chennai Call boy in Noida Hydrabad Pune Surat Nagpur
Our gigolo club can offer you that opportunity to become a hi profile gigolo. If you are not interested in starting a serious relationship with a man, just browse our gigolo website for male companions and meet a really handsome man. You can't get such a great opportunity to have fun with hi profile females and get paid for that.
Gigolo service job Delhi Mumbai Bangalore Chennai Playboy in Gurgaon Lucknow Kanpur Ahmedabad Kerala
You can browse the website and find the perfect gigolo for you. We have profiles from all cities of India. Just call our helpline or fill up the callback form, our agents will call you as soon as possible. You don't have to pay anything for booking you can pay the man at your doorstep after the service.
We are providing all type of Adult services like Male escort service, Gigolo service, Call boy job, Playboy job, Friendship club, Male prostitute, Sex job, and Adult dating in India. We are working as independent male escorts and getting paid from clients. Our clients are really rich and hygienic. We have a little contact with tour agencies and hotel so we are also providing service to NRI clients. Our service is available in all over India more than 18-20 cities.
Join in our service and get connected with local ladies nearby you. Our service is available in all major cities Male escort in India , Ahmedabad , Bangalore , Bhubaneswar , Chandigarh , Chennai , Delhi , Goa , Hyderabad , Indore , Jaipur , Kerala , Kolkata , Lucknow , Mumbai , Pune , Surat and Other 20-25 cities all over INDIA.