April 15th, 2015
In this version, we have focused on the Cocoa frontend, but there have been some good core fixes over so long. Notably, the save-related issues resulting in the advice “dont use 0.9.10″ have been resolved.
Head on over to the download page and check it out!
Also, don’t post bug reports or support requests in the comments. It’s a terrible venue for that, and there are other places specifically designed for it, such as, say, the support forum
Turn on JIT (dynamic recompiler) for HUGE speedup:
- For Windows users: in main menu, choose Config -> Emulation Settings, check “Use dynamic recompiler” or add to command line “––cpu-mode=1″
- For Linux users: add to command line “––cpu-mode=1″
- For Mac users: In the Emulation menu, choose Emulation > Show Emulation Settings. Then in the Emulation Settings panel, select Dynamic Recompiler. To keep JIT as the default setting, click ‘Save Settings as Default’.
WiFi not emulated and not supported!!
We won’t make a 3DS/2DS emulator.
Posted in Releases | 18 Comments »
November 28th, 2013
In this version, we have focused on trying to clean up some complexities in the user experience and emulator internals. Pretty unglamorous stuff, but some games are newly compatible.
Posted in Releases | 53 Comments »
April 30th, 2013
Yes, it’s been a while since the last release, but we haven’t been completely idle. There’s a brand new jit cpu core which yields some impressive speedups, and a ton of work on the OSX port!
Posted in Releases | 152 Comments »
August 6th, 2012
The OSX version has been updated to support Mountain Lion and fix an occasional crash that was annoying some users.
Grab it here!
Posted in Releases | 52 Comments »
April 9th, 2012
Yes, it’s been a while since the last release, but we haven’t been completely idle. There’s a brand new top shelf Cocoa frontend to make life far more pleasant for OSX users, and a host of compatibility fixes.
Head on over to the download page and check it out!
* edit (09-apr-2012) – the win32 binary was updated to remove the console window which was accidentally left enabled
* edit (18-apr-2012) – the win32 nosse2 binary was updated to fix it so that it was actually what it says it is
* edit (29-jul-2012) – the OSX version doesn’t work in mountain lion. youll get sound but no video. we’ll post an update here when we have a solution for you.
Posted in Releases | 337 Comments »
February 1st, 2011
These bits may seem a bit stale to those of you who have been watching our SVN, as they were made in November 2010. Sorry it took so long to get released. A lot of testing and laziness were involved.
This version brings with it the usual assortment of core, graphics, and frontend fixes. Compatibility improvements are numerous, but there is a long way to go still.
Please note that a super OSX buildmaster would be a welcome addition to our team, as it is not really our area of expertise and continually gets short-changed due to lack of attention…
* edit (04-feb-2011) – the NOSSE2 build is posted
* edit (06-feb-2011) – the NOSSE2 build is re-posted since the previous one was a total fail.
* edit (30-apr-2011) – the OSX build is posted
Posted in Releases | 262 Comments »
May 19th, 2010
This release focuses on emulation bugfixes and features of interest
to homebrew developers. Most users will find that the compatibility
is increased substantially.
Some save files may be invalidated due to use of broken crc logic.
Back up your DSV files before using this version of the emulator or else
the game might wipe it.
Users of OSX, gtk, cli and gtk-glade frontends please note that now we
have a common directory in ~/.config/desmume for config file,
saves and savestates. The old .desmume.ini will be moved
automatically with the name config but you have to move your saves
manually.
UPDATE We have released a new version of the source tarball to fix problems building the glade frontend. If you downloaded your copy before 05/25/2010, please download it again
Posted in Releases | 229 Comments »
November 27th, 2009
Christmas is getting nearer and still haven’t found any gift ideas?
Don’t worry anymore, here’s the perfect present : a new DeSmuME release!
0.9.5 introduces an entirely rewritten main emulation loop
This totally changes the timing, and totally breaks old savestates.
The OSX build is now based on the GTK port which is more up-to-date.
Assorted Highlights:
- synchronous SPU mode to fix streaming sounds
- win32: lua engine, path configuration, 7z dearchiving support
If you want to know more, you can read the complete press release.
Posted in Releases | 394 Comments »
July 8th, 2009
This new release introduces lots of bug corrections, improvements and new features: among them are new save autodetection, new save file format and full rerecording support.
For those wondering about the missing 0.9.3 version, we somehow lost it ; it got captured by hunters that thought it was a new p*kem*n.
And also, the download page now links to an 0.9.4 OSX Universal binary.
Posted in Releases | 269 Comments »
June 24th, 2009
Thanks to your support, we’ve been able to make it to the Sourceforge Community Choice Awards finals! That’s quite nice, but we want to go even further, win the final and get those free pizzas, and we need your help again. So please vote for us!
Posted in Misc | 18 Comments »