Design News
JLA Turns a Turnkey Office Location into a Functional, Light-Filled Space for Reach Capital
When Reach Capital, an education fin-tech start-up, needed to set-up headquarters, they sought out a turnkey office location in San Francisco's SoMa neighborhood, the city's latest tech hub. They leased an industrial industrial-chic space with generous windows and skylights.
Type Directors Club Type Competitions Open for Entries
The Type Directors Club announced the Call for Entries for the TDC66 The World's Best Typography competition. TDC66 includes competitions for Communication Design and Typeface Design.
Brandon Designs New Brand Identity for Napolina
Brandon has designed a new look for Napolina, the UK's number one Italian cooking brand. The updated range is currently rolling out, starting with tinned tomatoes that launched on shelves in September.
Adobe Launches 'Inspiration Engine' Amazon Alexa Skill
Adobe has today launched the ' Adobe Inspiration Engine,' a free Amazon Alexa Skill rescuing people from their creative ruts.
D&AD Releases Second Series of 'Make and Break' Podcast
D&AD has released the second series of D&AD Make and Break - a six-part podcast aiming to help students, graduates and aspiring creatives get a foothold in the industry. Hosted by Naina Sethi, the series features high-profile some of the UK's most exciting creative talent sharing tips, hacks and advice for getting into the creative industries.
Architecture Office Designs New Coworking Space ShareCuse in Syracuse, New York
Architecture Office has designed the flagship work environment for ShareCuse, a new coworking space located within the historic 1928 Syracuse Building in the city's downtown district.
The One Show 2020: Call for Entries
Submissions are now open for the 2020 One Show, one of the world's most prestigious awards shows recognizing the best creative work in advertising, interactive, design and branded entertainment.
Lumsden Designs New Retail and Dining Experience at Warner Bros. Studio Tour
Lumsden recently designed three new eateries and all new retail experience for the 'Warner Bros. Studio Tour London - The Making of Harry Potter' in Leavesden.
Poliform Opens Lifestyle Concept Store in Vancouver, BC
Poliform, in collaboration with Aeon Group, has launched its first-ever mono-brand store in the BC region.
B&B Studio Designs New Brand Identity for Raw Halo
B&B Studio has designed a new brand identity and packaging for raw chocolate brand Raw Halo. Raw Halo pushes raw, vegan chocolate to a new level in terms of taste, quality and ingredients - all without sacrificing on flavor.
Globe and Cohda Launch The Deck Chair
A collaborative project between Australian Skateboard Brand GLOBE and Cohda, The Deck Chair is a design that uses manufacture processes and components, generally only seen in the board sports industry, to offer something truly unique to the furniture market.
Manifold Garden Launched on Apple Arcade
Manifold Garden is a new one-of-its-kind video game designed by William Chyr. Just released on Apple Arcade, the game focuses on a virtual world of architecture, design, and physics; and challenges players to manipulate and experience physical space in striking new ways by developing ideas of how design works.
Kirei Launches EchoCloud Ziggy
Kirei has released EchoCloud Ziggy, a modular acoustic ceiling system made from recycled materials designed to dampen unwanted overhead noise and echo with a modern edge.
Blank Space Launches Seventh Annual Fairy Tales Competition
Blank Space has launched the 2020 Fairy Tales competition. Fairy Tales is open to all, and invites architects, designers, writers, artists, engineers, illustrators, students and creatives to submit their own unique architectural fairy tales. A successful entry will craft a text narrative, along with 5 images, in the most spectacular way possible.
Connectic by Cooper Carry Architects Wins 2019 Radical Innovation Award
Connectic by Cooper Carry has been announced as the winner of the 2019 Radical Innovation Award.
One Club For Creativity Announces 'Right The Ratio' Gender Equality Summit
The One Club For Creativity has announced 'Right The Ratio,' a two-day summit aimed squarely at agency decision-makers, those with the power to advance workplace equality and foster a more gender-balanced environment.
JOI-Design Reinvents Ginger Goa for Taj Hotels
JOI-Design recently reinvented Ginger Hotels brand for Taj Hotels Group, by transforming the former budget model into a lifestyle brand.
CuldeSac Designs Marine Conservation Themed Installation for Princess Yachts
Princess Yachts recently partnered with CuldeSac Experience in the commissioning of artist Misael del Rosario to create a themed artistic installation at this year's International boat shows.
Fritz Hansen Launches N02 Recycle, Designed by nendo
nendo recently designed a new, all-purpose chair made from upcycled plastic for Fritz Hansen. The N02 Recycle is Fritz Hansen's first chair produced in colored, recycled polypropylene.
Trollbäck+Company Creates New Brand Evolution for FOX Entertainment
Trollbäck+Company designed the new brand position, strategy and tone of voice for FOX Entertainment.
IIDA Announces Winners of the 2019 Annual Best of Asia Pacific Design Awards
IIDA has announced the recipients of the 2019 Best of Asia Pacific Design Awards. This competition seeks to recognize and honor the highest level of creativity and design excellence in interior design/interior architecture projects throughout the Asia Pacific region.
Williams Murray Hamm Creates New Brand Identity for Hirsh London
Williams Murray Hamm has created a new brand identity for Hirsh London, the Mayfair luxury jewelry house, ahead of its 40th anniversary in 2020.
Nice Brazil Headquarters by Mario Cucinella Architects
Mario Cucinella Architects has broken ground on a 16,000 sqm industrial complex in Brazil for Nice, the Italian multinational which is a world leader in the Home Automation, Home Security and Smart Home sector.
D&AD Launches 2020 New Blood Awards
D&AD has launched the briefs for the 2020 D&AD New Blood Awards. As one of the largest competitions for emerging creatives to exercise and showcase their talents on briefs set in partnership with some of the world's leading brands, the design-led briefs have been set by brands including BBC, Google, Penguin, and XBox.
Made Thought Pop-up in London's Seven Dials
Made Thought recently launched a pop-up in London's Seven Dials which acts as a creative playground and experimental space to explore how brands are engaging with new audiences through experimental retail concepts and immersive installations.
LARQ Launches 'Bottle Movement' Collection
LARQ - the world's first self-cleaning reusable water bottle - has unveiled its newest iteration, 'LARQ Bottle Movement.'
Cactus Designs Branding for Parc Mosaic
Cactus recently completed a new branding project for Parc Mosaic - a mindful apartment community in Boulder with the intent of attracting thoughtful, long-term residents.
2019 SEGD Xlab: The Future of Experience & Place
The Society for Experiential Graphic Design's 2019 Xlab, the ninth-annual experiential graphic design gathering, will be held in Brooklyn at BRIC for the second consecutive year. This year's theme, 'The Future of Experience & Place,' will explore the increasing value and demand in creating experiences.
New MoMA Flagship Store to Open Next Week
The new flagship Museum Store at the MoMA, designed by Diller Scofidio + Renfro in collaboration with Gensler, with retail design by Lumsden, will open on October 21 adjacent to the lobby of the Museum.
Baron Fig and Kyle Webster Launch New Notebook
Baron Fig has today launched Trace, a limited-edition notebook created in collaboration with Adobe Design Evangelist Kyle Webster.