Newest Excerpts (“Daily Lines”) From BEES
Have you read my latest Excerpts (aka “Daily Lines”) from GO TELL THE BEES THAT I HAVE GONE? Here are the most recent:
My blog entry, “BEES Workmanship Example,” from September 2 (also linked to at right), has a new excerpt in it, and gives an idea of how I edit my writing as I work.
Image credit: This photo of me at right was taken by French journalist/blogger Victoria Arias in Falkland Palace, Scotland.
GO TELL THE BEES THAT I AM GONE will be the ninth in my series of major Outlander novels. So far, I have posted and released over fifty excerpts (Daily Lines) from it.
Note that BEES does not have a publication date set yet! I am working hard doing the writing and research for BEES and hope to finish writing it by the end of this year (2019). After I finish it, then my publishers will decide upon release dates, likely in 2020. Thanks!
On March, 2019, I released a (tentative) list of chapter titles for BEES.
For more information about my progress on BEES, and to access all excerpts (Daily Lines) released so far, visit my official BEES webpage at:
http://www.dianagabaldon.com/books/outlander-series/book-nine-outlander-series/
Quick Links: Blog | Appearances | News | Chronology | Signed Books | Outlander TV Series
Where in The World Is Diana Gabaldon?
My schedule of upcoming public events is always available on my official Appearances webpage at:
www.dianagabaldon.com/appearances
Or click on the Appearances tab/menu above on my website’s main menu of choices.
My Appearances page is updated regularly, but at irregular intervals as events are confirmed. Some events sell out quickly, so please check frequently for updates.
Image of me signing books at the 2018 Paris Book Festival in Paris, France.
My Writing Process
If you’re interested in my writing process, check out my blog entry titled, “Want to Watch Me Write?” from September, 2016…
Signed Books From The Poisoned Pen
The Poisoned Pen bookstore sells new copies of my books, signed by me, and they ship anywhere in the world! There is no extra charge for my signature.
Click here for more information.
My Methadone List
Looking for something to read until GO TELL THE BEES THAT I HAVE GONE is released? Check out my suggestions of books that I recommend by other authors in my Methadone List.
This is the only official website for Diana Gabaldon, bestselling author of the OUTLANDER series of major novels, the Lord John series, and other works.
Please do NOT send emails to Diana or Diana’s Webmistress asking when BEES (Book Nine of the Outlander series) will be finished and published. Instead, see Diana’s official GO TELL THE BEES THAT I AM GONE webpage for the most current information about this new book, and for access to the more than 50 excerpts (“Daily Lines”) that Diana has released from it so far. Thank you.
If you have a comment, question or correction about content on any of Diana’s webpages, or you have a suggestion of information that you’d like to see, please send to Diana’s Webmistress. Your thoughtful input is welcomed and appreciated.
All first-person text was written by Diana Gabaldon. Text with a third-person voice was usually written by Diana’s Webmistress.
This homepage was last updated on Thursday, September 26, 2019, at 5:20 a.m. (Pacific Time) by Diana Herself or Diana’s Webmistress, Loretta.