In this episode, all four hosts take a look at the list of Essen games (by Eric Martin on www.boardgamegeek.com) and talk about our opinions and hopes for them. We also discuss our plans at the show this year.
Home
The Latest News
In this show, we are joined by Becca Scott from Geek & Sundry as we delve into a pile of questions and talk about recording game plays on video! We also review the new Choose Your Own Adventure: War with the Evil Power Master, Awkward Guests, and Ecos First Continent. Finally, we end the show with our top ten games that start with the letter "I". Huzzah!
In this episode, we review Cursed Court, Parks, Curios, 3 HABA titles, and Kindomino Duel. Suzanne shares a new app and we wrap with a few quick questions.
In this show, we talk about Tapestry, Chocolate Factory, and Rail Pass! We answer questions, including a malicious genie, Monopoly today, the magic number of players, and when to restart a rules explanation! We then end the show talking about our top ten horror themed games.
(Side note: We think we've identified the problem with Tom's mike - should be fixed by next show!)
In this episode Suzanne and Mandi discuss Skulk Hollow, Ragusa, Empires of the North, Deadly Doodles, Ecos and Hats. They also cover a couple of One and Done games and wrap up with a Victory Points segment all about "cart campers" (the games that live in your shopping cart but never make it to purchase.)
On today's show, Tom and Eric recap the Dice Tower Retreat, with both old and new games played. We discuss Power Rangers, Die Hard, Star Wars Outer Rim, Detective: City of Angels, Le Havre, Caverna, Feast for Odin, Puerto Rico, Mamma Mia, Roll for the Galaxy, Beta Colony, and Everdell. Plus, Geoff shows us the next generation of game playing machines, we answer questions about tame library storage, making exclusive items not-so-exclusive, and the merits of switching hands in a card game. Then, we finish up with our Top Ten games that start with H.
In episode 623, Mandi and Suzanne review Space Base The Emergence of Shy Pluto, Time Chase, Trapper Keeper, Little Town, Tales of Glory, and Watergate. They also discuss a couple of apps and answer your questions with some Q&A.