The Log
4 October 2019: A group of 37 globally prominent scientists representing the International Journal of Engine Research (IJER) have published an editorial on the future of the internal combustion engine [more ...]
27 September 2019: Summary of the technical sessions from the 6th International Conference Aftertreatment & Sensors held in Munich, Germany on September 19-20 [more ...]
Sponsored Links
25 September 2019: It is time to register for the 17th FAD Conference: The Challenge—Exhaust Aftertreatment, to be held on November 6-7, 2019 in Dresden, Germany. As in previous years, the Conference features a strong technical program, covering topics ranging from the energy basis for future mobility to emission aftertreatment, fuel quality issues, and emission measurement.
20 September 2019: New Technology Guide paper discusses potential Energy Alternatives that may be available beyond oil—food for thought for the Global Climate Strike action that started today.
12 September 2019: Updated Business Directory Page of ESW America—Testing Services reflects the current engine and vehicle emission testing capabilities of the company.
7 September 2019: Is it possible to enjoy both economic growth and environmental sustainability? A new report by the European Environmental Bureau reviews the empirical and theoretical literature to assess the validity of such hypothesis. The conclusion is both overwhelmingly clear and sobering: not only is there no empirical evidence supporting the existence of a decoupling of economic growth from environmental pressures on anywhere near the scale needed to deal with environmental breakdown, but also, and perhaps more importantly, such decoupling appears unlikely to happen in the future [more ...]
6 September 2019: The US EPA and the DOT have sent a letter to Mary Nichols, the chairwoman of the California Air Resources Board, warning her that the recent California agreement with four major automakers to reduce GHG emissions appears to be inconsistent with federal law [more ...]
5 September 2019: Added summary of Colombian emission standards for on-road vehicles and engines.
23 August 2019: Colombia adopted a new law, which requires that all new diesel vehicles meet Euro VI emission standards from 2023. The law also imposes an unusual requirement that all diesel vehicles in operation in Colombia be Euro VI by 2035 [more ...]
20 August 2019: Emission test cycles: Added summary of the Low Load Cycle (LLC) for heavy-duty engines and vehicles.
15 August 2019: Updated Technology Guide paper on Natural Gas, with expanded sections on natural gas utilization, greenhouse gas effects (methane emissions from NG engines and from the NG supply chain), and pollutant emissions from NG engines.
9 August 2019: Updated summary of Brazilian biodiesel standards, following the publication of the Brazilian B15 report and the increase of biodiesel mandate to 11%.
7 August 2019: Germany’s KBA approves first SCR retrofit kit for diesel cars, while Daimler agrees to subsidize retrofits of Mercedes vehicles [more ...]
2 August 2019: Updated summary of Chinese emission standards for marine engines includes a new section on fuel sulfur and NOx control requirements.
26 July 2019: The US EPA released its DERA Fourth Report to Congress: Highlights of the Diesel Emissions Reduction Program. The Diesel Emissions Reduction Act (DERA) program, authorized in 2005 and reauthorized in 2010, is a US federal government program addressing emissions from legacy diesel engines such as through engine replacements or retrofits. This Fourth Report to Congress summarizes final results from FY 2008-2013 and details a combination of final and estimated results from FY 2014-2016 (see also EPA news release).
23 July 2019: Updated Technology Guide paper on Diesel Particulate Filters—added new SEM images showing soot deposition in a DPF, and a number of edits throughout the text.
Diesel Engine & Emissions
The diesel engine is the most efficient power plant among all known types of internal combustion engines. Heavy trucks, urban buses, and industrial equipment are powered almost exclusively by diesel engines all over the world. For the foreseeable future, the world’s transportation needs will continue to rely on the diesel engine and its gasoline counterpart. However, both engine technologies have been evolving to meet two major challenges: lower emissions and increased energy efficiency.
Internal combustion engines are significant contributors to air pollution. In response, clean diesel technologies with near-zero emissions of NOx and PM have been developed and introduced in regions with the most stringent emission standards. As this trend spreads to other parts of the world, the environmental focus has shifted to climate changing emissions and energy efficiency. The environmental benefit of low greenhouse gas emissions, traditionally associated with the diesel engine, is no longer sufficient. To meet future greenhouse gas and fuel economy regulations, new technologies are being developed—low temperature combustion, waste heat recovery, powertrain electrification, to name a few—that further increase the efficiency not only of the diesel engine powertrain but the entire vehicle as well. Under low-carbon regulatory policies, the scope for potential improvements is no longer limited to engines and vehicles, but also includes life cycle effects of fuel production and vehicle manufacture.
DieselNet, the only information service exclusively devoted to internal combustion engines and emissions, is an internet knowledge base for technical and business information on diesel engines, fuels, emissions and technologies required by the clean and efficient diesel engines of the future.