Interested in learning how to look after yours and your colleagues' mental health and wellbeing? The Minds Matter workshop explores self-care and techniques
Adapted from a recipe created in 2015 by Jack McGarry at the Dead Rabbit, New York City, USA. Jack originally based this cocktail on Green Spot single
Created March 2018 by yours truly (Simon Difford) at the Cabinet Room, London, England.
One of several classic cocktails accredited to New York City's Algonquin Hotel in the 1930s. Its true origins are lost in time.
As part of his long section on Highballs, in his 1948 The Fine Art Of Mixing Drinks David Embury notes, Gin and ginger ale, with a dash of Angostura, is
SHAKE first 3 ingredients with ice and fine strain into chilled glass. Carefully FLOAT wine.
Adapted from a recipe created in 2019 by Ian Burrell, London, England.
Greg Almeida, a leading light in the flat structure of Alex Kratena and Monica Berg’s Tayēr + Elementary, perhaps 2019’s most anticipated bar opening,
Two Jack Daniel's saloons were resurrected by the Tennessee Calling IV finalists in a bartending showdown. With support and mentorship from Tom Loosli,
Produced entirely by hand at the vineyard, this ancholado pisco is a blend of Quebranta and Italia grape varieties.
Adapted from a recipe by Robert Brother Cleve Toomey, a regarded bartender, DJ and musician. Brother Cleve was a member of the band Combustible Edison
Adapted from a recipe in Lucius Beebe's 1946 The Stork Club Bar Book.
A Prohibition-era cocktail (1920-1933) of unknown origin, the term Barbary Coast referred to a nine-block area was cantered around Pacific Street (now
Adapted from a recipe created in 2016 by Ricardo Dynan, global brand ambassador for Absolut vodka. Naturally, the name is a reference to this cocktail
STIR all ingredients with ice and strain into ice-filled glass.
Adapted from a recipe created in 2019 by Jorge A. Conde at Smoke & Mirrors, Singapore.
“My attention span is not incredible, so it’s very, very refreshing to be doing something different almost every day,” says Sam Boevey, the group
Joerg Meyer's quest to perfect an adult, dry and sophisticated version of my personal most iconic elegant gin classic: The Twentieth Century Cocktail led
Made according to Anton Rutte's 1918 handwritten recipe and launched as Rutte Old Tom just over a century later in 2019. Based on grain neutral alcohol
Havana Club Professional Edition D is a fresh aromatic white rum made from a blend of fresh destilado de caña with full-bodied and aromatic extra-aged
Havana Club Professional Edition C is a rich and raw gold rum blended from young aromatic aguardiente with older rum bases aged in San José distillery's
Vodka's success is partly due to it being marketed from the 1940's as a clear, pure, clean spirit that will mix with anything. Accordingly, it is regarded
Are you a bartender & want to escape the busy London Cocktail Week? Well.. look no further.
This list is compiled annually according to the opinions of an international panel comprised of more than 520 drinks experts, including renowned bartenders
All editorial and photography on diffordsguide.com is copyright protected
© Odd Firm of Sin 2019