Share what you're saving for and Digit does the rest. It can budget for your next vacation, pay off credit cards, or put money away for a rainy day.
Our sophisticated algorithms learn how you spend, so you don't have to change your lifestyle. Digit knows when to take a break and when it's cool to save.
Hear from Digit users on the App Store, Play Store, and Twitter.
I love this app! We were able to save for two vacations without thinking about it.
Ma
I’ve saved over $2,600 for our Vacation Fund, in the 1 year I’ve been using @hellodigit.
I love the simplicity and ease of saving for a variety of goals - all without lifting a finger.
Yoabibi
My Digit savings helped me pay off a semester of tuition so I don’t have to take out a loan.
This is the ONLY app that has fully satisfied my needs! It's straight to the point.
Alicia
This app has turned me from someone who can't save money into someone who can.
Brooke
This app has helped me save so much money without even realizing it!
Kaitlyndez
Adore this app. Makes saving effortless and customer service is top notch!
Christy
I’ll third @hellodigit. Paid for my trip to London and Paris last year. Currently saving for Morocco…
We use state-of-the-art encryption to keep your data safe. Digit users have already put a billion in the bank, and the savings are just getting started.
Your money is held at FDIC insured banks.
Which means you're protected up to $250,000.
Your data is secured by 256-bit encryption.
That's the same level of security as the military.
Digit is free for 30 days, then just $5/mo.
Automated Saving
Digit knows when it's ok to save.
Unlimited Goals
Digit manages all your savings goals.
Pay Off A Credit Card
Digit will save for & pay off your credit card debt.
1% Savings Bonus
Get paid for saving every 3 months.
Unlimited Withdraws
Get your money when you want it.
Overdraft Prevention
Automatic transfers to your checking.
No Account Minimums
Leave as little as you want in Digit.
Overdraft Reimbursement
The fee is on us if Digit saves too much.