Latest story
Earlier stories
ServiceNow gets serious (again) - Bill McDermott joins as CEO
Implementing enterprise microservices - it's all about re-design, not re-modeling
Unit4 doubles down on people experience in people industries
UN report - our algorithmic world is creating a social welfare dystopia
Cyber-security - skills and technology gaps are the missing pieces of the puzzle
Partner stories
Don't change your software just for go-live - keep on changing it
The days of rolling out a software solution just once and then leaving it alone are over - the real value is realized from ongoing change, writes Michael Ouissi of IFS
More stories
Operationalizing AI — making the tech accessible, applicable and repeatable
Enterprises have started operationalizing AI. Infor's Rick Rider explains how to make this powerful technology accessible, applicable and repeatable
SSE powers up Enterprise Application Management for a brighter future
The energy firm is working with Software AG to get a deeper understanding of how it can exploit assets across its IT environment.
Slack speeds enterprise teamwork with automation and integration
Digital teamwork isn't just about connecting people. Now it automates workflow and connects across applications - an exclusive Slack interview
Microsoft tie-up boosts SAP cloud revenue growth for Q3
A solid Q3 for SAP with an expanded Microsoft tie-up powering cloud growth.
Cyber-criminals are the new entrepreneurs in an age of the "feral" Internet of Things
Some stark conclusions about the current worldview around cyber-security.
Enterprise hits and misses - IT spending puts legacy vendors on notice, and digital transformation is quantifiable
This week - IT spending gets cloudy as on-prem vendors get another wake-up call. Digital transformation gets quantified, and event reviews roll on. Your whiffs include some epic privacy gaffes, and I take a shot at "PR doorknobs."
5 reasons developers need to research real-world user experience
Enterprise developers often work far removed from the people who use their software, and must get closer to real-world user experience, writes MongoDB's Dominic Wellington
Supercomputing and cancer research - is computational biology useful yet?
What can you do with 1,000,000,000,000,000,000 Floating-point calculations per second (EXAflops)? Simulate nuclear weapons? Yes. Cure cancer? Maybe...
SAP user groups to SAP's new CEOs - let's partner on integration, S/4HANA adoption, and cloud harmonization
We've weighed in on SAP's leadership changes, but what do SAP user groups think? Views from ASUG, DSAG, and UKISUG bring out common issues for SAP's new co-CEOs to take up.
FutureStack London - New Relic customers take many paths on the digital journey
In an exclusive interview, former SITA technology lead Greg Ouillon, now EMEA Field CTO at New Relic, describes four dimensions of its customers' digital journeys