The #AltWoke project was born from the efforts of a heterogenous collective called ANON that comprises theorists, activists, artists, and sex workers alike. The manifesto combines a taste for complex philosophical issues (around economic systems, automation, and AI) with a strong emphasis on the power of pop culture, especially African-American. Interview of Nicola Bozzi... READ MORE...
Filippo Lorenzin interviewed Jeroen Van Loon: the Dutch artist looks at new and older developments in digital culture to point out the interstices between the most debated themes in the so-called disruptive digital art.... READ MORE...
Nicola Bozzi interviewed Max Dovey: working with stereotypes, tags, and algorithms in live settings, the UK-based artist has tried to define the “hipster” stereotype algorithmically, find out what makes a person male or female in a computer's eyes, and highlight the human labour necessary for machine learning. I spoke to him about a few of his artworks.... READ MORE...
Artist Simon Boas has been working on the themes of accountability, consent, and privacy for several years, sometimes touching upon stereotype and identity as well. His works make me think of the collective definition of identity, the fact that people get entangled in wider and looser labels.... READ MORE...
Digging into his extensive research on memory and his site-specific public art projects, Yonca Keremoglu talks with Refik Anadol about his projects around both public and private spheres.... READ MORE...
Alcune considerazioni sull'esposizione "Dream Beasts" di Theo Jansen, a partire da una breve intervista all’artista. In mostra le sue sculture cinetiche zoomorfe, destinate alle enormi e scenografiche spiagge dei Paesi Bassi.... READ MORE...
A cosa ci riferiamo quando parliamo di arte transgenica? In questo panorama spinoso, che più di tutti lega a doppio filo arte e scienza, filosofia e biotecnologie, questioni giuridiche e tabù ancestrali cerca di fare ordine il libro di Mario Savini “Arte transgenica: la vita è il medium”, edito nel 2018 da Pisa University Press.... READ MORE...
The transmediale Artistic Director’s central responsibility is the formulation of festival's artistic vision and its implementation on a content and structural level. The position requires the ability to critically examine topics at the intersection of art, technology, science, society.... READ MORE...
Digimag Journal is an interdisciplinary publication seeking high-standard articles and reviews that focus on the impact of the last technological and scientific developments on art, design and contemporary society.
Digicult Editions is a publishing initiative whose goal is to be active in the publication of the Digimag Journal and critical and theoretical books. Digicult Edition uses all the tools of a contemporary digital publishing.
The #AltWoke project was born from the efforts of a heterogenous collective called ANON that comprises theorists, activists, artists, and sex workers alike. The manifesto combines a taste for complex philosophical issues (around economic systems, automation, and AI) with a strong emphasis on the power of pop culture, especially African-American. Interview of Nicola Bozzi... READ MORE...
Giunto splendidamente al suo 26° compleanno, il Sónar festival di Barcellona ha confermato la sua vocazione culturale, sociale e politica. Il plus del Sónar è la capacità di intercettare non solo le eccezionalità, ma soprattutto la ricerca e la sperimentazione, ospitando djset, concert, live performancele, audiovisual performance e installazioni multimodali, con particolare attenzione alle ultime tendenze generazionali legate ai nuovi linguaggi. il report di Caterina Tomeo.... READ MORE...
The Frankfurter Kunstverein, in cooperation with the Senckenberg Naturmuseum, will present "Trees of Life - Stories for a Damaged Planet", an interdisciplinary exhibition project that leads our gaze from a historically cultivated, anthropocentric worldview to a systemic understanding of humans as a part of the evolutionary process.... READ MORE...
"The Unknown Ideal" is the first solo exhibition in Germany by London-based artist, filmmaker, and writer Zach Blas. His expansive practice includes an emphasis on the relationship between digital technologies and the cultures and politics that animate them.... READ MORE...
Teresa Ruffino interviews Karol Sudolski, a young creative currently based in Milan. Together they talk about his introduction to the world of video before, and music after, both happened by accident and about the representation through a visual form of his thoughts in what he defines as the landscape of paranoia.... READ MORE...
Filippo Lorenzin interviewed Jeroen Van Loon: the Dutch artist looks at new and older developments in digital culture to point out the interstices between the most debated themes in the so-called disruptive digital art.... READ MORE...
A growing attention to environmental thinking mirrors a global acknowledgement and urgency of the need to rethink the human place in the biosphere and how we are connected to the world. The Screen City Biennial 2019 sets out to present, facilitate and examine art and artistic, that raise questions of how human action affects the ecologies with which it is implicated.... READ MORE...
Marco Aruga interviewed Volkmar Klien, sound artist and curator of Artificial Intelligence x Music Festival 2019. Celebrating the roots of “automated” music, the AIxMusic Festival got inspiration also from antique and baroque music, with a program spanning from Monteverdi to contemporary sounds.... READ MORE...
Bologna ospita la quarta edizione di Ombre Lunghe dal 17 al 19 ottobre. Tema di questa edizione è l’invisibilità, archetipo mitico che percorre alla stessa velocità il tempo e lo spazio umani.... READ MORE...
IMMA presents one of its most ambitious and compelling exhibitions exploring desire in our everyday lives. In particular, "Desire: A Revision from the 20th Century to the Digital Age" considers desire’s relationship to structures of power, individualism and emerging collective actions.... READ MORE...
In her exhibition, Asta Gröting combines earlier works with new sculptures and videos focusing on the physical and psychological deconstruction of the human body. Whether based on family members, friends or historical figures, Gröting’s work across media seeks to cast abstract qualities such as thought, intimacy, conflict and subjectivity.... READ MORE...
FuturDome is introducing, for the first time in Europe, the oeuvre and the artistic course of Ricardo Carioba. In his first monographic exhibition "Non Linear Spatial Normalizations", the context becomes the work, not to extend the art space or to pierce the city through, but to find a time and place with the arriving people, where meaning could begin.... READ MORE...
Nicola Bozzi interviews feminist activist and academic Helena Suárez Val about geo-tagging, the assignment of global positioning system (GPS) coordinates as metadata to a piece of content produced online. Helena's research stems from her own mapping of feminicides in her native Uruguay, an endeavour rooted in her background as both an activist and a programmer.... READ MORE...
UCCA presents "Matthew Barney: Redoubt", a major new body of work realized between 2016 and 2019 that marks the artist’s first solo exhibition in China. The exhibition includes the titular two-hour film, five monumental sculptures, more than fifty engravings and electroplated copper plates, and an artist-conceived catalogue... READ MORE...
The exhibition "Transcorporealities" takes as its starting point the concept of the permeability of bodies. This idea of “transcorporeality” can also be applied to the museum: in continuous metabolic processes, various social, biological, technological, economic and political systems intersect. Against this backdrop, the exhibition activates an area in the museum that is freely accessible and opens toward the urban space with its transparent façades and glass doors on two sides: the foyer.... READ MORE...
With roughly 40 multimedia works, the exhibition "Parallax Symmetry" an overview of the oeuvre of the artist and musician Carsten Nicolai. Using electronic sound and light, Nicolai creates minimalist installations, sound performances, and visualizations of physical phenomena that reflect systems and structures of the media world.... READ MORE...
Curated by Stefanie Hessler, "More-than-humans" brings together outstanding works by Dominique Gonzalez-Foerster and Tomás Saraceno from the Thyssen-Bornemisza Art Contemporary (TBA21) collection: they consider that which cannot be explained by the rational anthropoid mind.... READ MORE...
The cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. If you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "Accept" below then you are consenting to this.