For just £19/year
Release all your music on...
Independent. Transparent. Simple.
We’re passionate about artists’ rights and making the music industry fairer for independent musicians. Our unlimited distribution service allows you to release all of your music onto the world’s biggest platforms, while you keep 100% of the rights to your songs and all the money you earn from sales. Plus, we have 20 offices across 16 countries, and over 100 staff on-hand to help support and promote your music globally.
-
100% yours
Keep every penny of your rights and royalties
-
No hidden costs
Free ISRC and UPC codes for every release
-
Get Playlisted
Get featured on Spotify & Apple Music playlists
-
Get paid
Request payments direct to your bank account
“We founded Ditto Music over ten years ago after struggling as musicians for many years. Having experienced the red-tape and confusion of the music biz for ourselves, we knew we could do better.
We started Ditto to give other unsigned artists the chance to release and promote their tracks, and take control of their own music career.
Since we established Ditto Music all those years ago, we’ve helped over 150,000 independent musicians kick-start their careers, promote their music and sell their tracks, including massive artists like Ed Sheeran, Royal Blood and Stormzy. We were also the first to get an unsigned band in to the charts, and we’ve engineered 20 Top 40 hits with independent artists to date.
Ditto Music is 100% independent and we have dedicated teams in the UK, USA, Australia, Sweden, Brazil and South Africa. Our single mission driving us every day is to help you achieve the success your music deserves.
Welcome to the Ditto family!”
- Matt & Lee Parsons,
Ditto Music CEOs & Founders
Loved by:
-
Create Hype
Pre-release and promotional tools available for many stores
-
Reporting
Learn more about your fans with daily analytic reports
-
We’re Quick
Get your music live faster than anywhere else and start earning
-
Video
Unlimited distribution to 100 stores for £19 per year