DJ Fundamentals: Using Delay Effects
Ean's back with the first video in his new series back on YouTube. In this video, he goes over some of the…
Kontrol S3 Spotted In Traktor Pro 3.3 Public Beta
Remember how the Native Instruments team promised there would be new Traktor hardware before the end of the year?…
DDJ-400 Gets Algoriddim djay Support + DDJ-400-S Silver Edition
We recently touted the DDJ-200 as a great buy for beginner DJs because of the access to streaming libraries (making it a low investment way to start DJing), but now the DDJ-400 is getting similar functionality. Algoriddim's popular djay…
NI Confirms 20% Layoffs, Plans New “Unified Platform” for Digital Music Production, New…
You might have heard that Native Instruments just went through a massive, tumultuous layoff cycle last Thursday. While we've heard from a number of individuals who have been impacted by these cuts, we weren't expecting to hear any official…
Shakeups, Layoffs – What’s Happening At Native Instruments?
What’s happening at Native Instruments? Over the last week, a number of sources have shared news of significant layoffs at Native Instruments. Specifically, according to sources close to the company, around 100 people were let go last…
Nightmares in Clubland: Justin Nyce’s Worst Gig Ever
DJ Techtools regularly sits down with a veteran club DJ to ask them about their "worst night ever" at the club. While Justin has been a staple on the East Coast for over 10 years, he's most commonly seen bouncing back and forth between…
Get DJTT love in your inbox
Drop your email address here, we'll send you news, tutorials, and special offers once a week.
Unsubscribe at any time. we won't sell your data, ever.
More Techniques + Tips
Smart Music Shopping Tips for DJs: Dig For Music With Intention
Today, new contributor Amanda shares an amazing article focused on doing smarter shopping for music for your DJ sets. These are practical strategies that you can apply when you next go hunting for tracks on Beatport, Traxsource, Bandcamp,…
Beatport Will Remove Tracks That Have Never Sold
Everyone in the electronic music industry knows there's dramatically more music being released than there is music that people want to listen to or DJ with. But what happens when one of the biggest online stores for digital music starts…
Overview: Why We Dig Arturia’s MicroFreak
Over the next few weeks, we'll be highlighting gear we think is awesome. It'll include some solid new pieces of production, performance, and DJing equipment. Up first is the Arturia MicroFreak, a powerful hardware synth that, at the price…
Super Simple + Fast Sound Design In Ableton Live
If you're a music producer, sometimes you want to be able to crank out ideas quickly in your DAW. For beginner producers, aside from scrolling through and loading device presets, it can be intimidating to make your own instruments from…
Traktor Mod Adds Moving Waveforms to S4MK3s Screen Display
The Traktor Kontrol S4 MK3 is great, but you know what would make it way better? Real moving waveforms, just like a CDJ! One intrepid modder, Joe Easton, has released a $5 mod that allows DJs to use moving waveforms, zoom level, and…
Traktor Pro 3.2 Out Now: Watch Chris Liebing Demo Better Harmonic Mixing In Traktor
There's a new version of Traktor Pro 3.2 that's just been released this morning by Native Instruments. The update is focused primarily on adding features that improve harmonic mixing / key matching functionalities. The new features that…
Streaming Music: what the DJ industry really thinks
Ever wonder what folks at Pioneer DJ, Soundcloud, Denon DJ, Beatport, Dubset, and more think about the future of music in DJ booths? This year at IMS Ibiza, we got to see an awesome panel discussion on "Streaming In The DJ Booth". A number…