This site uses cookies and by continuing to browse it you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Read our cookies policy.
Make it a birthday to remember, with a book they'll never forget. Discover our collection of extraordinary books for everyone on your list, and give them a gift they’ll treasure for years to come. Our books make the perfect gifts for Valentine's Day, Mother's Day, Father's Day and of course, the big day, Christmas!Browse gift ideas
"Here it is - the much-requested book to answer all you...
Discover the most incredible man-made wonders, from Sto...
Explore the everyday miracle of the animal kingdom. Wit...
Taste your way to whisky wisdom. The best way to find o...
The deadliest war in history brought to life through bo...
Discover the compelling stories behind the creation of ...
Explore the profoundly effective power of touch, guided...
Make the most of fresh produce all year round with more...
Thirteen extraordinary habitats to explore.Thirteen unf...
Looking for screen-free activities for your kids? Want ...
This 32-page sticker book includes more than 300 sticke...
This dinosaur encyclopedia takes kids back to the Mesoz...
This DK children's book aged 11-14 is brimming with exc...
This compendium of amazing rocks and minerals, microsco...
Meet famous explorers and adventurers in this exciting ...
The only science encyclopedia for children you'll ever ...
Your journey starts here. This new edition of our Rome ...
Your journey starts here. This new edition of our Pragu...
Discover New York City - star of the silver screen. Whe...
Discover the Italian knack for la dolce vita. Whether y...
Welcome to Amsterdam - a city where the past and presen...
Planning a trip to Washington, DC? Look no further. Whe...
Discover Ireland - land of culture and craic. Whether y...
Your journey starts here. This new edition of our Berli...
Planning a trip to London? Look no further. Whether you...
Your journey starts here. This new edition of our Paris...
Inspire a love of science in your young reader with some of our best children's science books. Covering chemistry, physics, biology, astronomy, techno...
Our range of meditation and mindfulness books for kids include accessible activities and conversation starters, making it fun and easy for parents, te...
For those who like their Vitamin D served alongside a healthy dose of sophistication, Europe’s mainland capitals are the obvious summer choice. Whatev...
Now is the best time to book a late-summer escape. Not only will you avoid the sweltering temperatures and busy tourist crowds that mark the high seas...
© 2019 Dorling Kindersley Limited. Registered Number GB 102838980, England. Registered Office: 80 Strand, London, WC2R 0RL. 'Dorling Kindersley', 'DK', 'Eyewitness' and the open book logo are trade marks of Dorling Kindersley Limited.