The world's #1 Free Zone
Connects
you to a flourishing marketplaceView intro video
Your gateway to global trade, DMCC is the ideal place to grow your business in Dubai, the UAE and beyond.
The world’s No.1 Free Zone and centre of global commodities trading
Here in the heart of Dubai, at the centre of the Jumeirah Lakes Towers district, you will find all you need to live, work and thrive. Made for Trade, DMCC has everything to set up, grow and build your business. Five times crowned ‘Global Free Zone of the Year’ by the Financial Times fDi magazine, it is home to a vibrant community, innovative infrastructure, world-class services and a stunning choice of properties, all minutes from excellent air, sea and road links to the world.
Offering boundless opportunities for global growth, discover DMCC, where business meets the world.
A centre of enterprise in a class of its own
A unique combination of Free Zone status, state of the art commercial and residential property and top-tier commodities and financial services, puts DMCC in a class of its own. Added to this, ongoing investment in the most interconnected, innovative infrastructure and leading business services makes it easy to trade from here. Efficiently, effortlessly, anywhere in the world.
Join a connected marketplace where your business can thrive
Join 16,000 companies, plus 170 new ones who join each month
Join us to keep Dubai at the centre of global business and trade
Your centre for global trade and enterprise
Today, DMCC is the dedicated global centre for more than 16,000 businesses from a wide range of industries and sectors, as diverse as agro, energy and financial services to diamonds, gold and base metals. As a DMCC member, you can access all the advantages of unparalleled trade connections direct to Dubai, the UAE and world’s key commodities markets.
Follow the latest DMCC news
Connect and network with us
In 2017, we were delighted to win the ‘Global Free Zone of the Year’ award from the Financial Times’ fDi magazine for the third consecutive year, in recognition of our commitment to world-class services, innovative infrastructure and connections.