-
Machine
Washable
-
OEKO-TEX
Certified
-
Non-heat
harboring
-
No Harmful
Substances
-
100%
Cotton
-
Child-safe
zipper pulls
-
Travel
Friendly
Best Sellers
Toy Arch for Deluxe+ Pod Pristine White
Deluxe+ Pod Pristine White
Toy Set Cheeky Chums
Deluxe+ Pod La Vie en Rose
Grand Pod Pristine White
Deluxe+ Pod Signature Grey
Deluxe+ Pod Cyclo
Deluxe+ Pod Carrara Marble
Toy Arch for Deluxe+ Pod Aqua/White Stripe
Deluxe+ Pod Natural Buffalo
Deluxe+ Pod Mariniere
Spare Cover (Deluxe+) Strawberry Cream
Deluxe+
For infants 0-8+ months
The Deluxe+ pod is the ultimate docking station for your baby. Multifunctional and multitasking, the Sleepyhead Deluxe+ offers a safe and comfy spot that lets baby rest, lounge, play, cuddle, do tummy time and get diaper changes.
Facilitates Tummy Time
Sleepyhead is the ideal spot to have tummy time. Tummy time can help babies develop neck strength and motor skills when they are awake and ready to play. Closely supervise baby during tummy time.
Reinventing the Womb
Sleepyhead has been designed to offer a snug and soothing environment for babies. Many babies prefer a nurturing, cozy surrounding that mimics the mother’s womb.
Ideal for Co-sleeping
With rounded, dense sides, the Sleepyhead Deluxe+ helps give baby their own cozy space. Must be used in an adult bed properly.
Grand
For toddlers 9 - 36 months
A true multitasker, the Sleepyhead Grand is perfect for cuddling, playing, lounging, resting and everything in between. It's also ideal for transitioning into a bed when your little one is ready, thanks to the rounded sides that help children settle more easily and reduce the risk of falling out of bed.
Portable/ Multi-Functional
Relaxing, playing and resting, toddlers enjoy the comfort of their own personal space created by the Grand dock.
Travel Friendly
Bring the comfort of your child’s bed with you on the road. The Sleepyhead Grand is lightweight and simple to travel with when used with its own Grand Transport Bag.
Eases Crib-to-bed Transition
With rounded and raised sides, the Grand can help a child get comfortable with a new toddler or big-kid bed when they are ready.