Online Doctor Consultation!
Welcome to Docprime. Briefly describe your symptom or health concern (e.g. I have a fever).11:48 PM
BLK Super Speciality Hospital
Nanavati Hospital, Vile Parle, Mumbai
Majestic Hospital
Poddar Nursing Home
Goyal Hospital & Urology Center
IndoGulf Hospital & Diagnostics
Manas Hospital - Noida
Saifee Hospital Mumbai
PSRI Hospital, Delhi
Batra Hospital & Medical Research Centre, Delhi
Charak Hospital
Jaypee Hospital Noida, Sectore 128
Venkateshwar Hospital Dwarka, Delhi
Aakash Healthcare Super Speciality Hospital, Delhi
Artemis Hospital
Wockhardt Hospital Mumbai Central
Sarvodaya Hospital and Research Centre
Ayushman Hospital Dwarka, Delhi
Wockhardt Hospital Nashik
CK Birla Hospital For Women Gurgaon
Thyrocare Aarogyam B (60 tests)
₹ 700
Swasthfit Super 2 Health Checkup (36 tests)
₹ 999₹ 2370
Thyrocare Aarogyam C (63 tests)
₹ 1000
Medlife Kushal Comprehensive 1 (73 tests)
₹ 1149₹ 3750
Swasthfit Super 1 Health Checkup (15 tests)
₹ 799₹ 1840
Elementary Screening Package (37 tests)
₹ 399
Medlife Kushal Advanced (68 tests)
₹ 849₹ 2375
The enormously low ratio of doctors to patients is one of the biggest challenges for the country’s healthcare system. And that’s why docprime endeavors to bridge the gap between doctors and patients with our cutting-edge technology powered platform to deliver high-quality healthcare anytime anywhere.
A group company of Policybazaar, docprime gives you access to highly skilled registered medical practitioner so that you can avail hospital-quality healthcare right from the comfort of your home. The company aims to bring back the concept of a family doctor with its ever-so-growing network of healthcare professionals to make high-quality medical assistance available right at your fingertips.
With a team of highly-skilled doctors, AI-enabled Chatbot technology and, an easy-to-navigate, user-friendly interface, docprime is all set to beat arduous health challenges and ensure easy access to qualified doctors for billions of people, creating an experience that’s truly delightful for both end-users and healthcare experts.
Docprime for Patients
Ask a Doctor & get answers for your health queries for free or indulge in a one-on-one online consultation, at any time and from anywhere. Simply visit our website and start interacting with best-in-class healthcare experts from various specialties.
Why wait in long queues to book an appointment with the doctor of your choice, when you can easily do it online and that too at a much lower price?Find some of the best doctors near you; check their doctor profiles, and book an appointment online with the doctor of your choice get 50% off on booking fees, all with just a few clicks and in a matter of a few minutes.
Discover the best diagnostic centres near you from our huge inventory and book appointments at the diagnostic centre of your choice, in just a few clicks. So book diagnostic tests today and get up to 50% off.
Docprime for Doctors
Are you a doctor or a healthcare expert? Use docprime to increase your visibility manifold, reach out to a wider range of patients and grow your practice without having to run from pillar to post.
Take the hassle out of your practice and focus better on your patients. Automate everything right from appointment management to payment tracking and just focus on providing the highest quality of treatment to their patients.
Docprime Services
Book lab test right from the comfort of your home. Get amazing discounts on lab tests and get samples collected and report delivered, right at your doorsteps.
Our aim to ensure a healthy lifestyle for everyone and in order to do that our knowledge-packed health feed offers information on various diseases, symptoms, and medicines.
Answer: Yes! You can ask your medical questions for free. Alternatively, you may also download docprime App, available at Google Play Store and App Store, for free and ask a free health question to our doctors. Typically, our doctors will answer your query within 24 working hours after receiving your query.
Answer: Our team of doctors is dedicated to helping you understand your medical issues and identify the next steps that may include lab tests, medications, or tips to improve medical conditions. No matter what your medical questions are, our doctors will be able to point you in the right direction towards the improvement of your health.
Answer: Rest assured, our team of doctors will never miss out on responding to your medical questions. If you, still, don’t get a response, do leave us a message at our social media pages or call us up at our toll-free number and our team of experts will love to assist you.
Answer: We have a hand-picked highly-qualified team of doctors across various specialties. Rest assured, any doctor that you will be consulting at docprime will be a verified, highly-skilled healthcare practitioner.
Answer: Yes! We respect the privacy of every individual. That’s why we make sure that all your private and personal information is not shared with any third-party. In addition, every consultation on docprime is private and confidential.
Exclusive
Discounts