Banned Trans Fats Linked to Higher Dementia Risk: Study4:00 PM CDT. Read article
- New Drug on the Horizon for Flu’s Ills?
- AHA News: 5 Scary Health Facts to Spook You This Halloween
- Language Barriers May Mean Repeat Visits to the Hospital
- Obesity May Be Upping Rates of Pancreatic Cancer Worldwide
JOURNAL UPDATE
Serum Elaidic Acid Levels Tied to Dementia, Alzheimer Disease7:00 PM CDT. Higher serum elaidic acid levels linked to increased risk for all-cause dementia, not vascular dementia
- Poor Health Literacy Tied to More Hardships Among Cancer Survivors
- CVD Risk Declines When BP Meds Taken at Bedtime
- Neurodegenerative Disease Deaths Up in Former Soccer Players
MONTHLY JOURNAL SUMMARY
September 2019 Briefing - PharmacyOctober 01, 2019. The Monthly Journal Summary is a single article covering the most important journal articles published in the previous 30 days.
FEATURED ARTICLES
Immunotherapy with Checkpoint Inhibitors in Triple Negative Breast Cancer (TNBC)Karima Oualla, MD. Dr. Karima Oualla discusses recent advances on the use of checkpoint inhibitors in the treatment of triple negative breast cancer (TNBC). Dr. Oualla is an International expert in breast cancer and is the primary author of the manuscript entitled "Novel therapeutic strategies in the treatment of triple-negative…
Rucaparib Maintenance Therapy Improves PFS in Platinum-sensitive Ovarian Cancer - The ARIEL3 TrialRobert L. Coleman, MD. Professor Robert L. Coleman M.D., FACOG, FACS discusses the implications of data from the Phase 3 ARIEL3 trial of the novel PARP inhibitor rucaparib as maintenance therapy in patients with platinum-sensitive ovarian cancer. Professor Coleman is the Vice Chair of Clinical Research in the Department of…
Investigational Topical Minocycline Gel for Acne Advances to Phase III DevelopmentTed Lain, MD. Clinical trial investigator Dr. Ted Lain comments on the results of the OPAL study, a Phase 2b clinical trial which evaluated the efficacy of a novel topical gel formulation of the antibiotic minocycline (BPX-01) in reducing the number of inflammatory lesions in patients with moderate-to-severe inflammatory,…
MEDICAL FOCUS
TriamtereneBy Tamer M. Fouad, M.D. Triamterene is a potassium-sparing diuretic used in combination with thiazide diuretics for the treatment of hypertension and edema.
DISCUSSION
RE: Investigational Topical Minocycline Gel for Acne Advances to Phase III DevelopmentBy namabc
As I understand, this is a great step of development that we can use to save many people from horrible diseases. and i also hope Dr.Lain and your partners…
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Sunday Times - Doctors Lounge Voted top 10 best ‘Ask an expert’ website
Times Online / The Sunday Times voted Doctors Lounge as 3rd best ‘Ask an expert’ website.