GET UP TO$12,750 IN TOTAL DISCOUNTS
Can we stay in touch ?
We’ll send you updates & offers on Dodge vehicles
Image for representation only. Not all colours and wheels are available on model displayed. Please see your dealer or visit Build & Price for full option details.
When properly equipped. Specific model and optional equipment are required to achieve the maximum ratings shown. See your retailer for full details.
Based on EnerGuide fuel consumption ratings. Government of Canada test methods used. Your actual fuel consumption will vary based on driving habits and other factors. Use for comparison purposes only. Ask your retailer for EnerGuide information. When properly equipped. Specific model and optional equipment are required to achieve the maximum ratings shown. See your retailer for full details.
"Starting at" price represents the Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Price (MSRP) for the base model minus Total Discounts (where applicable). Price does not include taxes, freight (from $1,895 to $2,595), insurance, registration, licence, A/C charge, retailer administration fees and other charges, and new tire duties (in Quebec). Model shown may be an upgraded model. Total Discounts may vary from time to time and may vary considerably by model and trim. Total Discounts include Consumer Cash Discounts, which are applied before taxes, and/or Bonus Cash Discounts, which are applied after taxes. Retailers may sell for less. See your retailer for complete details.
These official ratings are estimates based on Government of Canada approved criteria and testing methods. The actual fuel consumption of this vehicle may differ depending on driving style, road conditions, vehicle options, etc.
Certain specifications, prices and equipment data have been provided under license from Autodata, Inc. dba Chrome Data (“Chrome Data”). ©2017 Autodata, Inc. All rights reserved. This information is supplied for personal use only and may not be used for any commercial purpose whatsoever without the express written consent of Chrome Data. Chrome Data makes no guarantee or warranty, either expressed or implied, including without limitation any warranty of merchantability or fitness for particular purpose, with respect to the data presented here. All specifications, prices and equipment are subject to change without notice.
Estimated payments based on "Net Amount", which represents the "Starting At" price plus freight (from $1,895 to $2,595), federal A/C charge and applicable green levy charges. Net Amount does not include taxes, insurance, registration, licence, retailer administration fees and new tire duties (in Quebec). Estimated payments are calculated based on the difference between the residual value and the Net Amount, plus any lease finance charges. Estimated payments will vary depending on down payment/trade.Low lease kilometre limit of 18,000 km/year. Charge of $0.16 - $0.20 per excess kilometre will be applied, plus applicable taxes at lease termination. The APR is the effective interest rate which includes the Consumer Cash which lower rate financing customers forego as a cost of borrowing. For further offer details, click here.
Offer based on "Net Amount", which represents the "Starting at" price plus freight (from $1,895 to $2,595), federal A/C and applicable Green Levy charges. Net Amount does not include taxes, insurance, registration, licence, retailer administration fees and new tire duties (in Quebec). On approved credit on eligible retail deliveries. Retailers may sell for less. See your retailer for complete details. The APR is the effective interest rate which includes the Consumer Cash which lower rate financing customers forego as a cost of borrowing. For further offer details, click here.
Provincial electric vehicle incentive programs are administered independently by British Columbia, Ontario and Quebec. FCA Canada Inc. is not responsible for the administration of these incentive programs, which are subject to change or cancellation by the applicable province without notice. The incentive amounts referenced by FCA Canada are for informational purposes only and represent the maximum incentive amount provided by the applicable province on eligible vehicles. FCA Canada makes no representations about the actual amount of the incentive that a consumer may be eligible to receive and/or about a consumer’s/vehicle’s eligibility for an incentive program. Each province will determine: (i) the amount of the incentive applicable to each eligible model; and (ii) the terms and conditions, eligibility, application and other requirements applicable to the incentive program. In Ontario and Quebec, the incentive will be applied after taxes. In British Columbia, the incentive will be applied before taxes. Conditions apply. For more information about these incentive programs, please consult your provincial government or speak with your dealer.
Total Discounts include Consumer Cash Discounts, which are applied before taxes, and/or Bonus Cash Discounts, which are applied after taxes. Total Discounts may vary from time to time and may vary considerably by model and trim. Retailers may sell for less. See your retailer for complete details.
2018, 2019, 2020 Chrysler, Jeep®, Dodge and Ram vehicles are backed by a 5-year or 100,000-kilometre fully transferable Powertrain Limited Warranty (Whichever comes first. Some conditions may apply. + The 5-year/100,000-kilometre Powertrain Limited Warranty does not apply to vehicles sold for certain commercial uses. See your retailer for full details.) with $0 deductible plus 24-hour roadside assistance. + SRT vehicles are backed by a 3-year or 60,000-kilometre fully transferable Powertrain Limited Warranty (Whichever comes first. Some conditions may apply.) with $0 deductible plus 24-hour roadside assistance. Basic Warranty coverage is for 3 years or 60,000 kilometres. (Whichever comes first. Some conditions may apply.) Rust-through coverage on all body sheet metal is for 3 years. The Cummins Turbo Diesel engine is protected by a separate Limited Warranty, covering the engine for 5 years or 160,000 kilometres. (Whichever comes first. Some conditions may apply.)
Save the Freight offer applies to 2019 Dodge Grand Caravan 35th Anniversary models (29B) only. Offer available at all participating dealers, while quantities last.
$12,645 in Total Discounts is available on select 2019 Dodge Grand Caravan 35th Anniversary models (29B) and consists of $10,750 in Consumer Cash and $1,895 in No Charge Freight. Consumer Cash Discounts are applied before taxes. See your dealer for details.
Purchase Prices in Ontario, Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba, and British Columbia include Consumer Cash Discounts and other incentives (where applicable), freight ($1,795 - $2,595), air conditioning charge, OMVIC/AMVIC fee and tire levy and exclude taxes, licence, insurance, any retailer administration fees and other retailer charges (if applicable) and other applicable fees and charges. Quebec Purchase Prices include Consumer Cash Discounts and other incentives (where applicable), freight ($1,795 - $2,595), and air conditioning charge, and exclude only licence, insurance, duties on new tires ($15) and applicable taxes, which will be required on purchase. In the rest of Canada, Purchase Prices include Consumer Cash Discounts and other incentives (where applicable) and exclude freight ($1,795 - $2,595), air conditioning charge, licence, insurance, any retailer administration fees and other retailer charges (if applicable) and other applicable fees and taxes. Retailers may sell for less. See participating retailers for complete details.
"Base Price with Destination" price represents the Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Price (MSRP) plus freight ($1,895 to $2,595), A/C charge and federal green levy. Base Price with Destination does not include Total Discounts, options, taxes, insurance, registration, licence, dealer administration fees and other dealer charges, and new tire duties (in Quebec). Model shown may be an upgraded model. Total Discounts may vary from time to time and may vary considerably by model and trim. Total Discounts include Consumer Cash Discounts, which are applied before taxes, and/or Bonus Cash Discounts, which are applied after taxes. Dealers may sell for less. See your dealer for complete details.
This includes the base MSRP, available discounts, options, green levy, destination, federal AC charge and finance adjustment values entered (down payment, trade-in and owe on trade).
In ON/BC/SASK/ALTA/MAN and QC, Dealer Price includes freight, A/C, OMVIC/AMVIC fee, tire levy, administration charges and all other retailer charges and excludes taxes, licence, insurance, and new tire duties (in QC). In the Maritimes and the Territories, Dealer Price may not include freight ($1,895), A/C, tire levy, administration and other dealer charges, and excludes taxes, licence and insurance. Pricing and offers are subject to change without notice and may not be accurate or completely current. See dealer for complete details.
Net Amount represents the base MSRP price plus optional equipment, plus freight, applicable federal A/C and green levy charges minus available discounts and any finance adjustment values entered (down payment, trade-in and owe on trade). In ON/BC/SASK/ALTA/MAN and QC, Net Amount includes all dealer charges and excludes taxes (unless selected), licence, insurance, and new tire duties (in QC). In the Maritimes and the Territories, Net Amount may not include dealer charges and excludes taxes (unless selected), licence and insurance. Pricing and offers are subject to change without notice and may not be accurate or completely current. Dealers may sell for less. See dealer for complete details.
Dealers may charge additional fees for administration/pre-delivery and anti-theft/safety products. Please see dealer for details.
"MSRP" represents the Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Price including freight. Price does not include taxes, insurance, registration, licence, retailer administration fees and other charges, and new tire duties (in Quebec). Retailers may sell for less. See your retailer for complete details.
Please consult a dealership or call the AutoAbility Program Headquarters for details on eligible vehicles, eligible equipment, eligibility requirements and program expiration dates.
Based on the latest available competitive information for minivans in the WardsAuto Small Van segment. Excludes other vehicles designed and manufactured by FCA US LLC.
Driving while distracted can result in loss of vehicle control. Only use mobile phones and other devices, even with voice commands, when it is safe to do so. Voice commands of phone require a Bluetooth compatible phone.
No system can repeal the laws of physics or overcome careless driving actions. Performance is limited by available traction, which snow, ice and other conditions can affect. When the warning lamp flashes, the driver needs to use less throttle and adapt speed and driving behaviour to prevailing road conditions.
This is a driver convenience system, not a substitute for active driver involvement. The driver must remain aware of their surroundings and be prepared to take corrective action to avoid collisions.
Requires SiriusXM Radio subscriptions governed by SIRIUS terms and conditions available at siriusxm.ca.
Always sit properly with the head restraint properly adjusted. Never place anything in front of the head restraint.
Never program while driving. GPS mapping and available 3D navigation may not be detailed or available in all areas or reflect current road regulations.
The advanced front air bags in this vehicle are certified to the federal regulations for advanced air bags. Children 12 years old and younger should always ride buckled up in a rear seat. Infants in rear-facing child restraints should never ride in the front seat of a vehicle with a passenger front air bag. All occupants should always wear their lap and shoulder belts properly.
Not compatible with all garage door openers.
Driving while distracted can result in loss of vehicle control. Only use mobile phones and other devices, even with voice controls, when it is safe to do so. Apple CarPlay requires a compatible iPhone connected via USB cable to the Uconnect® system. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Inc. Data plan rates may apply. Android Auto requires the Android Auto app on Google Play and AndroidTM compatible smartphone running Android 5.0 Lollipop or higher. Android Auto is a trademark of Google LLC.
Based on WardsAuto Mid-size Sport Utility segmentation and combined horsepower and torque ratings. Excludes other vehicles designed and manufactured by FCA US LLC.
Based on WardsAuto Middle Sport/Utility segmentation against competitor base model standard engines. Based on combined highway/city EnerGuide fuel consumption ratings. Government of Canada test methods used. Your actual fuel consumption will vary based on driving habits and other factors.12.7 L/100 km (22 mpg) city 9.6 L/100 km (29 mpg) highway on Durango base models equipped with the 3.6L Pentastar VVT V6 and 8-speed automatic.
Based on WardsAuto Mid-size Sport Utility segmentation. Excludes other vehicles designed and manufactured by FCA US LLC.
Dodge Durango - Based on WardsAuto Middle Sport/Utility segmentation.
Based on IHSMarkit Automotive Canadian New Vehicle Total Registrations for combined years 2013 to CYTD August 2018.
Fastest, quickest and most powerful claim based on Dodge Charger SRT® Hellcat model. Excludes non mass production vehicles. ¼ mile times based on NHRA certified testing.
Based on WardsAuto Large/Regular Car segmentation and EnerGuide fuel consumption ratings. Government of Canada test methods used. Your actual fuel consumption will vary based on driving habits and other factors. 12.4 L/100 km (23 mpg) city and 7.8 L/100 km (36 mpg) highway on Dodge Charger RWD with 3.6L PentastarTM VVT V6 engine and 8-speed automatic transmission. Ask your retailer for EnerGuide information.
Based on WardsAuto Large/Regular Car segmentation and EnerGuide fuel consumption ratings. Government of Canada test methods used. Your actual fuel consumption will vary based on driving habits and other factors. 12.8 L/100 km (22 mpg) city and 8.7 L/100 km (32 mpg) highway on Dodge Charger AWD with 3.6L PentastarTM VVT V6 engine and 8-speed automatic transmission. Ask your retailer for EnerGuide information.
Based on the latest available competitive information and WardsAuto Large Regular vehicle segmentation. Excludes other vehicles designed and manufactured by FCA US LLC.
Integrated booster seats are only for children between 120 and 145 centimetres (47 and 57 inches) in height, weighing between 22 and 38 kilograms (48 and 85 pounds). Always fasten seat belts properly.
Based on IHSMarkit Automotive Canadian New Vehicle Total Regiteststrations from CYE 2011 - 2015 and CYTD July 2016 for the FCA custom Large Pickup HD Segment which includes: RAM and Dodge 2500/3500 Series Pickup Trucks, Chevrolet and GMC 2500/3500 Series Pickup Trucks and Ford F250/F350 Pickup Trucks.
Based on IHSMarkit Automotive Canadian New Vehicle Total Registrations with 8 Cylinder engines for combined years 2013 to CYTD August 2018.
Excludes non mass production vehicles and hybrids. NHRA certified 10.8 second ¼ mile time @ 202 km/h with street legal drag radial tires. NHRA certified 11.2 second ¼ mile time @ 201 km/h with production tires.
Based on the latest available competitive information and WardsAuto Middle Specialty vehicle segmentation.
Based on automotive awards for minivans 1984 through 2018.
Based on WardsAuto Mid-size Sport Utility segmentation.
Oil change intervals will vary based on excessive engine run times, operating conditions, maintenance schedules, and driving habits. See your dealer for full details.
Based on the latest available competitive information for minivans in the WardsAuto Small Van segment. Excludes other vehicles designed and manufactured by FCA US LLC. When properly equipped.
Preset voice to text messaging and incoming text message reading requires a MAP enabled phone.
Siri Eyes Free requires an iPhone equipped with Siri. Certain features not available while the vehicle is in motion. iPhone must be within active cellular range. Customer's existing iPhone data rates apply to internet supported features.
Only available with automatic transmissions.
Phone must support Bluetooth Phone Book Access Profile (PBAP).
All SiriusXM Guardian-equipped vehicles come with a 12-month trial effective on the date of purchase or lease of a new vehicle. Enrollment in the trial is required to receive service. Upon expiration of the trial period, purchase of a subscription is required to continue SiriusXM Guardian. Services can only be used where cellular coverage is available. See Uconnect® and SiriusXM Guardian Terms of Service for complete service limitations.
Based on the latest available competitive information and WardsAuto Middle Cross Utility segmentation. Excludes other vehicles designed and manufactured by FCA US LLC. Based on availability of I-4 and V6 powertrains, front-wheel drive and all-wheel drive, 5 and 7 passenger seating, second-row removable in-floor storage bins and integrated child booster seats.
Based on the latest available competitive information and WardsAuto Middle Cross Utility segmentation.
Based on the latest available competitive information and WardsAuto Middle Cross Utility segmentation. Excludes other vehicles designed and manufactured by FCA US LLC.
Based on WardsAuto Mid-size Sport Utility segmentation. When properly equipped. Excludes other vehicles designed and manufactured by FCA US LLC.
Based on EnerGuide fuel consumption ratings. Government of Canada test methods used. Your actual fuel consumption will vary based on driving habits and other factors. Use for comparison purposes only. Ask your retailer for EnerGuide information.
Based on the latest available competitive information.
Excludes non mass production vehicles and hybrids. NHRA certified 9.65 second ¼ mile time @225 km/h.
WardsAuto - Wards 10 Best Engines of 2011, 2012 and 2013 - 3.6L PentastarTM V6
Based on 1/4 mile time and towing capacity. Excludes low volume production vehicles.
Based on 1/4 mile time and towing capacity. Based on HP and Torque. Excludes low volume production vehicles.
When equipped with Remote Start.
Based on EnerGuide highway fuel consumption ratings and fuel tank options. Government of Canada test methods used. Your actual fuel consumption will vary based on driving habits and other factors. Ask your dealer for the EnerGuide information. 9.2L / 100 km (31 mpg) highway and 12.7L /100 km (22 mpg) city on Dodge Journey 4x2 models equipped with the 2.4LDOHC 16V Dual VVT I-4 engine and 4-speed automatic transmission. Miles per gallon (MPG) ratings based on imperial gallon.
Based on EnerGuide highway fuel consumption ratings and fuel tank options. Government of Canada test methods used. Your actual fuel consumption will vary based on driving habits and other factors. Ask your dealer for the EnerGuide information. 9.5L / 100 km (30 mpg) highway and 14.2L /100 km (20 mpg) city on Dodge Journey 4x2 models equipped with the 3.6L PentastarTM engine and 6-speed automatic transmission. Miles per gallon (MPG) ratings based on imperial gallon.
Based on EnerGuide highway fuel consumption ratings and fuel tank options. Government of Canada test methods used. Your actual fuel consumption will vary based on driving habits and other factors. Ask your dealer for the EnerGuide information. 10L / 100 km (28 mpg) highway and 14.5L /100 km (19 mpg) city on Dodge Journey 4x4 models equipped with the 3.6L PentastarTM engine and 6-speed automatic transmission. Miles per gallon (MPG) ratings based on imperial gallon.
Obey the rules of the road.
Based on WardsAuto Large/Regular Car segmentation and EnerGuide fuel consumption ratings. Government of Canada test methods used. Your actual fuel consumption will vary based on driving habits and other factors. 12.4 L/100 km (23 mpg) city and 7.8 L/100 km (36 mpg) highway on Dodge Charger RWD with 3.6L Pentastar™ VVT V6 engine and 8-speed automatic transmission. 12.8 L/100 km (22 mpg) city and 8.7 L/100 km (32 mpg) highway on Dodge Charger AWD with 3.6L Pentastar VVT V6 engine and 8-speed automatic transmission. Ask your retailer for EnerGuide information.
Based on current competitive information for 2017 Ford Interceptor Sedan.
Wifi Hotspot available through third-party subscription. Requires Internet-enabled mobile device. See dealer for details. This feature is not intended for use by the driver while the vehicle is in motion. Always drive carefully.
Vehicle Health Report provides a summary of your vehicle’s key systems, including the status of malfunction indicator lamps. If you have concerns about the operation, function or performance of your vehicle, take it to an authorized FCA Canada Inc.
Professional driver on a closed course. Do not attempt.
Based on vehicles available in the U.S. market. Vehicle’s projected resale value is specific to the 2019 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book’s KBB.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co., Inc.
Professional driver on a closed course. Do not attempt.
Based on Dodge Grand Caravan CVP average transaction price 2018 YTD compared to competitive models.
The advanced front air bags in this vehicle are certified to the federal regulations for advanced air bags. Children 12 years old and younger should always ride buckled up in a rear seat. Infants in rear-facing child restraints should never ride in the front seat of a vehicle with a passenger front air bag. All occupants should always wear their lap and shoulder belts properly.
This is a driver convenience system, not a substitute for active driver involvement. The driver must remain aware of their surroundings and be prepared to take corrective action to avoid collisions.
No system can repeal the laws of physics or overcome careless driving actions. Performance is limited by available traction, which snow, ice and other conditions can affect. When the warning lamp flashes, the driver needs to use less throttle and adapt speed and driving behaviour to prevailing road conditions.
Pacifica unsurpassed fuel efficiency disclaimer: Based on EnerGuide fuel consumption ratings for non-hybrid minivans in the WardsAuto Small Van segment. 12.9 L/100 km (22 mpg) city. 2018 Chrysler Pacifica with 3.6L PentastarTM VVT V6 engine and 9-speed automatic transmission. Government of Canada test methods used. Your actual fuel consumption will vary based on driving habits and other factors.
Offer for Apple Music in Canada begins May 1, 2018 to April 30, 2019 with retail purchase/lease of qualifying new Chrysler, Jeep, Dodge, FIAT and Ram vehicles. New Apple Music subscribers get 6 months free. Existing Apple Music subscribers get 3 months free. Not for resale and no cash value. Requires iTunes account. See dealer for details. Apple is a registered trademark of Apple Inc.
Apple is not a sponsor of this promotion.
Requires iOS equipped device. Visit www.apple.com/ca/ios/carplay/ for details.
Offer for Apple Music in Canada begins July 10, 2019 with retail purchase or lease of qualifying FCA Canada Inc. vehicles. Offer expires June 30, 2020. Offer applies to Apple Music individual membership only. New Apple Music subscribers get 6 months free. Existing Apple Music subscribers get 3 months free. Not for resale and no cash value. Plan automatically renews after free offer period. Compatible products, services and a valid iTunes account are required. Apple Music is a trademark of Apple Inc. Apple is not a sponsor of this promotion.
On select models
Based on EnerGuide fuel consumption ratings. Government of Canada test methods used. Your actual fuel consumption will vary based on driving habits and other factors. For EnerGuide information, please ask your retailer or visit the Government of Canada website:
www.vehicles.nrcan.gc.ca. Le/100 km is an equivalent measure of gasoline fuel consumption for electric energy consumed by Plug-in Hybrid Electric Vehicles (PHEV) operating in electric mode during city driving. Miles per gallon equivalent (MPGe) ratings based on imperial gallon. Use for comparisons only.
Consumer Guide® is a registered trademark of Publications International, Ltd. www.consumerguide.com
Based on the latest available competitive information for minivans in the WardsAuto Small Van segment. Excludes other vehicles designed and manufactured by FCA US LLC. When properly equipped.
Based on the latest available competitive information for minivans in the WardsAuto Small Van segment. Excludes other vehicles designed and manufactured by FCA US LLC. When properly equipped.
Total discounts of up to $12,750 are offered on new 2019 Dodge Grand Caravan models and consist of up to $10,750 in Consumer Cash (deducted before taxes) and $2,000 in Ultimate Family Bonus Cash (excludes CVP and SXT models, deducted after taxes). This offer cannot be combined with low rate financing. Learn more from your dealer or by visiting Build & Price.
Total discounts of up to $10,605 are offered on new 2019 Dodge Charger models and consist of up to $10,605 in Consumer Cash (deducted before taxes) equivalent to $15 per horsepower of the selected model. This offer cannot be combined with low rate financing. Learn more from your dealer or by visiting Build & Price.