DomainKing.NG is a Nigerian Domain Registrar accredited with African & Asian Domain Registries. We offer Domain Names, Web Hosting, Wordpress Hosting, SSL & Websites.
Copyright Notice © 2016 Hannu Internet Corp. All rights reserved.
DomainKing.NG: A Leading Domain Registrar & Web Hosting Company in Nigeria
DomainKing is Nigeria's #1 Domain Name Registrar & Web Hosting Company with operations in over 4 countries including Nigeria. We are accredited with over 16 Asian, African & Global Domain Registries including NiRA (.NG Domain Registry), ZACR (.ZA), DotPH (.PH), NIXI(.IN), .PW & CentralNic to bring the best services to our clients at the lowest prices.
Our primary services are Domain Name Registration, Web Hosting, Wordpress Hosting & Website Design to our clients since 2008. You can securely buy any of our services with local payment options in Nigeria like Interswitch/Verve Cards, Visa/Mastercard, GT Bank Transfer, GT Bank Cash Deposit, Voguepay, Cash Envoy & Etranzact/PocketMini. Nigerian & International clients can also pay us with global payment methods like: Paypal, Payza & Webmoney.
DomainKing Advantage
Our motto at DomainKing is Complete Control to our clients at the best prices.
Domain Name Registration
At DomainKing we take pride in providing secure, reliable & affordable Domain Registration to all our clients as our main business. That is why we offer the best industry prices not only for new domains registered with us but also for Domain Renewals & hassle free Domain Transfers to us.
You can easily register any domain name of your choice with us. We offer several global domain extensions including major TLDs like .com, .net, .biz, .org & also popular ccTLDs including .ng (NIRA), .com.ng, .in, .co.in, .co, .co.uk, .pw and many other popular domain extensions. Our domain registration prices start from as low as N900.
All the domain names registered with us come with 24x7 Support & many free services worth over N10,000 including Free DNS Service, Free Privacy Protection to hide your whois information from spammers & data miners, Free Domain Forwarding, Unlimited Mail Forwards, Domain Theft Protection & Registrar Lock to prevent Unauthorized domain transfer.
Web Hosting in Nigeria
DomainKing is a leading Web Hosting provider with over 6000 websites hosted on our servers globally. We offer highly reliable & affordable Website Hosting Solutions to both Individuals & businesses of all sizes in Nigeria. Our Web Hosting Plans are all that you would ever need to get your website online. Our Hosting Plans start from N133/mo & come with a free .com/.com.ng domain name.
You can also buy our Wordpress Hosting built especially for Bloggers & Wordpress users considering their high resource needs. Our Wordpress Blog Hosting Plans start from N3200/yr and include a free .com/.com.ng domain.
All our Web Hosting plans come with 24/7 Support for Wordpress, Joomla, Ecommerce, PHP, Python, Perl, MySQL and cPanel for Linux & plesk for Windows etc.
Need Help?
We provide 24/7 support for all our services. If you have any queries about any of our services, feel free to contact us by Support Ticket or fill out the contact form given at the Contact Page. We reply to all the issues & questions in less than 8 hours (max).