DIY Home Pest Control, Lawn Care, Gardening and Animal Care Products and Supplies
We all have problems and are in need of solutions that work. DoMyOwn has been helping people control pest infestations in homes and properties, businesses, lawns, and gardens for years. We know this industry and have the best pest control products and supplies to enable people to get rid of pests, insects, weeds, and lawn diseases on their own, without having to pay a pest control company or lawn care company for their costly treatments and services.
We are continually adding new products and information to help you stay on top of the most recent developments in DIY pest management. “Do it yourself” pest control products are becoming more common as people are becoming more educated on the subject. Whether you’re in need of termite control, ant control, bed bug control, crawling insect control, or want to get rid of all those carpenter bees, we have all the professional grade pest products and pesticides you'll need to get results and protect your home from nearly every kind of bug, rodent, or animal. We can help you capture and aid in relocation of trapped critters and rodents. Even with the recent uptick in stink bug infestations across the eastern United States, DoMyOwn is leading the industry with exclusive stink bug control products and a professional stink bug trap.
Affordable Pest Control Solutions
DoMyOwn.com is based on the principle of saving you money. Our average customers easily save up to 70% vs. hiring an exterminator! Our goal is to provide you with the most up-to-date, easy to use pest management solutions on the market that professional pest control companies and exterminators use, but at a fraction of the cost. We have the most current selection of professional grade traps, baits, sprays, insecticide, rodenticides, and other supplies you need to get rid of any type of pest, including professional products for rodent control and roach control and all crawling insects. We even carry glyphosate herbicide and a wide selection of natural and organic pest control products for some non-toxic, environmental methods of control!
Why buy the expensive name brands when you can buy the same pesticide active ingredients and insecticide and do it yourself for significantly less? Did you know that the average cost to hire an exterminator to do a general spray treatment around the outside of your home is about $70 per application, but that you can buy a bottle of Talstar or Bifen IT, and do it yourself for around $4 per application? That's a lot of money back in your pocket! So whether spraying, baiting, dusting, spreading, fogging, or misting, doing your own pest control is the way to go, especially since we will help you find the right chemicals and supplies for the pest(s) you are dealing with.
We carry the products the professionals use, even safer options with low toxicity, like Insect Growth Regulators that disrupt and stop the life cycle of many insect pests. Give us a call at 866-581-7378 and we'll guide you through our active ingredients section to help you find exactly what you need for maximum pest resistance and control, help you identify your pest issue, or even walk you through the process of how to get rid of bed bugs yourself. We are dedicated to helping you find the most affordable and effective solutions to your pest extermination problems.
Doing Your Own Pest Control Is Safe and Easy
No matter what your task is outdoors, taking on that blanket of mosquitoes that is constantly hovering around your house, learning how to get rid of roaches, or trying to get rid of all the disgusting indoor pests and critters, we can show you just how simple and safe it is to make your home pest-free. We will help in the eliminating of insect pests and the removal instructions for nuisance mammals. We will also show you some preventative measures you can take to ensure your home is never infested with unwanted pests and show you the right pest control equipment you will need to be effective and have the right protection against these insect and mammal pests. Let us help you get started and you’ll see just how easy it is to do your own pest control!
FREE Pest Control Advice
DoMyOwn.com has an experienced staff of certified specialists so you get expert do-it-yourself (DIY) pest control, lawn care, gardening, and animal care advice and training for FREE! We are based in Atlanta, Georgia and ship nationwide. We want to be your main DIY store, the website you come to for all your residential and commercial pest control and lawn care products and advice. Call us today at 866-581-7378 or order online!
At DoMyOwn, we are committed to providing outstanding customer service. Our team of experts are here to answer your questions and guide you to the products that are right for you. Check out our Q&A page with thousands of questions and answers asked by other DIYers, or contact our support team.
Fast Free Shipping
We always offer Fast, Free standard shipping on all orders to the continental United States, and most orders leave our warehouse within one business day. If you need your order sooner, we also offer expedited shipping options during checkout. Please see our Shipping Policy for complete details.
90 Day No Hassle Return Policy
We make returns easy. If your products are unopened and in a re-sellable condition, we'll be glad to take a return as long as we receive your items within 90 days of the date of purchase. You can even initiate the return online! Please see our full no hassle return policy for complete details.
Professional Grade Products
We sell the same products that professional pest control and lawn care companies use. That means you're getting the best and most effective products available.