11 October, 2020
Congratulations, dear user! You are our today's lucky winner!
Today, on 11 October, 2020 you were randomly selected to participate in this survey. It only takes a minute and you will receive your prize - a voucher of $1,000!
Every Sunday we give away valuable prizes to our customers from our main sponsor - PayPal! Only 10 lucky people receive gifts and only those who live in !
This survey is organized by our sponsor - PayPal, which takes care of its customers!
In addition, you have a chance to win something extra: a voucher worth $1000, Playstation 4 or Samsung Galaxy S9, if you take the survey and the contact details on the Complete the sponsorship page!
You only have 1 Minute and 27 Seconds to participate in the survey
Hurry up, the number of prizes is limited! Seven other users already received their prizes! There are only 3 vouchers left!
Question 1 out of 3: Are you male or female?
Question 2 out of 3: How old are you?
Question 3 out of 3: How many people live with you in the household?
Validating your answers...
You answered 3/3 questions!
No previous queries from your IP.
There are still gifts available!
Congratulations! You have been selected for (1) PayPal $1000 Gift Card!
Click below to get your card. We thank you for your participation.
Fill in your details on the next page so that we can contact you. Please hurry, because we only have a limited number of gift vouchers to give away.
Edward Dallachy
Thought it was a joke, but the gift card came by mail this morning. I would like to take more surveys!
Layla Loveless
At first I thought it was a joke, but I just got my coupon ($1000) forwarded this to my friends so they can get a chance too.
Cody Bourke
That's great! I have never won anything!!!
Benjamin Morrill
I like such offers!
William Lamington
I just got a call that I won, I'm so happy!
Oliver MacDevitt
Participated 5 days ago and won, thanks so much guys!
Tayla Bedggood
I won but I want my gift card sent via email. Thanks guys (is it possible?)
Ashley Le Grand
Damn, did not win anything :(
Dean Annois
Any more surveys that I can go through?
Chloe Cato
Have you ever seen such a thing, just today was such a bad day, but at least I got this great deal!
Hamish Copley
Winner, winner chicken dinner!
See more comments
50 out of 80