Ready To Make A Website?
Try Doodlekit for FREE! Sign up now and find out how easy it is to build a website. Upgrade at any time.
Design Your Own Templates
Pick A Template
Pick as many templates as you want from our template builder library. There is no limit to how many you can select. All templates are free.
Edit A Template
Use our free website builder tools to tweak and modify existing library templates. Build templates with our template wizard or start from scratch.
Share A Template
Share your uniquely designed templates. Export templates to other members. Import templates you like from them. Build your own library.
Background Patterns
Select template patterns and textures of your choice from our free website builder's vast collection of background images. Customize their colors.
Icons & Fonts
Pick and choose icons from our icon library to use with different web page elements. Add a unique font for your text. Add another one for titles and menus.
Border Effects
Add custom colored border effects to different sections of your website. Build a website with shadows, stitches, wood trim, torn paper, and more.
Advanced Website Building Tools
Banners & Logos
Doodlekit's free website maker allows you to upload your own banners and logos. Add multiple images to create a slideshow. Customize title colors and fonts.
Mobile Templates
Using responsive website technology your website is automatically mobile friendly so it will look great on any device.
Search Optimization
Building a website is easy. Getting it recognized on search engines is a little more difficult. Doodlekit provides you with SEO tools to help you get ranked.
Blog
Add a blog to your website. Build up web traffic by posting to it regularly. Use our built in social media tools to advertise your latest posts.
Image Galleries
Build gallery pages to show off your photos and images. Add albums to your galleries. Add images to your albums. Play slideshows of your albums.
Form Builder
Our free website creator lets you build forms to collect information from users. Have the data emailed to you when submitted. Download all data as a spreadsheet.
Shopping Cart
Use our free website tools to build a store online. Add and edit item properties like size or color. Hook it directly to your PayPal or Google Checkout account.
Forums
Register users to your website. Provide an online community where they can post information to each other. Manager and moderate content and accounts.
Advanced Security
Build a website with secure web pages only visible to specific members. Build multiple secure web pages accessible to different groups of members.
Make as many custom email addresses as you want based off your domain. Have each email address forward to one or more other email addresses.
File Uploading
Upload files for users to download. Perfect for resumes, user manuals, reports, newsletters, presentations, spreadsheets and other documents.
Website Traffic Stats
Monitor your website's usage statistics. View the number of hits and visits. See where visitors are coming from. Look up their IP addresses.
Free Template Library
See More...
Real Websites Made With Doodlekit
See More...
What our customers say?
Doodlekit is the last web-designing software you’ll ever need to get up and running fast and easy. Having a Facebook page isn’t enough and settling for a plain vanilla website offered by the competition just won’t do. Doodlekit allows you to make your mark on the web with preset designs for those who want things super-easy as well as robust features for customizing every detail. Once you try Doodlekit, you’ll never want to leave.Jonas A. Winfield - Galaxy Artworks - Owner
I've been using Doodlekit for about 5 years now. I love that I can easily change the look of my website anytime I feel like it. I do not know anything about web design but am able to create a sharp looking page with Doodlekit's user-friendly tools. The staff is very helpful and replies to all of my emails promptly. I highly recommend their service.Kara Mavar - Karisma by Kara - Owner/Artist
Thanks to Heath and his team at Doodlekit, our new cutting edge law firm had a dynamic, engaging, and competitive website up and running in no time at all. Doodlekit assisted us with every step, including design, content, and Search Engine Optimization. As a result, our web presence rivals those of our competitors.Chip Gentry - Call & Gentry Law Firm - Founding Member
Pricing Table
Free
|Completely Free
|Website Hosting
|Mobile Friendly Templates
|Photo Galleries
|Blog
|0 Extra Users
|100GB Bandwidth
|100MB Storage
Simple
|All Free Plan Features
|Custom Web Address (.com)
|SSL Security
|Website Usage Statistics
|SEO Tools
|5 Extra Users
|Unlimited Bandwidth
|3GB Storage
Business
|All Simple Plan Features
|Web Form Builder
|Shopping Cart
|Forums
|Email Forwarding
|20 Extra Users
|Unlimited Bandwidth
|10GB Storage
Advanced
|All Business Plan Features
|Unlimited Extra Users
|Unlimited Bandwidth
|Unlimted Storage
Upgrade later if you like!
Team Doodlekit
Heath Huffman
Ben Kittrell
Ready To Make A Website?
Try Doodlekit for FREE! Sign up now and find out how easy it is to build a website. Upgrade at any time.