Welcome to the Original "Do-It-Yourself Pest Control"
In business since 1982, Do It Yourself Pest Control has been the #1 seller of pest control products online since 1996.
Pick a pest from the chart below to get started:
General Pest Control Tips
About Our Company
Our website is dedicated to providing DIYers with the information you need to do your own pest control. We provide information on insect identification, insect control instructions, rodent identification, rodent control measures, professional equipment, and information about professional strength insecticides and herbicides
Can't find the answer to your pest control question? We employee expertly trained pest control technicians to advise you.
We are your best source for professional / commercial grade pest control supplies, approved for both residential and commercial pest control. We ship from both Atlanta, Georgia and Phoenix, Arizona for fast delivery.
Can I do my own pest control?
Most people are capable of following a pest management strategy. We provide access to educational resources to help you select, purchase, and use any item in our product line. We carry insect baits, professional insecticides/pesticides, traps, herbicides, and many other helpful professional items.
By using recommended professional products instead of a commercial extermination service, you can get rid of pests or rodents at a cost savings of up to 70%.
Our 30+ years of professional experience is available to our customers. We want you to have the correct product and application instructions using our conservative approach toward pest control. We typically recommend pest control chemicals that get the job done using the least amount of product.
Todays professionals use Integrated Pest Management techniques which include traps and exclusion methods to control pests. Baits are also highly effective for controlling your target insect or rodent.
To order our products, use our Online Store or call our toll free number 1-800-476-3368.
Sincerely,
Walt Cline
President
Pro Pest Products / Do-It-Yourself Pest Control, Inc.