Practice Medicine, Not Administration.
Streamline your entire workflow—and get back to what matters most.
Innovative EHR For A Workflow That Just Works
Have your practice at your fingertips on the web, iPhone, and iPad. Seamlessly integrate scheduling, clinical workflow, patient engagement, and billing. Free your time to deliver truly innovative care.
Run a Patient-First Practice
Online scheduling, self check-in, automated appointment reminders, a HIPAA-compliant patient portal, and more.Online Scheduling Appointment Reminders Patient Portal
Drive Profitability
Integrated billing and an experienced RCM team mean fewer denials and cleaner claims.Revenue Cycle Management Claim Dashboard Account Managers
Reach Beyond the Clinic Walls
Leverage existing partner medical apps and services or build your own with our simple, secure APIs.API App Directory Affiliates
Faster Revenue. And More Of It.
Earn more revenue — and lower your labor costs — with our complete, fully-tailored RCM service. Our team of dedicated billing, coding, and compliance experts are here to help manage the expenses and operations of your practice. Improve profitability and focus more time on patient care.
The First—And Most Advanced—iPad EHR
DrChrono built the first iPad EHR and is an official Apple Mobility Partner for healthcare.
EHR & Mobile
Full clinical documentation right on your iPhone or iPad.
Practice Management
Customized workflows that work for your practice.
Billing
Fully integrated EHR and medical billing.
Patient Portal
Appointment scheduling, patient intake, and messaging.
Revenue Cycle Management
Outsourced coding and billing to maximize payments.
API
Countless options to add unique, custom functionality.
Direct Ortho Care- Orthopedic Urgent Care
Direct Ortho Care (DOC) raised the bar in digitizing their workflow and EHR. With DrChrono EHR DOC has been able to expand using the scalable and flexible software to meet their needs.
Dr. Nadeem Vaidya
Dr. Nadeem Vaidya from Retina OC, has used technology to run his ophthalmology practice. Using DrChrono he has been able to thrive while maintaining full ownership and insights from patient check-in to payment disbursement.