HRS OF VIDEO LECTURES
SPECIALIST FACULTIES
POWERPOINT SLIDES & NOTES
MONTHS ACCESS
Find a topic tough? Feel free to go through the lecture again and again and again!
View lectures at your own pace from home. No travelling, No long hours, No missing college or internship activities.
Talk to our mentor for a personalized study timetable. Any guidance required and our mentor is just a call away!
Comprehensive coverage of topics, useful for MBBS as well as PG entrance exams
Handwritten Notes for easy revision, hundreds of downloadable images and slides
Topic wise tests and Grand Tests as per latest patterns with detailed scoring and ranking
Watch videos on multiple devices, revise at high playback speedsSee Demo Videos
Handwritten colored notes created by experts aligned with the video contentDownload Sample Notes
Drmentors.com is a platform where you will get the advantage of teachers teaching using a board and pen. It is the way of teaching we are used to from our school times but believe me, it suits us the best. Moreover, the lectures are available to you 24*7 which are delivered by top faculties headed by Dr. Punit sir. So you won't have the need to crush your brain and understand concepts but rather can go at the pace you need.Dr. Debraj Saha Rank 340, NEET PG 2019; Rank 53, DNB CET 2018
I hadn't joined any coaching in my UG or internship and I had just 5 months to prepare .At that time I found DrMentors and it was a real boon. I started watching Drmentors videos which really cleared all concepts and I used to watch them at any time ,like travelling .which saved my most of time. Without Drmentors, it would have been impossible for me to crack AIIMS with rank 93 in just 5 months of preparation. Drmentors boosted my confidence everyday. I'm proud to be a Drmentors student and I thank every faculty member for making my dream come true.Dr. Sunil Kumar K S Rank 93, AIIMS PG 2019
I had joined Drmentors PG prep package during my internship as I was not able to go to classes and it provided me with the comfort of watching videos from home. And the video lectures were good, especially Obgy , Opthal, PSM , Anaesthesia, Dermat, and also Nikita Nanwani lectures regarding easy ways to solve the mcqs. Also the lectures keep on getting updated and whatever new updates are released are available to all students.Dr. Rajath R Rank 5, NEET PG 2019
Drmentors.com is a platform where you will get the advantage of teachers teaching using a board and pen. It is the way of teaching we are used to from our school times but believe me, it suits us the best. Moreover, the lectures are available to you 24*7 which are delivered by top faculties headed by Dr. Punit sir. So you won't have the need to crush your brain and understand concepts but rather can go at the pace you need.Dr. Debraj Saha Rank 340, NEET PG 2019; Rank 53, DNB CET 2018
I hadn't joined any coaching in my UG or internship and I had just 5 months to prepare .At that time I found DrMentors and it was a real boon. I started watching Drmentors videos which really cleared all concepts and I used to watch them at any time ,like travelling .which saved my most of time. Without Drmentors, it would have been impossible for me to crack AIIMS with rank 93 in just 5 months of preparation. Drmentors boosted my confidence everyday. I'm proud to be a Drmentors student and I thank every faculty member for making my dream come true.Dr. Sunil Kumar K S Rank 93, AIIMS PG 2019
I had joined Drmentors PG prep package during my internship as I was not able to go to classes and it provided me with the comfort of watching videos from home. And the video lectures were good, especially Obgy , Opthal, PSM , Anaesthesia, Dermat, and also Nikita Nanwani lectures regarding easy ways to solve the mcqs. Also the lectures keep on getting updated and whatever new updates are released are available to all students.Dr. Rajath R Rank 5, NEET PG 2019
Drmentors.com is a platform where you will get the advantage of teachers teaching using a board and pen. It is the way of teaching we are used to from our school times but believe me, it suits us the best. Moreover, the lectures are available to you 24*7 which are delivered by top faculties headed by Dr. Punit sir. So you won't have the need to crush your brain and understand concepts but rather can go at the pace you need.Dr. Debraj Saha Rank 340, NEET PG 2019; Rank 53, DNB CET 2018
Group of 3 gives Rs. 2000/- discount each | Group of 4 gives Rs. 3000/- discount each | Group of 5 gives Rs. 4000/- discount each | Bulk discounts also available.