FAA Drone Training & Part 107 Test Prep
Enroll in Drone Pilot Ground School, the industry's #1 online test prep and training course, and pass your FAA drone exam on your first try — or your money back.
Over 99% of our students pass the FAA exam on their first attempt, even though most of them have no prior experience in aviation. If they can do it, so can you.
If you don’t pass the FAA exam after taking our course, We’ll refund you AND will also cover your test center fee (normally $150). This rarely happens, but we have your back in case it does.
To keep your license, you'll need to pass a recurrent FAA knowledge test every 24 months. Our students get lifetime access to our online training course, which we update regularly with the industry.
Access a curriculum built in partnership with a Gold Seal Certified Flight Instructor (CFI) and former Chief Pilot of a Part 141 Flight School to align directly with the FAA's remote pilot certification requirements.
Quiz yourself at the bottom of each lesson, and take our full-length practice tests to see if you're ready to take the FAA's exam. Our answer key has full explanations for each question, so you'll know why a certain answer is correct.
Master the FAA's test concepts with our database of 300+ multiple choice questions. After completing a practice test, you'll be emailed a performance report and a breakdown of your incorrect responses.
Email, call or send us a voice message. You get unlimited support for your burning questions. Our course is online, but you won’t be on your own.
We’ve rounded up the most common questions from our students and built a searchable Q&A database, so you benefit from those that went before you.
Use our 12-page cram sheet to cement important concepts before taking the test. Key takeaways from each lesson are all in one place to help you study more effectively.
While flight proficiency isn't required by the FAA, we hold our students to a higher standard. Receive a Drone Pilot Ground School diploma when you pass our flight proficiency challenge.
Learn from a drone lawyer and other industry professionals about how they approach important legal, marketing, insurance, and business considerations.
Whether you learn best by listening, reading, or doing, we use all of these tactics to help you learn. We also have closed captioning in each of our video lessons.
Get a free preview inside our course to see how each lecture is broken down, how we teach, and whether or not you think we’re a good fit for you and your company.
I have to admit that I was reluctant to purchase your course. I found several sites offering quick study and practice exams, but based on previous flying lessons from years ago, I found most of their content was inaccurate and sometimes very misleading. I finally took the plunge and enrolled this morning knowing that you offered a 30-day money back guarantee and I must say that I'm glad I did. The videos are very clear and content is very informative. I am impressed.
I just want to thank you for making this course. Admittedly, I was skeptical about spending several hundred dollars on an online course due to so many scams out there. Your course is VERY informative, and very well delivered. I like the speed at which the content is delivered, and the slides that go with everything. I’m only about 21% into it, but I’m really enjoying it. Looks like I'm going to have to go back and take some more notes!
I just wanted to tell you that I think you have put together an absolutely phenomenal course. The regulations have “forced” me to have a certification for a part of my business where one was never before needed. I was less than excited to spend the extra time and money to have the permission to add aerial footage to my real estate listings. But, not only has your course already taught me that there is some logic to these regulations, but that I can use my education gained here to actually enhance my value to prospective clients.
I wanted to let you know that I think your course is without a doubt the best way to increase your chances to pass the FAA's Aeronautical Knowledge Test. I could not imagine having to learn and decipher all the information on my own. Your email support is amazing!
Our students use drones to conduct a wide variety of missions, from real estate marketing and insurance adjustments to construction site progress monitoring and utility tower inspections. Check out some of our more successful student case studies below:
More questions can be found on our FAQ page over here.
We are a test prep course for the FAA’s drone licensing exam. Once you’ve gone through our course and you’re scoring well on the practice tests, you will schedule an appointment at an official test center in your area and take the exam in person.
Most of our students have full-time jobs and take 2-3 weeks to get through each of our lessons and full-length practice tests. It ends up being about 10-20 hours of total butt-in-seat study time. Since you get lifetime access to the course materials, you can work through them at your own pace.
Our support staff is here to help you study. There are several ways to contact us: email us at support@dronepilotgroundschool.com, call us at 888-382-8053, or click the “Ask a Question by Voicemail” button within the course. Plus, you can go to our Learning/Help Center to see questions that others asked, along with our answers.
Yes, we offer hands-on drone flight training classes throughout the U.S. — when it comes to Part 107 test prep, our online-based course works to your advantage — you can view the video lessons at your own pace as many times as you need. You also get lifetime access to the course, which becomes important if you’d like to maintain your certification every 24 months.
Yes, if you’re simply interested in ‘passing the test,’ there are free videos and study guides out there. But you won’t find the same level of instruction, real-world focus on flight operations, 1:1 support, dynamically updated training materials, or passing guarantee. We put together this course to help our students both save time and also to understand not just how to ‘pass the test’ but how to think like a pilot and to enter the sUAS industry safely and professionally.
Yes, we’ll cover your testing fee (normally $150) AND will refund you our course fee if you don’t pass the FAA Aeronautical Knowledge Test after taking our course (and scoring at least 85% on one of our practice tests). With our 99%+ success rate, this rarely happens, but we have your back in case it does.
The FAA Aeronautical Knowledge Test is a United States exam for drone pilots looking to fly for commercial use in the U.S., and our course prepares you for this exam. Please check your country’s drone laws for your local rules and regulations.
More than 20,000+ students trust Drone Pilot Ground School, a training program managed by UAV Coach, the largest and most reputable online-based drone training academy in the sUAS industry.
Bryan- CA, United States
October 16, 2019
First and foremost, if it wasn't for Drone Pilot Ground School, I don't think I would have passed the test with a 93%. I mean you can use free platforms but they can only teach or explain so much. One of the biggest things for me being a visual learner is the videos on each topic. Videos are good speed and great content. It makes it much easier to understand and comprehend the topics. Also, the practice tests are HUGE, they really prepare you for the actual test. I'll also say that I saw some of the same questions on the practice tests as I did on the real test. Another perk is the "Cram Sheet", all the important information outlined in 12 pages - I even took it all the way into the testing center no problem to study prior to test time. The course is well worth the cost and more especially with all the bonus material. DPGS rocks! Highly recommend!