Previous Slide Next Slide
Who we are
Founded in 2003, Dubli Network is a global marketing company that offers people from all walks of life the opportunity to build a career or second-income business by generating earnings from the millions of... » Read more
Leadership
The combination of technology and financial expertise offered by the Board of Directors provides a unique foundation of guidance and support to lead Dubli, Inc., into the future.
Headquarters
Headquartered in Boca Raton, Florida with offices in Berlin, Germany and Dubai, UAE, Dubli, Inc. (OTCQB: DUBL), a publicly-traded U.S. company, is the parent company of both Dubli.com and Dubli Network. Dubli has positioned itself with operations around ...
What the Press is Saying About Us
In just a few short years Dubli Network has become the largest e-commerce network marketing company. As such, the press and media outlets from around the world, as well as from sponsorships and charitable activities, have taken notice and...
Previous Slide Next Slide
The Dubli Network Opportunity
Do you find yourself wondering how different your life would be if you could just come up with one new idea or find some need out there that is not being met, then maybe you would have a chance to really cash in for you and your family, changing your life forever? » Read more
How to make money
Dubli Network offers you global potential for earning an exceptional income with one of the most unique and revolutionary compensation plans in the world.
Partner Program
At Dubli, we believe in giving what you'd like to receive back. The Dubli Partner Program is the clear choice for any organization looking to augment their business model with one of the world's most dynamic online Shopping, Travel and Entertainment sites.
Upcoming events
Dubli Network leaders around the world continually host webinars and live national and local area events. Please check the meeting and events calendar for webinars and live events near you.
International Leader Events
Twice annually, Dubli Network organizes Leader Events around the world. Past events have been held in Vienna, Austria, Boca Raton, Florida and Dubai, UAE.
Previous Slide Next Slide
Dubli.com
Dubli.com is the most comprehensive Cash Back online shopping destination in the world. The Dubli.com platform is the only e-commerce site to offer Cash Back on shopping and travel combined with additional savings on a global scale. » Read more
Global VIP Rewards
Living in luxury doesn’t come with the price tag when you join as a Dubli’s VIP Rewards member. The VIP Rewards membership is only $49 per year or $4.99 per month and provides thousands of dollars in value with access to exclusive coupons, deals, offers, and increased unlimited Cash Back shopping. Save money on everything from travel bookings, shopping, dining, leisure, and entertainment.
GAMIFICATION – ENCOURAGING CUSTOMER LOYALTY
Through ‘Boosted Cash Back’ gamification, Dubli.com rewards Basic customers for repeat shopping, reviews and other value-added engagement. Shoppers may earn up to double the Cash Back, reaching Premier level status, when Boosted Cash Back and Free Cash Back earnings are combined.
PERSONALIZATION AND UNIQUE CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE
Each time a shopper logs in, shops, searches, clicks or performs any activity on the site, the Dubli platform will record this information and tailor future logins and recommendations based on the individual customer’s interests. These “collections” will provide a unique customer experience. In the simplest terms, each Dubli.com shopper will receive their own customized shopping experience.
MAXIMIZING SAVINGS WITH Dubli.com
Savings shouldn’t stop once a consumer finds the best online deal or coupon. The Dubli site allows shoppers to stack coupons and deals with Cash Back so they can double or triple their savings on every purchase. Dubli calls this unique savings proposition “Stackable Savings” because through Dubli.com, customers can save multiple times on one single purchase.
Previous Slide Next Slide
Dubli Network News
There are always new exciting developments going on at Dubli Network. Please use this page as your destination for all news, developments, product launches and new Dubli Network tools. Check out the latest press release, see what’s happening throughout Dubli around the world and learn more about what the press is saying about us. We welcome you to the wonderful world of Dubli.
Dubli.com News
Find all the latest product developments, shopping mall updates, new travel services and enhancements to the Dubli.com website. With its unique value proposition, Dubli.com has earned the attention of the media around the globe. This is your source for all things Dubli.com around the world.
Dubli Inc. News
As the parent company of both Dubli Network and Dubli.com and the publicly-traded entity, Dubli, Inc. is frequently publishing news and developments. Here you will find the latest corporate news and updates, press releases and articles and news written by the global press.
Dubli TV Updates
Dubli TV is the online TV network for Dubli Network, the world’s largest direct selling e-commerce company. Dubli TV serves as a one-stop source for the latest information, inspiration, recognition, and motivation in multiple languages for Business Associates (BAs) and Dubli customers around the world.
Testimonials
Want to know what Dubli Network’s leaders around the world are doing? Find out their key strategies, useful tools and how they have grown their Dubli Network business. Read about why our leaders are part of Dubli Network, their perspective on the future and how to continue to cultivate and motivate their organizations.