Features
Fast, quiet, high quality prints
Powerful 32 Bit Processor
Atmel SAM4E8E: 120MHz ARM Cortex-M4 microcontroller with floating point unit, 512Kb flash memory, 128Kb RAM and many peripherals.
Super quiet TMC2660 stepper drivers
SPI controlled stepper drivers capable of up to 256 microstepping. Current and microsteps can both be changed on the fly for optimum speed and power efficiency.
Dual extruders
3 heater/thermistor channels for a heated bed and 2 extruders. 3 PWM controllable and 2 always-on fans. These can be run from either the input voltage, from 5V, or from external power for added flexibility.
High Power rating
Each stepper driver is capable of 2.4A motor current, with further increases possible after thermal testing. The bed heater channel is specifically designed for high currents of up to 18A.
Network connectivity
/
Dedicated Wifi or Ethernet module
The main processor is free to do precise stepper pulse timing and implement other advanced features while the low level networking is handled by the dedicated networking module.
Flexible
Connect via PC, tablet or smartphone on the same network: there is no need for an app install or internet connectivity. Also connect via USB or serial if desired.
Cable-free control
Use your printer in any room covered by your WiFi or Ethernet network. No need to be tethered by USB cabling any more.
Security
Wifi has WPA-2 encryption for network security, with further security changes coming soon. The DuetWifi and Duet Ethernet do not need to be connected to the internet, we recommend you keep it on a local network for added security.
A pleasure to use
Easy and convenient
Connect directly to your printer from any modern web browser. Control your printer, upload and start prints from the browser. Monitor prints from an external IP webcam (not provided).
Most Printers Supported
All common 3D printer geometries are supported: Cartesian, Delta, CoreXY, IDEX, SCARA. Along with 3D printers a wide variety of CNC machines and lasercutters can be controlled.
Easy to configure
Setup your printer and update the firmware through the web interface. No need to compile firmware.
G-code everywhere
All settings are done through G-code, giving maximum control flexibility. Write your own macros for homing, pause, resume and much more.
Expandable
Up to 7 additional drives
Support for a further 7 stepper drivers and 5 heaters on expansion headers. Firmware support for mixing nozzles, multiple Z motor bed levelling and remapping axes to use high power external drivers.
Touch Screen Support
The optional PanelDue controller provides a full colour graphic touch screen controller with virtual keyboard. Also talks G-code for maximum flexibility.
Advanced Calibration Support
Use an optional add-on of a smart delta effector or DC42’s contactless IR bed probe combined with advanced firmware features for more accurate printer calibration.
Accurate temperature control
ADC gain calibration for thermistors allows for accurate and repeatable temperature setting. PT100 and thermocouples are supported through digital temperature daughterboards.
Open
Open Hardware.
All the hardware designs are licensed under the CERN OHL 1.2. The design files are released on GitHub.
Open Source Software
Both RepRapFirmware and DuetWebControl are licensed under the GPL.
Built with Open Tools
Designed in KiCAD and Eclipse: using open tools means the barrier to getting involved is as low as possible.
Open for collaboration.
Fork the project on github, design a new hardware feature, make a new template for your printer or document your build. We look forward to you getting involved.