Dusit Princess Kathmandu, Nepal is slated to open in Q3 2020.
Dusit International, one of Thailand’s leading hotel and property development companies, has signed an agreement with Hotel Lhasa International Pvt. Ltd. to develop and operate Dusit Princess Kathmandu, Nepal – the second Dusit-branded hotel set to open in Nepal – in Q3 2020.
Operating under Dusit’s upper-midscale Dusit Princess brand, the new hotel will comprise 108 well-appointed guest rooms in a prime location in the capital’s vibrant Lazimpat neighbourhood. The area is home to various international institutions and is just a short walk from the bustling eateries and shops of Thamel.
Tribhuvan International Airport and major cultural attractions such as Kathmandu Durbar Square, Boudhanath Stupa, and Swayambhunath Stupa can be reached in 20 minutes by car.
Designed to meet the needs of business and leisure travellers alike, hotel facilities will include an outdoor swimming pool and pool bar, a rooftop lounge-bar, a fully equipped fitness centre, a spa, and meeting facilities. An all-day dining restaurant will serve daily buffet breakfast plus a variety of international and local cuisines.
In keeping with the Dusit Princess brand, each room will feature high-quality beds, a cosy bathroom, modern amenities, and a contemporary design reflecting local style and culture to provide high levels of comfort and convenience.
“We are delighted to partner with Hotel Lhasa International Pvt. Ltd. to bring our unique brand of Thai-inspired gracious hospitality to Kathmandu for the first time,” said Mr Lim Boon Kwee, Chief Operating Officer, Dusit International. “Surrounded by popular cultural attractions, centuries-old religious sites, several embassies and major businesses, Dusit Princess Kathmandu is perfectly positioned to link guests with everything this fascinating city has to offer. We now look forward to delivering a hotel experience that delights on all fronts while providing sustainable value to all our stakeholders.”
Mr Dorje Gyaltsen Lama, Managing Director, Hotel Lhasa International Pvt. Ltd., said, “Nepal welcomed more than 1.1 million tourists in 2018 – up 25% YOY – and the country’s tourism industry just keeps going from strength to strength. To capture this fast-growing market, we were determined to find a distinctive partner with international experience, a track record for excellence, and a commitment to having a positive local impact. We are delighted Dusit is that partner, and we look forward to a long and prosperous relationship together.”
Dusit International’s property portfolio now comprises 271 properties (nine owned and 262 managed) operating under six brands across 13 countries. The company has more than 50-Dusit branded hotels in the pipeline and expects to open at least 10-12 hotels per year in key destinations from 2020 onwards.
Dusit Princess Kathmandu, Nepal is the second property Dusit International has signed to operate in Nepal. Dusit Thani Himalayan Resort & Spa, a luxury mountaintop resort in Nepal’s central region, is slated to open in Q1 2021 under a hotel management agreement.