- Complete Filing Support
- Free Federal E-filing
- Get your Tax Refund Fast
- Single or Joint Filing
File in less than 15 minutes**
Get your refund as fast as possible†
*E-file.com offers free federal tax returns for those who qualify for our Basic Software
E-file.com helps taxpayers file their income taxes faster, easier and more accurately than with traditional paper forms. We offer full featured online tax software at a significant discount to other programs.
We know that filing your taxes can sometimes be unpleasant. That is why our helpful online tax preparation program works with you to make the filling process as pain-free as possible. Many filers can use our online tax software to electronically file their taxes in less than 15 minutes.
To use the E-file software, a visitor simply needs to create a free account (here), enter their taxpayer information, income figures, then any deductions they may have, and our software will calculate and prepare the return. Once a user has completed preparing their return they will be provided the option of either e-filing or printing and mailing. It's as simple as that.
E-file's online tax preparation tools are designed to take the guesswork out of e-filing your taxes. Our program works to guide you through the complicated filing process with ease, helping to prepare your return correctly and if a refund is due, put you on your way to receiving it. Should a tax question arise, we are always here help and are proud to offer qualified online tax support to all users.
If you've ever tried calling the IRS during the tax season, you probably know that telephone hold times at peak periods can be hours long. Our dedicated online support team enables customers to get their questions answered just minutes after a question is sent, even during peak times. Simply send us a “help” request from within your account and our experts will begin working on your problem and get you an answer as quickly as possible.
Not only have we tried to make it as painless as possible to prepare and file your return, filing electronically will also get your tax refund much faster. After all, it's your money. Why wait any longer than necessary to get it back.
At E-file.com, we work to get your federal tax refund as fast as possible thanks to the electronic filing program with the IRS. Filing electronically with the IRS and selecting to have your refund direct deposited to your bank allows you to get your refund as fast as possible.
FREE
State $19 w/code SAVE24
$18.99
24.99
Plus Only $19 for State
with coupon code SAVE24
$34.95
45.99
Plus Only $19 for State
with coupon code SAVE24
By providing our software exclusively online, we are able to limit distribution cost and pass those savings on to E-file users. Throughout the year we periodically provide coupons to further discount our software. These prices listed in the chart above reflect the use of the "SAVE24" coupon code. The regular price of our software should appear at checkout prior along with the discount after applying this coupon code. For more information on how to use a coupon code on this website please click here.
E-file.com provides an online platform where users can enter their tax information and our software will help to prepare their income tax or tax extension form. Once ready, users can transmit their prepared tax forms electronically to the IRS and respective state or print and mail a copy of their filing.
Our software provides full start and stop account access so that users can complete their tax return at their own pace. We'll automatically save a filer's progress, allowing the user to pick up where they left off each time they log back in, until the return is completed.
Since 2014, E-file.com has provided affordable tax preparation software that is up to 50% less expensive than what other online tax preparers charge. We even provide a free "no-strings attached" software to all filers who qualify to file using our Basic Software. This is why E-file has been trusted by over a million tax payers.
Unlike some software providers who resell their customer information to advertisers, we do not sell any of our customer information to third parties. Our goal is to provide an affordable product without sacrificing a customer's privacy to do so.
Use the software trusted by more than a 1,000,000 tax filers.