|
The Estate Agency Affairs Board (EAAB) was established in 1976 in terms of the Estate Agency Affairs Act 112 of 1976 (‘the Act”), with the mandate to regulate and control certain activities of estate agents in the public interest.
The EAAB regulates the estate agency profession through ensuring that all persons carrying out the activities of an estate agent as a service to the public are registered with the EAAB. A Fidelity Fund Certificate, which is to be renewed each year is issued as evidence of such registration and confirmation that such person is legally entitled to carry out the activities of an estate agent.
The Estate Agency Affairs Board (EAAB), which has been reporting to the Minister of Trade and industry since 1976, was transferred to the Department of Human Settlements on 17 May 2012 by Proclamation of the President of the Republic of South Africa.
|
TELEPHONE NUMBER 087 285 3222
OFFICE HOURS - MONDAY - FRIDAY / 08h00 - 16h30
|
CANCELLATION OF ERP TENDER REF: RFP - ICT2019\0012
Please note that the ERP tender advertised in City Press has been cancelled till further notice due to the new Property Practitioners Bill. The Compulsory briefing session scheduled for the 17th of October will be also cancelled.
|
FIDELITY FUND CERTIFICATE UNRESOLVED ISSUES
Dear Stakeholder,
Please be advised that the Estate Agency Affairs Board (EAAB) is currently resolving all outstanding Fidelity Fund Certificate (FFC) - related queries.
To aid the expeditious issuing of FFC's, kindly ensure that you have met the requirements and submitted all necessary documents for an FFC to be issued and, more importantly kindly send all FFC related queries to ffc.complaints@eaab.org.za specifically.
|
CONTINUING PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT (CPD) DISQUALIFICATION
The Estate Agency Affairs Board would like to advise all estate agents who have been disqualified under section 27 of the EAA Act due to Continuing Professional Development (CPD) non-compliance, to log a query via the following procedure should they have any questions.
To log an online query - Section 27: CPD Disqualification
https://www.eaab.org.za/myffc/query_logging
NOTIFICATIONS
This serves to advise all estate agents who wish to undertake the upcoming Professional Designation Examination (PDE) scheduled to take place on 21 November 2019 that enrolment for such is now open.
This serves to advise all estate agents who wrote the Professional Designation Examination (PDE) in August that PDE results are now available on the MyEAAB portal. Certificates for those who have passed are being printed and will be sent by no later than the end of November 2019.
The Estate Agency Affairs Board (EAAB) wishes to inform estate agents and industry at large that its contract with PrivySeal has come to an end and is in the process of initiating a procurement process for similar services.
The Estate Agency Affairs Board (EAAB) advises all estate agents who have enrolled for the Professional Designation Examination for either PDE4 or PDE5
HEADLINE STORIES The EAAB Chief Executive Officer speaks out on Transformation of the Real Estate Sector The EAAB Launch of 1000 Learner-Intake on the ''One Learner -One Estate Agency" Youth Programme Beneficiaries on the ''One Learner - One Estate Agency" Youth Programme Success stories of estate agents that have come...
The purpose of Practice Note ETD02/2019 is to regulate the position of persons who were previously registered as estate agents by the EAAB, and who were issued with valid Fidelity Fund Certificates accordingly, but who subsequently left the sector and now wish to re-enter, despite the fact that such persons may not have complied with the...
This serves to advise all estate agents who wish to undertake the upcoming Professional Designation Examination (PDE) scheduled to take place on 22 August 2019 that enrolment for such is now open. Enrolment is done strictly via the MyEAAB portal available on the EAAB website www.eaab.org.za and one must be in possession of their 7 digit...
The Press release dated June 30, 2011: The Estate Agency Affairs Board (EAAB) grants estate agents qualification and Professional Designation Examination (PDE) exemption for Over 60’s deals with the resolution and policy approved by the EAAB Board for the grant of exemption and process that must be followed by interested and qualifying...
This serves to advise that the fee payable to the Estate Agency Affairs Board during the 2019/2020 financial year for the consideration of an application for the grant of an educational exemption by a non-executive director of an estate agency company is the sum of R3 300.00.
Practice Note ETD03/2013 issued in May 2013 deals with the assessment of equivalency exemptions by the Estate Agency Affairs Board (EAAB).
This serves to advise all estate agents who wish to undertake the scheduled PDE Examination (written and oral) for the 2019/2020 financial year of the following applicable fees:
This serves to advise examination candidates who wish to apply for the review of their examination script or for appeal against the exam results of the new fee payable to the Estate Agency Affairs Board during the 2019/2020 financial year for the consideration of their appeal is the sum of R539.00.
Francis Herd SABC news presenter interviewed Ms Mamodupi Mohlala Mulaudzi the newly appointed Chief Executive Officer of the Estate Agency Affairs Board (EAAB) on transformation of the real estate sector. The interview was broadcasted on the Full View Show on SABC News Channel 404 on Friday, 14 June 2019.
The Annual renewal for the 2020 FFC will open on the 01 July 2019 until 31 October 2019.
The submission deadline of 30 June 2019 for estate agency firms with a financial year-end of 28 February 2019 is imminent and this notification serves as a reminder to principals of these estate agency firms.
The Financial Intelligence Centre (the FIC), established by the Financial Intelligence Centre Act, 38 of 2001 (the FIC Act), is the national point for the gathering, analysis and dissemination of financial intelligence. The FIC identifies the proceeds of crime and combats both money laundering and the financing of terrorism with its primary role...
The Financial Intelligence Centre Act, 38 of 2001, established the Financial Intelligence Centre as the national centre for the gathering and analysis of financial data. The FIC is mandated to identify funds generated from criminal acts and to combat money laundering and terrorist financing. The FIC Act imposes certain obligations on sectors...
Who must register for CPD purposes in 2019? All estate agents, excluding intern estate agents, who have been issued with a valid fidelity fund certificate by the EAAB, whether as principal or non-principal estate agents, are reminded that they must register for CPD purposes in 2019 and obtain fifteen verifiable and five non-verifiable CPD...
Professional Designation Examination (PDE) Dates for 2019/2020
As the Professional Designation Examination (PDE) is an open book examination, candidates are evaluated on their practical understanding of the study (and any other relevant) material rather than on mere recall and memorisation.
FIND AN AGENT
FIND AN AGENCY
PRIVYSEAL