Thank you for your interest in Easy Health Options®, it appears you are located in a EEA country impacted by GDPR. Please see below for our GDPR policy.
GDPR Policy:
GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) is a far-reaching privacy regulation in the European Economic Area. It covers personal information and activities taking place within the European Economic Area, even when the party processing the personal information is not located in the EEA. The definition of personal information in the legislation is extremely broad. It is defined as covering any personal information that has been or can be collected on any particular natural person that resides in an EEA country. Recent EEA court opinions have further broadened this definition.
We have examined the work required for our company to become fully compliant with GDPR. After comparing the costs against the number of customers we have within the EEA, we have determined that it's not something we can undertake at this time.
What does this mean to customers and visitors located within the EEA:
Effective on or before May 23, 2018, we will make every effort to block access to our websites by anyone located within a country covered by this regulation. Additionally, we will no longer send email to anyone we’ve determined resides within an EEA country.
Prior to May 25, 2018, all data that was previously collected on any customer or visitor from an EEA country to our website, and not required to be retained for other legal reasons, will have been deleted from our database.
Please note we will take every effort available to make sure visitors from the EEA are unable to access our websites but will not be responsible for users that take steps to conceal, hide or change their location to circumvent our security measures.
We apologize for any inconvenience this decision will cause and do not wish to exclude anyone from accessing our websites. But, due to the onerous impacts GDPR could have on our business, we’ve determined this is the only viable solution at this time. If GDPR regulations or requirements change in the future, and we can accommodate them we sincerely look forward to welcoming you back.
Users in the EEA who wish to access their data with the Spot.IM comment system may do so here.
For questions or if additional information is needed, please contact us at help@easyhealthoptions.com.