Welcoming customers from Solarplicity
If you’re one of these customers, the great news is that there’ll be no interruption to your supply.
Start your electric adventures now
Get on the road and get ahead of the curve – we’re here for all your electric car needs. Get 10,000 miles free and a free EV home charger when you lease a vehicle through us(1)
Get your home Halloween ready
Creep it real scary this Halloween with our exclusive lighting offer – buy a Philips Hue Mini Starter Kit and get a FREE Philips Hue Go (worth £69.99).
Hurry, offer ends 31 October 2019.
View our deals
Get ready for winter with 15% off
Protect the heart of your home this winter with 15% off Heating and Total Protect insurance before 31 December.
If you’ve had your boiler and heating system a while, they may not be covered under the original warranty. So if the unexpected happens, a repair could leave you out of pocket.
Our gas and electricity tariffs
Easy Online
Low fixed gas and electricity prices
- Manage your account online 24/7 (no access to our call centres)
- Direct Debit only
- No prices rises guaranteed for the length of the tariff
Easy Online 18 Month Fix
Low fixed gas and electricity prices
- Manage your account online 24/7 (no access to our call centres)
- Direct Debit only
- No prices rises guaranteed for the length of the tariff
Easy Online +BoilerCare
50% off boiler cover for 1 year and fix your energy prices for 2 years
- 50% off BoilerCare cover for 1 year (T’s and C’s apply)
- Covers domestic gas boilers of any age, standard radiators, controls and thermostats
- Manage your account online 24/7 (no access to our call centres) and pay by Direct Debit only
Total Service 2 Year Fix
Fixed prices guaranteed for at least 24 months
- No prices rises guaranteed for the length of the tariff
- You’re free to leave with no exit fees
- Choose to pay by Direct Debit or Cash Cheque
Our Flexible Control tariff which is exclusively for existing customers on EDF Energy’s Standard Variable tariff or Deemed tariff, is guaranteed to be priced 2.5% below the independently Ofgem set capped unit rate for the duration of the tariff.
Our Prepay Total tariff is available to customers with prepayment meters. There's also our Standard (Variable) tariff.
EDF Energy will take responsibility for your switch, making sure the process is simple, reliable and hassle-free. Visit our Energy Switch Guarantee page to find out more.
Get ready to get smart
Switch to EDF Energy and we’ll let you know when we're installing smart meters in your area. Smart meters show you how much energy you use in pounds and pence, and you’ll only pay for what you use as readings are sent automatically.
Switching's as simple
as 1, 2, 3
It’s easy to switch to EDF Energy. With a great range of gas and electricity tariffs, excellent service, competitive prices, and tons of experience it's no wonder that tens of thousands of people choose EDF Energy as their supplier every month.(2)
Looking for an award-winning energy supplier?
We've been voted the Best of the Big Six in the UK for providing our customers with the Best Online Experience.
Find out more about us