Edhesive provides fully sequenced and paced digital curriculum, teacher resources, professional development, and 7-day per week live support.
Courses were developed with the best high school and college educators in the country.
Videos, interactive activities and career connections make learning fun.
Students get instant feedback on their code from embedded code graders.
Undergraduate and graduate students from the country’s best universities are available 7-days per week.
Teachers get everything they need to run their class, including rosters, progress tracking, pacing guides, activities, and more.
Change the sequence, set due dates and add your own assignments.
Quizzes, exams and coding assignments are automatically graded.
Personal and immediate answers to content, pedagogical or implementation questions 7-days per week.
Edhesive students consistently beat AP national averages.
With Edhesive, teachers can spend more personalized time with their students.
Teachers and student can get started same-day.
Pricing is simple and sustainable based on the number of students and/or courses.
— Student
For the past four years, Edhesive students have outperformed the national average on the AP Computer Science exam.
— Mary Allen, AP CSA teacher
Project-based introduction to computer science with a focus on coding.
Duration: 1 Semester
A continuation of Explorations in Coding I with capstone projects.
Duration: 1 Semester
Learn the fundamentals of computer programming and the Python language.
Duration: 1 Semester
A continuation of Intro to Computer Science I, along with an introduction to web development.
Duration: 1 Semester
Equivalent to a college-level Introduction to Computer Science for non-STEM majors, students learn foundational concepts of computer science and explore the impact computing and technology have on our society.
Duration: 1 Year
Equivalent to a college-level Introduction to Computer Science for STEM majors, students deep-dive into programming and learn the basics of the Java language.
Duration: 1 Year
This course covers the basics of statistical research and analysis, teaching methods for data collection, interpretation and analysis.
Duration: 1 Year
— Deborah Raingruber, AP CSA teacher