Why do you need a real estate agent? Quite simply, the listing agent represents the seller's best interests, not yours. Read more about the benefits buyer representation and visit our Buyer’s Resource Centre for more information. Our Client Service Manager can connect you with the best Liv™ agent to meet your needs.Buyer's Resource Centre Contact our Concierge
We know that homes are as varied and unique as the people who own them, and there is no “one size fits all” solution to sell every home. Instead we offer the best selection of services for sellers in the Edmonton area. Our client service manager can connect you with the best Liv™ agent for you.Free Home Evaluation
Liv Real Estate® listings feature "Liv REAL 3D™" walkthroughs. See a "dollhouse" view of our listings, floorpans, and walk right through homes and condos on your computer or mobile device. It's better than being there!
Find properties near you on your mobile device. EdmontonRealEstate.pro works just as well on your phone as it does on your computer. If you register you can save listings and property search, and see your favourites from any device. Bypass the search altogether and have new listings sent directly to your email address.
Not only can you view real time, third party verified ratings of our agents on their bio pages, you can rate your Liv Real Estate® agent when you work with us. In fact, we're so dedicated to customer satisfaction, we don't give out awards to our agents for sales, we only give awards for Customer Satisfaction, Leadership and Community Service.
We make it easy to find every MLS® listing in the Edmonton area, and when you find something you like, you can request showings when it's convenient for you. If we can arrange your preferred time with the seller, we'll meet you there!
EdmontonRealEstate.pro is one of the most popular real estate web sites in the Greater Edmonton Area; it's a great place to advertise your home for sale. All Liv Real Estate® listings are featured at the top of the search results with a "featured" banner.
Courtesy of Bobby Jaswal of Century 21 All Stars Realty Ltd
Courtesy of Bobby Jaswal of Century 21 All Stars Realty Ltd
The seller has chosen not to display their address online. Please contact us for more details.
Courtesy of Nicole Knowler of Purplebricks
Courtesy of Lorri Brewer of Infinite Realty Service