Edraw Helps More than 25,000,000+ Users to
Work Efficiently and Easily
Loved by user worldwide with over 35 million downloads, trusted by fortune 500 and other leading companies, we’re sure you’ll love Edraw immediately.
years of experience
Edraw users all over the world
software downloads so far
business partners
Why Choose Edraw?
Professional, Trustworthy, Affordable
"Wrapped in a comfortable-looking interface, Edraw Max brings rich features and tools for mind maps, like the diagram theme options and lots of exporting choices. Furthermore, some of the features, such as the Pencil or Pen tools to draw your own icons, are quite competitive compared to the majority of other free mind mapping tools."
"Edraw max provides all users with a broad spectrum of template which cuts across different fields ,career paths and needs. I am a software engineer and I have been able to leverage Edraw max to create software architectural templates ,mind maps ,mobile and website mockups."
"I generally use Edraw for building related charts, UML graphs and work structure breakdowns. It has made my work simple, Before that I needed to invest hours on structuring graphs in exceed expectations which was an unwieldy assignment."
"Wrapped in a comfortable-looking interface, Edraw Max brings rich features and tools for mind maps, like the diagram theme options and lots of exporting choices. Furthermore, some of the features, such as the Pencil or Pen tools to draw your own icons, are quite competitive compared to the majority of other free mind mapping tools."
"Edraw max provides all users with a broad spectrum of template which cuts across different fields ,career paths and needs. I am a software engineer and I have been able to leverage Edraw max to create software architectural templates ,mind maps ,mobile and website mockups."
"I generally use Edraw for building related charts, UML graphs and work structure breakdowns. It has made my work simple, Before that I needed to invest hours on structuring graphs in exceed expectations which was an unwieldy assignment."