California State University chancellor to retire, touts graduation gains
Hired in 2012, White pushed CSU efforts to drop remedial courses and raise graduation rates. His departure and that of UC’s Napolitano leave two big vacancies.
Larry Gordon And Michael Burke
California community college district works to fend off state takeover
October 22, 2019
The Bay Area district, Peralta Community College District, faces budgeting, auditing and enrollment challenges, according to a state agency.
Michael Burke
LA Unified must not keep data on academic growth from parents
October 21, 2019
Political arguments are getting in the way of sensible solutions.
Paige Kowalski and Seth Litt
East Bay district struggles with role of tutors in student learning
October 21, 2019
Bay Area district saved some tutor positions at reduced hours after critics said eliminating the positions would hurt the neediest students.
Theresa Harrington
Facebook donates $25 million to teacher housing project
October 18, 2019
Facebook announced Thursday that it would donate the money to help Santa Clara County build up to 120 affordable apartments in Palo Alto.
Diana Lambert
How one high school's dispute reflects the struggle to teach California’s science standards
October 18, 2019
California’s new science standards emphasize an approach that combines scientific disciplines.
Sydney Johnson
CSU graduation rates improve but still far from some goals
October 17, 2019
CSU shows progress but work remains to hit graduation targets. Up two points, only 27.5 percent of students who entered as freshmen finished in four years.
Larry Gordon
Frustration surfaces over redesign at East Bay school
October 17, 2019
Frustration with the pace of redesign surfaces at Stege Elementary, selected for an overhaul as one of California's lowest-performing schools.
Ashley A. Smith
California Teachers Association names new executive director
October 17, 2019
The California Teachers Association has named Joe Boyd as its new executive director. The organization represents 310,000 teachers.
Diana Lambert
Four lessons I learned from California’s Hollister prep on closing learning gaps
October 16, 2019
Improving student learning requires both academic rigor and flexibility in working with students based on their individual needs.