Trending Now
Senior Lawyer Rajeev Dhavan Tearing The Ram Birthplace Map In Supreme Court For Ayodhya Case Feels Straight Out Of A Bollywood Movie
ED Originals
In Pics: Was The Greek God Achilles Gay?
Achilles, the son of King Peleus and the nymph-goddess Thetis, was known as the greatest and most powerful of all the Greek warriors. He...
Politics
Relationships
Why Most Companies Prohibit Romantic Relationships At Work
Mohammed Aslam was a graphic designer at an IT company in Bangalore. His passion fueled his diligence and dedication at work and the company’s...
Social Opinions
Mumbai Police Now To Patrol On Horseback
Imagine this, you are on your way to a party during the festival season and the crowd dancing on the streets is blocking impatient...
300*250_home
Popular Posts
Entertainment
Breakfast Babble: I Don’t Like Being Judged For Watching ‘The Office’ For The Fifth...
Breakfast Babble: ED’s own little space on the interwebs where we gather to discuss ideas and get pumped up for the day....
Watch: Here’s What Indian Scientists Have Contributed To The World And Yet Never Gotten...
The Nobel Prize is the highest degree of appreciation awarded to an individual to honor the excellency of his/her work in a particular field. The...
This Indian Web Series On A Poly Relationship Is Refreshing To Watch
There is a certain satisfaction in finding a hidden gem which the rest of the mainstream audience has not yet discovered. Of course, there is...
Revealing The Secrets Of “Shadow Play”, An Ancient Form Of Storytelling – LivED It
Liv’ED It is an ED original style where we write about our personal experiences on experiencing and reviewing any app/place/website/experience which gives us a...
What Is With Tamil Cinema’s Bias For Only Fair Skin Actresses Who Are Not...
Contrary to popular belief, the Tamil film industry, or ‘Kollywood’ as it is widely known, has been producing many cinematic gems for quite some...
Campus
Dr Uma Chakravarti Was A Speaker At The Gender Conclave...
The Event And The Keynote Speaker: The Gender Forum of Kirori Mal College, Delhi University is conducting their Gender...
ED Shorts #25- Struggles of Being A Talkative Person
01:50
ED Shorts #16- Misconceptions About Girls From Lady Shri Ram College (LSR)
03:01
ED Shorts #23- Pain Of Being From An Unknown DU College
02:20
1 Minute OP-ED Episode 4: Nita Ambani's Handbag Is National News?!
01:44
Most Expensive Indian Paintings Ever Sold
00:59
ED Times' 2017 Milestones #Rewind
01:14
Follow Bill Gates’ 5 Hour Rule And Become Successful
00:59
These Quotes From Lady Diana Will Put Your Misconceptions About Becoming Royalty In Order
03:38
Check Out These Famous Hollywood Directors And Their Bollywood Counterparts
01:19
Your Glittery Mascara Is Costing Someone's Childhood
02:24
ED Times In Collaboration With Dhruv Rathee To Bring You Some Unknown News Pieces
05:25
Top 5 Mergers and Acquisitions in Tech: How to Spend Billions
02:43
10 Year Old Makes Fidget Spinners For Rs. 35 Which Can Cost Upto Rs. 87,000
01:30
ED Times Friendly Fridays With Actor Kalki Koechlin
11:05
Mass Sterilisation: The Horror Hidden In Beneficial Camps
01:11
Rajasthani Cuisine Isn't All About Dal-Baati, Here's Some Unexplored Food For You
01:40
Meher Malik On Following Your Heart With ED Times
01:26
Timeline Of Marvel Superheroes’ Birth In Comic And Movie
01:04
Why Messi Should Win The Ballon d’Or
01:20
Surprising Facts About Menstrual Hygiene And Care Of Indian Women
01:55
Flipkart Gets Major Funding: Buys eBay.in: Might Buy Snapdeal: All News Here
01:36
Female Genital Mutilation Is A Reality In India
01:20
What Is Common Between SRK-Modi-Amitabh Bhachchan- Virat Kohli And Ranveer Singh
01:36