Department for Education
for Education
Featured
Press release
Teacher workload cut by five hours a week over past three years
Teachers’ working hours fall by 5 hours compared to 2016, with the reduction driven by decrease in time spent on marking, planning and non-teaching tasks
Press release
Schools to learn funding allocations following £14 billion pledge
New figures to show how much schools will benefit from Government’s multi-billion pound investment in pupils’ education
Press release
First 'State of the Nation' report marks World Mental Health Day
More than 4 in 5 children and young people report being happy with their lives, as landmark new report on children’s wellbeing is published
Service
Access childcare support through the childcare service
Apply for Tax-Free Childcare and 30 hours free childcare.
Campaign
Hungry little minds: kids activities
Simple and fun activities to try with kids, from newborn to 5.
Open consultation
Online schools accreditation scheme
We are seeking views on a proposal to establish a voluntary accreditation scheme for online schools.
Latest from the Department for Education
What the Department for Education does
The Department for Education is responsible for children’s services and education, including early years, schools, higher and further education policy, apprenticeships and wider skills in England.
DfE is a ministerial department, supported by 17 agencies and public bodies.
Follow us
Documents
Guidance and regulationSee all guidance and regulation
News and communications
- Vital new support for young people leaving care
- Education Secretary announces new support for adoptive families
Policy papers and consultationsSee all policy papers and consultations
Transparency and freedom of information releases
- DfE monthly workforce management information: 2019 to 2020
- Young people NEET or activity unknown: comparative data scorecard
Our ministers
Our management
Contact DfE
General enquiries
Department for Education
Piccadilly Gate
Store Street
Manchester
M1 2WD
United Kingdom
Telephone
0370 000 2288
Fax
0161 600 1332
The national helpline is open between Monday and Friday, 9am to 5pm, although you may get a quicker answer by calling between 9am and 10am, or between 4pm and 5pm.
Preventing extremism in schools and children's services
Telephone
020 7340 7264
If you are concerned about extremism in a school or organisation that works with children, or if you think a child might be at risk of extremism, contact our helpline.
Open Monday to Friday from 9am to 6pm (excluding bank holidays).
Media enquiries
Central newsdesk
020 7783 8300
Make an FOI request
- Read about the Freedom of Information (FOI) Act and how to make a request.
- Check our previous releases to see if we’ve already answered your question.
- Make a new request by contacting us using the details below.
Freedom of information (FOI) requests
Piccadilly Gate
Store Street
Manchester
M1 2WD
United Kingdom
Telephone
0370 000 2288
Please note, we receive a large volume of requests asking for lists of contact details for schools, which are available from our 'Get information about schools' service.
High profile groups within DfE
Corporate information
Jobs and contracts
Read about the types of information we routinely publish in our Publication scheme. Our Personal information charter explains how we treat your personal information. Read our policy on Social media use.