Browse programs by category
Browse programs by level
Get inspired!
Articles & Advice
Need help preparing to study abroad? Check out our articles page for tips and advice on studying abroad.
Top 10 Rankings
Where's the best place to study abroad? Check out our official Top 10 rankings to find out!
Country Guides
Learn more about what it's like to study abroad in different countries around the world.
Quizzes & Tests
A variety of free tests and quizzes to help you discover your passions and inspire your studies.
Featured schools
Grow your career without putting it on hold
Maastricht School of Management (MSM) offers two part-time MBA programs designed for working professionals, the Executive MBA and the Online MBA. Which option would suit you best?
Say hello to Toronto!
Centennial College in Toronto is recognized as a leader in international education, with over 150 programs in Business, Engineering Technology, Communications, Media and Design, Hospitality, and Tourism.
Study your Bachelor in Hospitality Management in Switzerland
EHL (Ecole hôtelière de Lausanne) is widely renowned as the best hospitality management school in the world. We offer unique university-level programs that combine art and science, preparing our students for global careers in hospitality, events, banking, retail, luxury brands, consulting and many more.
Study the real world in Witten
The Master in Philosophy, Politics, and Economics at Witten/Herdecke University offers cutting-edge education at the interface between social sciences and philosophy.
International design masters programs in Milan
POLI.design develops training programs for young graduates and professionals, as well as training programs for companies that are closely focused on innovation.
Earn Your PhD at The University of Surrey
Offering a wide variety of PhD programs, The University of Surry provides exceptional teaching and practical learning to inspire and empower students for personal and professional success.
Let us introduce you to top schools!
At educations.com, we truly believe that students who study abroad become the next generation of globally-minded adventurers and leaders - and we want more of you to do it!
Every year, our search engine helps over three million students find, compare, and connect with some of the best universities and schools around the world.
🏫 2,000+ schools
🌏 60+ countries
🎓 70,000+ programs
Win a €5000 scholarship to study in Europe
Planning on studying a Master's degree in Europe? We're offering a scholarship to help cover your tuition fees and get you one step closer to your next great adventure!
Top 10 Countries to Study Abroad
Where should you study abroad? Check out the official 2019 country rankings to see which countries make the best study abroad destinations.
Career test - find your perfect career
Take our free career test that will match you with programs and careers based on your interests and personality.
Some of our 👌 partners
Like us?
Leave a review on Facebook so we can help others like you find their perfect study abroad adventure!