Form 1040 Simplified for Tax Year 2018 If You eFiled Today, What Would Your Tax Refund Date Be? Free Basic Income Below $100,000 Single/Married Jointly W-2 Income Only Free Amendment Free Re-eFile Auto-Downgrade Details $9.95 Free File Free State Returns Optional Free eFile & Print Free Premium Support Deluxe W-2 and 1099 Income Itemized Deductions Dependents Free Amendment Free Re-eFile Auto-Downgrade Details $39.95 Only $29.95 Start Free State Returns Optional Free eFile & Print Free Premium Support Premium Income over $100,000 Business/Invest. Income Business Deductions Free Amendment Free Re-eFile Auto-Downgrade Details $49.95 Only $39.95 Start Free State Returns Optional Free eFile & Print Free Premium Support Which Service Is Right For You? Why eFile.com? Tax Calculators Dare To Compare Up to 60% less than TurboTax®¹ Tax Topic Description Tax Topic:Tax Estimator, Calculator Description:Estimate your 2019 Tax Refund or Taxes Owed with the free Taxstimator. Start Now Tax Topic:Your Tax Refund Date? Description:When will your Tax Refund be in your bank, if you prepare and eFile now on eFile.com? Find out Now Tax Topic:Top 10 Tax Tools Description:Trending Tax Tools that will get you Tax Answers to your personal Tax Questions. No need to read complicated, confusing Tax Documents. Ask and Find Out Tax Topic:Where is My Refund? Description:Have you already filed? Find the status of your Tax Refund money. Where is My Refund Tax Topic:Top Tax Support Description:Get the Tax support that fits you. Select from a Tax Tool menu, Phone numbers, direct Taxpert Contact via your personal Tax support page. Tax Support Tax Topic:Why eFile.com? Description:Is eFile.com right for you: 1. Will your Taxes be done right? 2. Is your Tax Data safe? 3. Dare to Compare Now! Decide for youself Tax Topic:Do You Need to File? Description:If you are not sure as to whether you should file a Tax Return, you can use our Free FILEucator tool to find out. It's simple to do! Learn more Tax Topic:Talk to your Taxpert Description:Only at eFile.com will you have a personal Tax Support page where you discuss your Taxes with one and the same Taxpert. Unlike most other web sites, you will not be rotated among various support agents. Talk Taxpert Now Tax Topic:How eFile.com Works Description:Never e-filed before? Simple Step by Step description on how it all works. Check it out. 1 TurboTax® is a registered trademark of Intuit, Inc. Why Choose eFile.com? Top 10 Reasons Why Taxesfaction Guaranteed Dare To Compare To TurboTax® TickIT - You'll Be Fine! Tax Talk With Ted Your browser does not support the audio element. Support Where Is My Refund? Get Tax Return Support Taxes Too Taxing? Play The eFile Song! Your browser does not support the audio element. eFiler Feedback - Let's Share + Resolve "This is my third year in a row using you guys. You make it easy to do my taxes!" Jeffrey in Georgia "I’ve used online filing with other sites and always get frustrated because it takes so long. eFile.com is much easier. Thanks!" Christopher in Ohio