Watch how Michael Cyger walks you through all of Efty's great features
Efty is EXACTLY what I needed to keep track of my domain inventory and sales statistics, and - best of all - I have my own great looking marketplace!Saro Berejikian - TheBrandable.com
It's easy to navigate, has all the features I need, and it's offered at a very affordable price. Plus it's run by an awesome team that values their 'Eftees.' Thanks, guys!
I truly believe Efty is the best domain portfolio management platform in the world, hands down! Efty has made it super easy for me to manage all of my domains in one place. In addition, I was able to create my own beautiful domain marketplace website in just a few simple clicks. Two more features that I love are the ability to add domain logos to my marketplace and the ability to put up great looking 'for sale' landing pages for each of my domains.Joshua Schoen - UltraDomains.com
Since I started using Efty I have seen a great increase in inbound leads on my domains for sale and I finally have the all-in-one domain management solution that I have been looking for. Thanks, Efty team!
Efty has been a game changer for me and my domaining business. When I started using Efty, I could accomplish many tasks in seconds that would otherwise have burned up most of my weekends. I sell many more domains with much less work and pay much less in marketplace commissions thanks to Efty's exceptional landing pages.Rod Atkinson - NamePerfect.com
The developers of the Efty software keep listening to the needs of domain investors and keep making it better. I cannot think of any product I more wholeheartedly recommend if you are serious about growing your domain business.
I started using Efty because I wanted to have full control over my landing pages, be able to customize the text, add logos, and build my own marketplace at TheDomainStore.com with one click.Daniel Levi - ShiningStar.com
The feature I love most about Efty is the ability to track landing-page statistics using Google Analytics.
Since I started using Efty I have gotten a lot of great reviews on the look of my marketplace. I have also been able to determine which of my names get the most traffic, and that is important at renewal time.
As a part-time domain investor since 1997, I have never been able to keep track of my domain names purchases and sales in a way that makes sense to me. I was shocked (in a very good way) once I set up my Efty platform to see a complete picture of where I stood.Jason Davis - iDistance.com
Efty allows me to communicate with potential buyers directly, and instantly updates my financials while keeping track of the various platforms where I have my domain names listed.
For the price, there is nothing better in my opinion. I am an Efty believer!
No more searching through mail and spreadsheets. Efty contains all the info you need in one convenient and easy-to-navigate space.
Efty will bring you true insight into your portfolio performance, enabling you to manage, analyze and make informed decisions.
Efty has the info you need to make the right choices at the right moment. It's a shortcut to success - domaining made easy.
Select a marketplace theme and set up your For-Sale landing pages to increase inquiries and sales. And pay no commissions.
Efty improves the way domain name investors manage, market and monetize their portfolios.
The idea for Efty originated in 2013 during a hike in one of Hong Kong's many country parks by long-time friends, domain name investor Doron Vermaat and software entrepreneur Lionel Petitiaux.
In 2015, Michael Cyger, publisher of the award-winning educational website DomainSherpa.com, invested in Efty and joined the leadership team.
Together, they're building Efty into the one tool that every domainer loves to use and can't live without.