- Already a member?
- Log In
eHarmony is the first service within the online dating industry to use a scientific approach to matching highly compatible singles. eHarmony's matching is based on using its 29 DIMENSIONS® model to match couples based on features of compatibility found in thousands of successful relationships.
eHarmony is committed to helping singles find love every day and we are confident in our ability to do so. The eHarmony Compatibility Matching System® matches single women and men based on 29 Dimensions® of Compatibility for lasting and fulfilling relationships.
Traditional Internet dating can be challenging for those singles looking for love that lasts - but eHarmony is not a traditional dating site. Of all the single men or women you may meet online, very few will be compatible with you specifically, and it can be difficult to determine the level of compatibility of a potential partner through methods of conventional dating services – browsing classified ads, online personals, or viewing profile photos. Our Compatibility Matching System does the work for you by narrowing the field from thousands of single prospects to match you with a select group of compatible matches with whom you can build a quality relationship.
eHarmony is the first service within the online dating industry to use a scientific approach to matching highly compatible singles. eHarmony's matching is based on using its 29 DIMENSIONS® model to match couples based on features of compatibility found in thousands of successful relationships.
eHarmony is committed to helping singles find love every day and we are confident in our ability to do so. The eHarmony Compatibility Matching System® matches single women and men based on 29 Dimensions® of Compatibility for lasting and fulfilling relationships.
Traditional Internet dating can be challenging for those singles looking for love that lasts - but eHarmony is not a traditional dating site. Of all the single men or women you may meet online, very few will be compatible with you specifically, and it can be difficult to determine the level of compatibility of a potential partner through methods of conventional dating services – browsing classified ads, online personals, or viewing profile photos. Our Compatibility Matching System does the work for you by narrowing the field from thousands of single prospects to match you with a select group of compatible matches with whom you can build a quality relationship.
With over millions of registered users, the eHarmony member base is an ethnically, racially, and religiously diverse group of individuals of all ages - all of whom are looking to find someone special.
Amongst our most popular demographics are: Christian Singles, Jewish Singles, Asian Singles, 30s Singles and Senior Singles.
We understand it can be difficult to find a mate with whom you share a similar background, goals, or beliefs, and regardless of who you may be looking for, eHarmony wants to help you find the love of your life.
We know Canada and the people in it. So whether you're looking for single women in Toronto or eligible guys in Vancouver, we've got you covered. Our members come from all walks of life. You can narrow your search to specify if you're looking for Asian, Jewish, Muslim or Christian men and women - just to name a few. We understand dating is about more than just attraction and there are things that are important to our members beyond shared interests and hobbies. Whether it's a shared religion, family background or cultural heritage, our search function allows you to define what it is you're looking for in a partner.
When you join eHarmony, you're not just getting access to thousands of great Canadian singes - you'll also receive dating and relationship advice from our team of experts. Our Relationship Advice site features articles about everything from creating the perfect profile page to moving on after a bad breakup, so whether you're just starting your online dating journey or you want to know how to better your chances of meeting a match, our experts have the answers.
To get started today, simply complete our Relationship Questionnaire, and once your registration is confirmed we'll start sending you your compatible matches.Find out more about how eharmony works
Join free todayFind my matches
START free TODAY
We'll never, ever post anything