The No.1 Source for the Best Education Infographics
Other Infographics
Do You Know What eLearning Localization Is All About?
Posted on October 22, 2019
Other Infographics
A 9-Step Ready Reckoner To Convert Flash To HTML5
Do You Know What eLearning Localization Is All About?-Infographic eLearning Localization: What You Need To Know Along with eLearning translation, localization is equally important. Here's what you need to know: What Is eLearning Localization? eLearning localization is all about adapting content to a specific location and its culture. Here are a few examples of elements […]
Posted on October 18, 2019
Other Infographics
Do You Know These Facts About Rapid eLearning?
9-Step Ready Reckoner To Convert Flash To HTML5-Infographic Are you contemplating Flash to HTML5 conversions? Are you thinking of implementing mobile learning in your organization? Here's a ready reckoner that can give you a bird's eye view of the Flash to HTML5 conversion process, involving the following 9 steps: 1 Collect The Source Files Before […]
Posted on October 17, 2019
Other Infographics
How To Assess And Measure ROI For Your Organization
Do You Know These Facts About Rapid eLearning?–Infographic Rapid eLearning is not just a quick fix to plug training gaps. There's more to rapid learning. Here are some facts revealed. 1. Involves SMEs And Instructional Designers SMEs work closely with Instruction Designers to: Finalize course content Share ideas on design Review developed courses IDs design […]
Posted on October 16, 2019
Other Infographics
When Is Microlearning A Good Fit For Corporate Training?
How To Assess And Measure ROI For Your Organization-Infographic 5 Core Elements To Consider When Assessing And Measuring eLearning ROI 1. Determining The Right KPIs Key Performance Indicators can be used to gain insight. Gain valuable insight into: How learners are interacting with your course How course strategies are supporting overall business goals 2. Measuring […]
Posted on October 15, 2019
Other Infographics
Why Use Cloud-Based eLearning Authoring Tools?
When Is Microlearning A Good Fit For Corporate Training?—Infographic Microlearning can be a win-win for employees and organizations. But how do you decide whether microlearning is a good fit for online training in your organization? It will, when you tick these boxes: 1. Are Employees Hard-Pressed For Time? Getting employees to make time for training […]
Posted on October 1, 2019
Why Use Cloud-Based eLearning Authoring Tools?–Infographic Here are 4 reasons to use cloud-based eLearning authoring tools. 1. Facilitate Collaboration In eLearning Development A cloud-based authoring tool offers the flexibility of engaging multiple developers in course development. Files can be shared with other eLearning developers to facilitate collaborative eLearning development. 2. Cut Down Technical Demands Accessing […]
Educational Technology Infographics
View All
eLearning Infographics
6 Myths Of Rapid eLearning
Posted on September 24, 2019
eLearning Infographics
Top 20 eLearning Statistics For 2019 You Need To Know
6 Myths Of Rapid eLearning–Infographic 1. Anybody Can Create Rapid eLearning Using Authoring Tools For learning to be effective it has to be based on sound Instructional Design principles. 2. Rapid eLearning Means Low Quality Rapid eLearning doesn't compromise on course quality—development speed is accelerated. 3. Rapid eLearning Means No Creativity Creative Instructional Design strategies […]
Posted on September 17, 2019
Other Infographics
Chatbots Deliver Speed, But Consumers Still Want Humans. Are We Moving Too Quickly To Automation?
Top 20 eLearning Statistics For 2019 You Need To Know - Infographic The eLearning industry continues to expand, offering an ever-increasing array of eLearning tools to companies, government bodies, and individuals. The reach of eLearning today is greater than ever with the most rapid growth in emerging economies trying to close the education gap. In this […]
Posted on September 12, 2019
Other Infographics
The 6-Step eLearning Course Translation Process
Chatbots Deliver Speed, But Consumers Still Want Humans. Are We Moving Too Quickly To Automation—Infographic Bots are everywhere. But as Sci-fi predictions become reality, are consumers really ready for shiny and chrome? Despite today's technology-dependent environment, CGS's 2018 Global Consumer Customer Service Survey of more than 500 U.S. and U.K. participants found that many consumers […]
Posted on September 10, 2019
Other Infographics
The State of Popup Banner Campaigns on eLearning Industry 2019 Edition Infographic
The 6-Step eLearning Course Translation Process-Infographic Do you want to translate your eLearning courses into the local languages of your global workforce? Do you plan to outsource your eLearning translation? Here is a 6-step translation process that makes your job quick and with minimal cost and translation time. 1. Analyze Source Content And Prepare It […]
Posted on August 29, 2019
Other Infographics
8 Latest Digital Marketing Trends To Witness In 2019
The State of Popup Banner Campaigns on eLearning Industry 2019 Edition Infographic Every year, our Digital Marketing Experts analyze data from over 9M Popup Banner Impressions delivered to eLearning Professionals worldwide helping them to discover new eLearning Resources, Software, Features, Services, and Best Practices. eLearning Industry’s Numbers Until Now 570.813 Active Users per Month 97.000 […]
Posted on July 30, 2019
8 Latest Digital Marketing Trends To Witness In 2019—Infographic The digital marketing landscape is changing at a rapid pace. To survive the challenges of digital marketing and to stay ahead in the game, marketers need to stay updated with the evolving digital marketing trends. Today if you aren’t "wowing" your customers with personalized content or […]
Stay up to date on the latest eLearning news, articles, and free resources sent straight to your inbox!