Engineering Guides
Becoming the good electrical engineer requires a lot of passion, training and commitment. This comprehensive section is prepared as a resource for individuals and professionals interested in the electrical engineering career path.
In this section you will find very usefull books and guides related to electrical science in general, AC/DC electrical circuits, network protection, electrical installations, lighting etc.Browse //
Handbooks
Substation engineers nowdays are involved in projects from design and conceptualization to maintenance. Because of the wide range of industries using electrical engineers, many engineers specialize in some of the sub-discipline of electrical engineering.
Depending on background and expertise, projects can include systems such as energy transmission and distribution, protection and control etc.Browse //
This section is dedicated to tools every electrical engineer can use in daily work. These spreadsheets developed by enthusiasts will make your job much more easier, alowing you to shorten the time used for endless calculations of power cables, voltage drop, power factor, circuit breakers, capacitors, cable size, power transformers etc.
Just to mention that all calculation spreadsheets are FREE for download!Browse //
EEP - Electrical Engineering Portal
Energy & Power For All!
Is DC in distribution grids feasible enough to replace AC?
In our modern society, a highly reliable power supply is of great importance. The reason for this is that the most critical appliances are dependent on a constant and reliable… Read more
Intelligent distribution automation of MV/LV transformer stations at LV networks
Unlike passive filters, active filters do not produce connection overvoltages, because the charge will not be trapped in capacitors similarly. The typical structure of active filters contains an inductor, i.e…. Read more
Fault current selection for a circuit breaker from a substation layout
As you know, faults on electrical transmission and distribution systems can lead to severe economic losses, and that’s not good. Rapid information about the type and the location of the… Read more
MV application guide for engineers to select and specify the right equipment
Standard IEC 62271-1 defines standard ratings for medium voltage switchgear. Full name of this standard is ‘High-voltage switchgear and controlgear – Part 1: Common specifications for alternating current switchgear and… Read more
Preventive maintenance of substation equipment and transmission lines
The main advantage of Gas Insulated Substation (GIS) is its high reliability and also compactness which has direct influence on land requirement, land cost, environmental considerations, etc. The initial equipment… Read more
Training report on 400/220/132 kV switchyard in India (design and engineering)
400 kv Agra substation is one of the most important substation in India and it belongs to the largest power grid in the north India. The whole substation is divided… Read more
Basic power substation theory for students
Oil filled transformer makes use of oil for the cooling of major parts of a transformer. Oil filled transformers are transformers filled with a highly refined mineral oil that is… Read more