I’ve ridden every single ebike I can get my hands on in the last 5 years. So are fast, some are slow, some are big,
Reluctance is an engineering term that (as far as I can tell) means that when you create an electromagnetic field (in the shape of a
When I was young, one of my favorite memories was riding a minibike. For readers who may not know where that term comes from, back
The other day while slumming it on another ebiker’s blog (which I should never, ever do) I stumbled across this article titled “Why you don’t
Bright green Lime bikes, ebikes and scooters can be found all over many cities in the US. At first I relished the idea of a
So I’ve owned a Sur-Ron Light Bee for about 2 years now. I’ve used it extensively to get around on my 42 acres and it’s
I find this crap interesting. I readily admit that someone can be very good at building electric bikes, and still not know anything about the
Here is something that has bothered me for a really long time. Why is it that when your ebike gets stolen it’s such an incredible
For the first time ever, Climate protests have brought the climate crisis to the attention of pretty much everyone. I’ve felt for years that our
We wrote about how to double the life of your expensive lithium battery packs back in March of 2017 (for that story, click here). This
As of August 29, 2019…the US Secretary of the Interior will allow pedal-assist ebikes in all US national parks, and according to order number 3376…”Sec.
This…is a SCAM! I wouldn’t have thought that I would have to write about this, but if you shop around for any product, and there
Don’t get me wrong, I buy toilet paper, food, shampoo, and other household items from Walmart, just like millions of other consumers, but…I have some
Last year, Luna Cycles produced a battery pack that was fully potted, and every cell is individually fused. They call it the Wolf pack. This
This is a new product, but it’s coming from someone we have known for a long time. Paul Daniel was formerly an engineer at Brammo
Lee Iacocca recently passed away, and even though he is more well-known for other things, he was also a pioneer when it came to ebikes.
Recent Comments
Thanks! Correction made..By spinningmagnets View more
Couldn’t have said it better myself, I will be pointingBy Andy Kirby View more
jeff W did it ever arrive? waiting on reviewBy Cadre View more