Latest electrical, lighting, control and automation news
|
New PAT tester Launched by Robin Amprobe
Robin-Amprobe offers one of the largest ranges available to the electrical contractor and engineer Robin, one of the most famous brands within the UK electrical testing arena and now partnered with Amprobe, is offering a new, lightweight Portable App... [détails]
FLIR's new guide '12 things to consider before buying an infrared camera'
Although thermal imaging has never been more affordable it is still important for those investing in infrared to be certain they are getting the best value for money by choosing a camera model that will serve them well over time. While dynamic development continues to extend the application potential of thermography, it also presents the purchaser with a lot of choices which can be daunting. ... [more]
TE Connectivity’s Innovative Connection Technology for Cost-Effective Production Processes Coming to SPS IPC Drives
TE Connectivity (TE), a world leader in connectivity, will be highlighting its innovative industrial connection technology at SPS IPC Drives 2015. Visitors to booth number 210 in hall 10, will also be able to learn more about TE’s projects in the areas of Industry 4.0 and the Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT). "Our goal is to promote cost-effective production processes by innovative enginee... [more]
THE WORLD’S MOST DURABLE INFRARED WINDOW FROM IRISS
Infrared windows that are designed to withstand the rigours of the industrial environment and maintain accuracy are the products for which IRISS is already world-renowned. With its latest introduction, however, the company has set the bar even higher in terms of product durability. The new IRISS CAP-ENV is unequivocally the toughest and most reliable infrared window available and suitable for th... [more]
Electric Actuator News - AUMA extends SIL solutions
TÜV certification achieved by AUMA confirms that the company’s SQ .2 part-turn actuators, SA .2 multi-turn actuators and AC .2 actuator controls in SIL version comply with the highest safety requirements. The actuators have achieved full latest IEC 61508 edition 2 certification and are approved for safety-related systems up to SIL 3 (for redundant system architecture). The TÜV certification also a... [more]
BIN Acquires Koldwater Electrical Controls Training Software Company
St. Louis, MO--St. Louis based Business Industrial Network announced today that it has acquired Koldwater Software Co. Koldwater has been a long-time provider of training software for the electrical controls industry, achieving high rates of customer satisfaction. The addition of Koldwater to its automation training software lineup expands BINs already impressive industrial training portfolio an... [more]
|
Latest company newsFLIR Systems TE Connectivity IRISS AUMA Riester GmbH & Co. KG Business Industrial Network Koldwater Training Software GlacialLight TE Connectivity IRISS Ltd TalkTalk CWIEME IRISS CWIEME Berlin Flluke
Latest product news12 things to consider - handbook CAP-ENV infrared windows Electrical maintenance safety devices AUMA Actuators Koldwater Electrical Training Software GL-BL150 electrical maintenance safety devices infrared windows Electrical maintenance safety devices Infrared windows Installation Tester Terry Hilder RCBOs RCDs
Other electrical, lighting, power generation, automation, drives and control resourcesPost and search job vacancies - Post and search classifieds - Search directory and get listed - Electrical industry events - Electrical industry links - Free Electrical newsfeed for your site - Submit your press release