Magic seeps through the walls of Friedrichstraße 17, Berlin. From early eighteenth century experiments with animal electricity, through master illusionist Conradi-Horster’s spectacular vanishing tricks a hundred years later. Now, after many decades of darkness, that ancient magic seems to be awakening again.Read the story
Meet the six track groovebox that offers massive sound in a compact size. You get pretty much all of the Elektron superpowers in a sleek, lightweight, and accessible package. Loads of useful presets and loads of space for your own sounds. The controls are right there at your fingertips. A truly plug-and-play bundle of joy!Read more
Digitone represents our vision of how FM synthesis can be revitalized and modernized. Here’s how: combine FM sound generation with a classic subtractive synthesis signal flow. From jagged chaos to mellow soundscapes in less than a second. Digitone is one unique box.Read more
Digitakt is a compact sampling drum machine from Elektron. It contains all the necessary tools to make people move to the beat. A digital and highly flexible sound engine, sampling capability, a live-friendly sequencer, and dedicated tracks for controlling external MIDI gear.Read more
Discovering the perfect sample is the start of the process. Then twist it, mess around with it and rebuild it into something uniquely yours. The Octatrack MKII sets new standards for sampling as an art form.Read more
Welcome to Elektronauts – the prime community for music lovers all over the world. Engage in discussions, share your music and read what artists, both established and underground, have to say about music making.Take me to Elektronauts
Join the beta at our user forum Elektronauts. Please read the instructions thoroughly before installation.
Join us on a personal voyage, exploring the wonderful world of analog.Let’s begin
Add sparkly brilliance, or grimy roughness, to any sound source. Samplers, drum machines, synths, the master bus, you name it. Analog Heat MKII is a fiery furnace destined to make your music glow.Read more
Fuse distinctive analog percussion with samples. Bring in the power of sequencing and performance controls. The Analog Rytm MKII is a one stop solution beat machine.Read more
The Analog Four MKII represents the best of two worlds. Inimitable analog impact combined with razor-sharp digital accuracy. This is an analog synthesizer for the creative artist.Read more