The Best Practices. Don't Reinvent the Wheel!How it works
Today's Best Practices
- People are not your most important asset. The right people are!28Discussadd_shopping_cart$25.00by Stephen Goldberg
Acquisition Process: Detailled Overview, Timeline and Keys to SuccessBEST PRACTICE ACQUISITIONS: Details for each step and Tips for Success + Complimentary expert answer to Your Question103Discussadd_shopping_cart
Corporate and Business Law CourseThe need to know course for everything relating to Corporate and Business Law74Discussadd_shopping_cart$9.99by Rowan Malherbe
Create an Enchanting Business PlanHere is some advice on writing a great business plan at high level.366Discussadd_shopping_cartfreeby Guy Kawasaki
Three Statement Financial Excel Models & Valuation3 statement financial model that performs a DCF valuation.2,051Discussadd_shopping_cart
VBA - Automation of movement computation - Multiple periods - BASICVBA Script for automatic movement between periods - BASIC127Discussadd_shopping_cart
Bachelor / Bachelorette (Hen / Stag) Party Event Budget PlannerTemplate for preparing and managing budgets for stag, hen parties, and other events.65Discussadd_shopping_cart$25.00by ModellingGuy
SAAS FINANCIAL MODEL for FREETRIAL BUSINESS MODEL (Web/Mobile Applications) - SALE - 30% DISCOUNTA Web/Mob App Template with Monthly Recurring Revenue to back-up your SaaS business plan.1,3492add_shopping_cart
SaaS KPI Dashboard Excel TemplateThis is a highly professional KPI Dashboard to optimise the profitability of your SaaS business.148Discussadd_shopping_cart
Cash Conversion Cycle (CCC) Excel CalculatorMeasure the effectiveness of your company’s sales with this Cash Conversion Cycle Calculator632Discussadd_shopping_cart
Capital Budgeting Analysis Excel ModelThis Excel Model allows you to do a basic capital budgeting analysis for a project, and compute NPV, IRR and ROI12,7342add_shopping_cart
Waterfall Chart Excel TemplateAn effective tool for quickly working out financial changes over a period.208Discussadd_shopping_cartfreeby Brian Weisberg
Blockchain/ICO Forecasting and Analysis Financial Excel Model TemplateThis ICO model allows you to analyse and create financial projections for cryptocurrencies and blockchains.5113add_shopping_cart
Acquisition SynergiesCommunicate the main synergies between your group and a company you are considering for a potential acquisition1,012Discussadd_shopping_cart$6.00by WMI Consulting
Solar Farm Development Excel Model TemplateComplete financial model for financing, building, operating, and selling solar farms.8932add_shopping_cart$25.00by Spencer Dobson
Startup Pitch Deck TemplateWhy You Should Have a Pitch Deck & What It Should Include.814Discussadd_shopping_cartfreeby Malcolm Lewis
The Early Stage Business Plan template for Disruptive e-CommercesA How-to-Build a Seed to Series A Business Plan tool alongside an excel template for you to build upon.4,527Discussadd_shopping_cart
Last downloaded
- 15 seconds ago
CAFE BUSINESS PLAN Financial Model Excel Template - SALE - 30% DISCOUNTStarting a cafe business? That's where a Cafeteria Business Plan Financial Model Template comes to get you there.406Discussadd_shopping_cart
- 3 minutes ago
Tax Equity Analysis Excel Model for U.S. Renewable Energy ProjectsExcel model for renewable energy projects with analysis of tax equity.1,136Discussadd_shopping_cartfreeby Prof. Ed Bodmer
- 9 minutes ago
Balanced Scorecard Excel Model TemplateOne-page Balanced Scorecard Calculator for individual employees169Discussadd_shopping_cart
- 12 minutes ago
Multi-Criteria Analysis (Balance Scorecard) TemplateThis balance scorecard will help you analyze and compare strategic alternatives based on financial and other criteria.567Discussadd_shopping_cart
- 15 minutes ago
Human Resources Excel DashboardA succinct Excel Dashboard report, which focusses acutely on Human Resources outputs.3,065Discussadd_shopping_cart
- 20 minutes ago
SaaS Financial PlanA financial plan template for SaaS startups based on a model created for Zendesk9,290Discussadd_shopping_cart
- 20 minutes ago
LBO model - Leveraged Buyout AnalysisA step by step LBO model tutorial. It is easy to use and we provide support if needed. Have fun modeling!18,4327add_shopping_cart
- 25 minutes ago
Asset Purchase Agreement TemplateA template to help you detail the terms and conditions relating to a sale and purchase of assets in a company.393Discussadd_shopping_cart
- 26 minutes ago
LBO Excel Model Excel TemplateComplete LBO (Leveraged Buyout) model for financial analysis of potential investments and acquisitions.403Discussadd_shopping_cartfreeby Spencer Dobson
- 32 minutes ago
CFO Model (DEMO)Forecast model w/ integrated financials, cash budget, Equity, Capitalization, CapEx, OpEx, Payroll, and analytics tabs29Discussadd_shopping_cart
- 32 minutes ago
Warrant Form Template to Purchase SharesWarrant Template used to grant somebody the right to purchase shares.372Discussadd_shopping_cartfreeby Founder Institute
- 49 minutes ago
Sample Income Statement TemplateA sample income statement that is easy to edit and is set to easily tabulate your figures.490Discussadd_shopping_cart
- 50 minutes ago
Founder Salary CalculatorThis Founder Salary Calculator in Excel will help you work out how much you should pay yourself as the company Founder.341Discussadd_shopping_cart
- 51 minutes ago
Financial Model for Mobile Payment StartupIncludes assumptions page, income statement, balance sheet, cash flow statement and valuation sheet.2,548Discussadd_shopping_cartfreeby Tayfun Uslu
- 51 minutes ago
Cash Flow Statement Template in ExcelCash Flow Statement Template in Excel containing a suggested list of profit and expenses items your business may have.929Discussadd_shopping_cart
- 51 minutes ago
Balance Sheet Excel TemplateThis is a ready-to-use Balance Sheet Excel Template to use for your business's financials.148Discussadd_shopping_cart
- 52 minutes ago
Cash Flow Statement Excel TemplateThis is a highly professional, ready-to-use Cash Flow Statement template for analyzing your company's financials.329Discussadd_shopping_cart
- 52 minutes ago
Startup Excel ModelA startup financial model that can be sent to a Venture Capital, Private Equity Firm or Hedge Fund.35,1146add_shopping_cart
- 53 minutes ago
Discounted Cash Flow (DCF) ModelA step by step Discounted Cash Flow Analysis Tutorial (DCF model)41,34329add_shopping_cart
- 54 minutes ago
Converting Operating Lease ExpensesConvert operating lease expenses into financing expenses and restates operating income and debt outstanding433Discussadd_shopping_cart
Last purchased
CAFE BUSINESS PLAN Financial Model Excel Template - SALE - 30% DISCOUNTStarting a cafe business? That's where a Cafeteria Business Plan Financial Model Template comes to get you there.406Discussadd_shopping_cart
Self Storage - Real Estate Development ModelA fully functional and dynamic Real Estate Development Model to assess the feasibility of a Self Storage property46Discussadd_shopping_cart$30.00by Jair Almeida
BCG Matrix Excel TemplateSimply enter values for market share, growth rate and the revenue to easily produce a BCG Matrix1,372Discussadd_shopping_cart$3.00by Jhett Koo
Water Concession - Build and Operate Excel Model TemplateA full Water Concession Excel Model Template to construct and operate the facility.196Discussadd_shopping_cart$49.00by Fin-Wiser Advisory
Start-up Airlines Proforma Excel Model TemplateThis was a financial model for a start-up airlines to raise funds from the investors and banks.856Discussadd_shopping_cart$90.00by Mahender K. Punhani
Ultimate Startup Cap Table and Return Analysis Excel TemplateSample cap table excel template with exclusive waterfall return analysis.3,5881add_shopping_cart
Startup/ E-Commerce Financial Model Excel TemplateA detailed eCommerce Financial Model brought to you by CFI to help you successfully model your business.376Discussadd_shopping_cart
Analysing data in ExcelA set of techniques for working with data in Excel367Discussadd_shopping_cart
Predictive statistics in financial modellingIn this publication I will demonstrate a few techniques of using statistics for making better forecasts in financial mod163Discussadd_shopping_cart
Management Consulting Presentation Templates (Full Version)You will find here a number of most useful slides (20 different types) used during consulting projects.250Discussadd_shopping_cart$25.00by Asen Gyczew
SaaS/Subscription Financial Excel ModelRobust financial model/budget for any SaaS or subscription business579Discussadd_shopping_cart$20.00by Evan Diaz de Arce
Sample Executive Summary for InvestorsBusiness plan executive summary for first introduction to investors.1,762Discussadd_shopping_cart$5.00by Marty Zwilling
Inventory Tracking Excel Template - Multiple LocationsManage inventory that moves back and forth between multiple locations (up to 21).1,487Discussadd_shopping_cart$45.00by Jason Varner
Discounted Cash Flow DCF Valuation Model Template (Mining Company)Financial model that performs a DCF & Relative valuation on Mining Company.94Discussadd_shopping_cart$30.00by Fin-Wiser Advisory
Discounted Cash Flow (DCF) Analysis with IRR and NPVSeveral spreadsheets that can be used for the analysis of a real estate investment from various perspectives14,7602add_shopping_cart$40.00by Prof. Norm Miller PhD
3-Statement Model with DCF Valuation (MS Excel Model Template)A 3-Statement (IS, BS, CF) financial model with DCF (Discounted Cash Flow) valuation.64Discussadd_shopping_cart
Financial risks evaluationHighlight and explain the financial risks of a revenue statement scenario.240Discussadd_shopping_cart$15.00by WMI Consulting
Business Valuation Excel Model with Pro-Forma Financial StatementsThe business valuation model provides an accurate and robust financial reporting structure to value proposed investments480Discussadd_shopping_cart$26.00by Business Spreadsheets
Financial Model Detective Book: Hints and Tricks on how to Review Project Finance modelsThis book describes how to carry out a financial model review in a systematic and methodical way.49Discussadd_shopping_cart$29.99by FinExMod
Acquisition Process: Detailled Overview, Timeline and Keys to SuccessBEST PRACTICE ACQUISITIONS: Details for each step and Tips for Success + Complimentary expert answer to Your Question103Discussadd_shopping_cart
Featured Categories
Featured Best Practices
Pitch Deck Template: The End of Ugly Decks for Startup FoundersThis is a pitch deck made specifically for fundraising that you both need and want.773Discussadd_shopping_cart$39.00by Alexander Jarvis
Advanced Dashboard Design CourseThe complete advanced Dashboard Design Course for Excel. Learn how to create 4 types of corporate dashboards.138Discussadd_shopping_cart$349.00by Marcus Small
Invisible Advantage Toolkit - Create a Culture of InnovationLearn how to create a culture of innovation with the Invisible Advantage Toolkit from the award winning book.New!Discussadd_shopping_cartfreeby Soren Kaplan
Startup KPI Analysis – Ecommerce/Digital Payment - Excel ModelAn effective model to monitor and analyse financial performance of a startup.7341add_shopping_cart$99.00by Dane Putranto
Mobile App Financial Excel Model TemplateThis Mobile App Financial Model is the perfect companion for any SaaS startup looking to model their finances.494Discussadd_shopping_cart$100.00by Someka
Airbnb Financial Model TemplateShort term rental financial model that accommodates up to 5 properties and evaluates the feasibility of the investment.274Discussadd_shopping_cart
Generic Startup Financial Projection 3 statement Excel ModelUser-friendly model for preparing a financial projection for a startup business1,502Discussadd_shopping_cart$30.00by Projectify
Blockchain/ICO Forecasting and Analysis Financial Excel Model TemplateThis ICO model allows you to analyse and create financial projections for cryptocurrencies and blockchains.5113add_shopping_cart
Hotel Budgeting Excel TemplateHotel budget template is a one-year financial planning template which enables the user to project BS, PnL, CF.426Discussadd_shopping_cart
Excel Gantt Chart TemplateThis Gantt Chart is a professional and logical Excel tool.205Discussadd_shopping_cart$35.00by Someka
Monthly Planning Model - Barbershop - 3 Years Excel ModelAn effective model for planning and monitoring a barbershop business performance on monthly basis.2902add_shopping_cart$35.00by Hanz Hargianto
Ecommerce Financial Fundraising Excel TemplateThis is the best excel model template you will find on fundraising for your ecommerce startup1,553Discussadd_shopping_cart$356.00by Alexander Jarvis
SaaS Excel Financial Plan TemplateA SaaS financial plan that allows you to create your own financial forecast. Suitable for startups and SMB's.1,402Discussadd_shopping_cart
Most popular Best Practices
Discounted Cash Flow (DCF) ModelA step by step Discounted Cash Flow Analysis Tutorial (DCF model)41,34329add_shopping_cart
Startup Excel ModelA startup financial model that can be sent to a Venture Capital, Private Equity Firm or Hedge Fund.35,1126add_shopping_cart
Sample Financial ModelTemplate for determining cost realities and financial projections for potential investors' demands.30,8951add_shopping_cart$15.00by Marty Zwilling
E-Commerce Financial Model for StartupsAn extremely detailed, methodical package for entrepreneurs on how to build a financial model for an e-commerce startup.21,4241add_shopping_cartfreeby Matt Carroll
LBO model - Leveraged Buyout AnalysisA step by step LBO model tutorial. It is easy to use and we provide support if needed. Have fun modeling!18,4317add_shopping_cart
Discounted Cash Flow Model TemplateA fully customizable excel model to match your needs, and use as a starting point or as a full DCF tool for valuation.16,500Discussadd_shopping_cartfreeby Firmex
Venture Capital Method (Single Round Financing)A full model enabling an entrepreneur to understand assumptions of both sides of the table in a single round financing14,4783add_shopping_cart
Startup Pro-forma Profit and Loss statement (P&L) TemplateMade to help you construct a high level operation plan for your startup.20,7571add_shopping_cartfreeby Charlie Tillett
Startup Valuation VC Method + excel SpreadsheetExcel template made to understand how VCs value the money that will be used to invest in a startup13,521Discussadd_shopping_cartfreeby Serious Funding
Discounted Cash Flow (DCF) Analysis with IRR and NPVSeveral spreadsheets that can be used for the analysis of a real estate investment from various perspectives14,7602add_shopping_cart$20.00by Prof. Norm Miller PhD
SaaS Metrics DashboardA simple KPI sheet for early-stage SaaS startups with a low-touch sales model.12,4072add_shopping_cart
Pricing Your Product: Product Costing Excel TemplateExcel spreadsheet to calculate how much it costs to produce your product.24,469Discussadd_shopping_cart
Cap Table and Exit Waterfall Template for Excel and Google SheetsA Cap Table and Exit Waterfall template for Entrepreneurs and Investors9,6838add_shopping_cartfreeby Taylor Davidson
Rental Property Investment ModelA model for calculating returns on rental properties9,6256add_shopping_cartfreeby Amit Tandon
Startup Financial Model TemplateA simple financial model for an early-stage startup/anyone building a model for a company6,142Discussadd_shopping_cartfreeby David Teten
SaaS Financial PlanA financial plan template for SaaS startups based on a model created for Zendesk9,288Discussadd_shopping_cart
Newly published
Solar PV Project and Tax Equity Financial Excel ModelA full & professional 17 sheets Solar PV project and tax equity finance mode in Microsoft Excel.2672add_shopping_cart$199.00by MACH BS
How to Tune Business Strategy For Long-Term SuccessLearn how you can achieve long-term success by tuning your business strategy.New!Discussadd_shopping_cartfreeby Marty Zwilling
E-commerce Store Financial ModelThis Financial Model is specifically built for those Startups/SME's who have e-commerce stores in Market Places.New!Discussadd_shopping_cart$350.00by Sadaf Abbas
360 view of Sales, Cost and ProfitabilityWould you like to get a 360' view of your sales,cost and profitability? Are you making the correct decisions?10Discussadd_shopping_cart$190.00by Karypidis Dimitrios
Stock Valuation Tool Piotroski (FREE VERSION)Stock Valuation for the Piotroski F-Score in Excel (FREE VERSION)New!Discussadd_shopping_cart
Stock Valuation for the Levermann Score in Excel (FREE VERSION)Stock Valuation for the Levermann Score in Excel (FREE VERSION)New!Discussadd_shopping_cart
Stock Valuation LevermannStock Valuation for the Levermann Score in ExcelNew!Discussadd_shopping_cart$20.00by Markus Polzer
Multi-Product Break-Even Analysis / Cost-Volume-Profit Analysis (Multi-Product Company)Professional Multi-Product Break-Even/Cost-Volume-Profit Analysis (For up to 10 products)119Discussadd_shopping_cart$12.00by The Startup Excel Store
Founder Friendly Term Sheets & Startup ContractsAddendum for term sheets, employment agreements, bylaws, etc. with favorable terms for entrepreneurs.5562add_shopping_cartfreeby Eisaiah Engel
Predictive statistics in financial modellingIn this publication I will demonstrate a few techniques of using statistics for making better forecasts in financial mod163Discussadd_shopping_cart
Stock Valuation PiotroskiStock Valuation for the Piotroski F-Score in ExcelNew!Discussadd_shopping_cart$5.00by Markus Polzer
M&A Process SellSide: 20 Slides Detailled Guide with Overview, Strategies and Key MomentsA thorough overview of a Company's Sale Process with key phases, issues to consider, strategies and much more38Discussadd_shopping_cart
Sales Manager Comparison Tool (UNLOCKED)Model for Sales Manager to use in evaluating success of sales regions & staff19Discussadd_shopping_cart$19.00by ExcelModels
Sales Manager Comparison Tool (DEMO)Model for Sales Manager to use in evaluating success of sales regions & staff177Discussadd_shopping_cart
Online Shop Financial ModelOnline Shop Financial Model presents the business case of a brand new start up Online Shop with an upfront investment in12Discussadd_shopping_cart
Startup Excel Accounting System with Auto Generated ReportsComes with a dr/cr account, income statement, balance sheet and cash flow statement, all which auto chart4831add_shopping_cartfreeby Benjamin J. Boyle
Newly rated
SaaS Financial Model: Simple Template For Early-Stage StartupsSimple financial planning tool tailored for early-stage SaaS entrepeneurs.4,061Discussadd_shopping_cartfreeby Gary Gaspar
Seed Enterprise Investment Scheme (SEIS) Model Term SheetA user friendly term sheet that is tailored for raising equity investments that qualify for tax relief1,098Discussadd_shopping_cart
9-Box Matrix Template: Performance vs PotentialPerformance vs Potential 9 box matrix to help you identify what stage employees are at in their professional development5,5351add_shopping_cartfreeby Ermi Group
Corporate Summary Excel DashboardA succinct Corporate Summary Excel dashboard report which displays a range of organisational metrics (actual vs plan).11,731Discussadd_shopping_cart
Warehouse Inventory Management Excel TemplateExcel template for warehouse inventory tracking and management8,2491add_shopping_cartfreeby App Sheet
EXCEL DEMO Freemium Business Model SaaS Excel TemplateThis the downloadable DEMO version of the of Freemium Business Model SaaS Excel Template in Excel format.189Discussadd_shopping_cart
Angel Investment Term Sheet TemplateA founder-friendly term sheet template for angel investment.3,861Discussadd_shopping_cart
How to Properly Record Deferred Revenue in SaaSThis is a template helping your SaaS business to record Deferred Revenue.144Discussadd_shopping_cart
Cost of Goods Manufactured Excel Model TemplateExcel model for scheduling the cost of good manufactured for your business3,998Discussadd_shopping_cart
Three Statement Financial Excel ModelFully-linked three statement financial model with assumptions in a single tab8,041Discussadd_shopping_cart
Startup Excel ModelA startup financial model that can be sent to a Venture Capital, Private Equity Firm or Hedge Fund.35,1126add_shopping_cart
Startup/ E-Commerce Financial Model Excel TemplateA detailed eCommerce Financial Model brought to you by CFI to help you successfully model your business.376Discussadd_shopping_cart
Modeling Sales Data for E-commerce businessesUsing MS Excel's Business Intelligence features to analyse sales data.5,1944add_shopping_cartfreeby Ashish Mathur
Predictive statistics in financial modellingIn this publication I will demonstrate a few techniques of using statistics for making better forecasts in financial mod163Discussadd_shopping_cart
SaaS Metrics 2.0 DashboardA dashboard to help founders manage their SaaS business10,173Discussadd_shopping_cartfreeby David Skok
Capital Budgeting Analysis Excel ModelThis Excel Model allows you to do a basic capital budgeting analysis for a project, and compute NPV, IRR and ROI12,7332add_shopping_cart
Best priced
Online Marketplace Start-up Excel Financial ModelBUSINESS START UP FINANCE PLANNING MODEL FOR SELLING THROUGH AMAZON, SHOPIFY ETC689Discussadd_shopping_cart$29.00by David Hubbard
SAAS FINANCIAL MODEL for FREETRIAL BUSINESS MODEL (Web/Mobile Applications) - SALE - 30% DISCOUNTA Web/Mob App Template with Monthly Recurring Revenue to back-up your SaaS business plan.1,3492add_shopping_cart
General Management KPI Dashboard Excel TemplateThis KPI dashboard is an effective tool that can be used to measure the performance of your business' management.4,1082add_shopping_cart
SaaS FINANCIAL MODEL Made Simple 3 Pricing Tiers + Actuals Tracker Opt-in - Buy for $90 - 30% DISCOUNTSaaS FINANCIAL MODEL 3 Tiers + Actuals Tracker Opt-in allows making a financial projection in 90 min. Buy for $90664Discussadd_shopping_cart
IT Startup Financial Projections Excel Model TemplateA simple IT Startup Financial Projections Excel workbook.570Discussadd_shopping_cart$15.00by Hisham Balatiah
DAYCARE BUSINESS PLAN Financial Model Excel Template - SALE - 30% DISCOUNTA full DayCare business plan financial model for your investor-ready childcare business plan.1,194Discussadd_shopping_cart
Feasibility Metrics (NPV, IRR and Payback Period) Excel TemplateNet present value, internal rate of return and payback period and see the results in dynamic graphs.585Discussadd_shopping_cart$3.00by Big4WallStreet
Ultimate Collection of Cover Picture Templates for your Eloquens Best PracticesA collection of 20 Powerpoint Cover Picture Examples for your Eloquens Best Practices for you to use as an author.90Discussadd_shopping_cart$50.00by Eloquens Team
Startup Investment Valuation Excel ModelValuation Excel Model for Startups, created to help you understand the process of raising funds from investors.390Discussadd_shopping_cart$30.00by Hisham Balatiah
Mergers and Acquisitions (M&A) Financial Excel ModelA complete financial model for mergers and acquisitions (M&A). Includes DCF, accretion/dilution, sensitivity, much more.2,559Discussadd_shopping_cart
All in One Private Equity ModelUsed by Investment Professionals at Private Equity and IB Firms6,5752add_shopping_cart$180.00by John Swan
Excel Finance Administration DashboardThe dashboard displays an incredible range of data in a succinct, clear, pliable easy to update summary.5,159Discussadd_shopping_cart$35.00by Marcus Small
Due Diligence Template Request List for Startup Fundraising from investorsDue diligence request list template for raising funds from investors for your startup907Discussadd_shopping_cart
Break Even Analysis / Cost Volume Profit Analysis Excel ModelA full Break-even analysis Excel Model to analyse when your product/service reaches profitability.1,215Discussadd_shopping_cart
Powerful and Customizable Debt Module Excel ModelPowerful, highly customization and free debt calculations module.651Discussadd_shopping_cart$19.00by Alex Martyanov
How to Calculate Minimum Hourly Rate For Service Providers + PackagesCalculator in Excel and explanatory video demonstrating how much you should charge for client work.673Discussadd_shopping_cart$10.00by George Kao
Find and Publish Best Practices
I'm looking for a Best Practice
Find the Best Practice you need, download it, and get instant impact
I want to share my Best Practices
Upload your Best Practices, write a methodology, publish them and get revenue
Testimonials
Straightforward & Well-Organized
Melis Gül
Excel Solutions Website
« Our Eloquens Author Channel and participation in the Marketplace has a great potential for our business. Eloquens leads you through the whole process to provide you with an easy-to-follow sales channel. Everything was straightforward and well-organized. Thank you Eloquens Team! »
Solving a need that I had!
Lance Rubin
CEO & Founder of Model Citizn and professional financial modeler and trainer for FMI
« Eloquens is solving a need that I had in terms of hosting my Excel models, which I didn't really want to host locally on my website, but rather link to another platform. The public exposure and support, including notifications when members download my models, is great feedback that I am actually helping a broader community understand and develop their modeling skills. »
Makes life easier for more people
Alexander Jarvis
Founder at Perfect Pitch Deck
« Eloquens is a great idea to solve the problem so many people have with finding the tools they want! 75% of all startup is the same, so why Reinvent the Wheel when someone has done it already? I use Eloquens to share both my paid and free tools and extend what I do to help make life easier for more people. »
A Trusted & Recommended Marketplace
Ben Murray
CFO passionate about financial visibility, SaaS Metrics, and SaaS economics.
« Eloquens is a trusted marketplace to share quality content aligning with my mission to promote quality tools to the SaaS community with other SaaS experts. It provides another channel for me to help SaaS founders and startups. I love the real-time content stats and would recommend to other content and training publishers. »
Giving Back To The Entrepreneurial Community
Brian Weisberg
Head of Finance and Business Operations at Tidelift, Inc.
« My interest in Eloquens stems from my passion for open source and free software - that is free as in speech, not free as in beer. I am a firm believer in paying it forward. I have often found myself looking to answer a number of particular (and often common) financial questions. Knowing that I am not the only one looking for answers, I'd like to give back to the broader entrepreneurial community, both to people who may not have the necessary resources or background to build a tool or to those who do, but spare time is scarce (who likes reinventing the wheel anyway?). »
Distributive. Binding. Competitive.
Henry Sheykin
#1 SAAS TOOL in 2018 Financial Model creator
« Distributive. Binding. Competitive. All about Eloquens.com through my prism. My first and foremost objective on Eloquens is to share the knowledge I have. And the most exciting thing about it is that this sharing process is mutual. So, pragmatically, Eloquens is not just a platform to share yourself but also to absorb yourself. I benefit from Eloquens as an additional high-end channel to draw attention to the financial models I create. My portfolio here works as a proof of my competence and a hook for the potential customers. Certainly, it serves to the advantage of the business-makers of any scope or level. On this behalf, I strongly recommend others to enjoy the service to the full. »
Paradise on Earth!
Aleix Valls
CEO and Cofounder at LiquiD Flow to the Digital Age
« Paradise on Earth! We are so excited to have a marketplace centralising so many useful tools and templates for us. I help clients design and execute new digital ventures and with Eloquens.com, we can get access to actionable know-how and useful tools, in order to support the needs of our clients. Eloquens is actionable and real knowledge. A unique marketplace of useful business tools at your finger tips. With Eloquens "we get s**t done". »
Eloquens is just great!
Viktor Mirovic
Founder at Helius Ventures
« I am using Eloquens to help me kickstart my modelling as it provides a great headstart with the templates the authors provide. Eloquens accelerates my time to build and cross-check financial and business logic we're using to develop insight and support decision-making. I totally recommend it to others. Eloquens is to financial professionals what any stockphoto repository or presentation template vendor is to marketeers. Just great! »
Generating Passive Revenue!
Asen Gyczew
Expert in performance improvement and restructuring with significant experience
« I am using Eloquens as a part of our content marketing strategy. While for disseminating presentations we use Slideshare, Eloquens is much better suited for business analysis and financial models. We also make a small income from some of our content. It is also a great library of similar products that we also use also to get inspired by other people’s work. I would definitely recommend Eloquens if you are trying to selling professional services and you enjoy content marketing. »
Eloquens is the right platform
Hans Ensing
Managing Director Syleus and Partners. Risk management expert, author, consultant.
« Eloquens.com gives us the right platform to broadcast our expertise, skills, and approach in the financial services industry. Sharing our models, paid or free, leads to an awareness of the new generation of financial models and techniques that users can download for their needs. »
100% recommend Eloquens
David Hubbard
Freelancing producing Finance Models for both "bricks & mortar" startups and SAAS startups.
« I use Eloquens because it is easily the best web portal for promoting the skills that I have built up over the years. It connects me quickly and easily to the essential worldwide market segment I need with the very minimum of hassle. You create a product, or take it off the shelf if already done, upload it and let Eloquens do all the hard work. It has connected me with more customers and potential customers in the two months that I have been using than I found from over a year of using other Freelance sites - whose names I had better not mention! I would 100% recommend Eloquens to other professionals in my position - from both an ease of use perspective and also, not insignificantly, its excellent pricing model. »
The GitHub in the world of finance
Alex Martyanov
Professional Private Practice - Financial Modeling
« I really like Eloquens as it is trying to make a relatively conservative financial industry more open and unified. It is like GitHub in the world of finance and by providing top-quality models and template Eloquens could raise the financial modeling standards to a higher level. »
A proven platform!
Marcus Small
Director at TheSmallman.com
« Eloquens is a proven platform which is very simple to use. I upload my material, make expansive descriptions, then publish on the site, it could not be simpler. Eloquens take care of everything and I highly recommend the site. »
Gained Time, Money & Outperformed Expectations
Gaurav Sandhya
Co-Founder of Tight The Nut
« Eloquens provides a one stop solution for my start-up. When starting my own start-up, I was not aware about how to build financial projections in the context of a fundraising round. Having a small budget, my search on Google led me to Eloquens.com's marketplace. I found dozens of SaaS models by talented authors enabling me to build my own model for my investors very quickly. They were impressed by the end result! Eloquens is great because you can also reach out to authors for help directly via Private Message. I highly recommend Eloquens to entrepreneurs who recently started their venture and want to grow rapidly. Sign-Up now! »
Eloquens is an excellent user-friendly platform
Projectify
Financial Modelling Solutions
« We highly recommend Eloquens as a platform that is helping to make professionally-built tools and templates accessible to an ever-wider audience. Eloquens is an excellent user-friendly platform that is enabling users to improve their financial modelling knowledge or gain deeper insight on their businesses without having to spend valuable time building templates and models from scratch. We are very pleased to be hosting our tools and models, it is helping us to gain strong visibility and obtain valuable feedback whilst also getting the opportunity to earn a financial contribution from our modelling skillset and to contribute to the growing pool of resources. »
Great place to share your ideas!
Jacek Polewski
Financial Modelling and Data Analysis Consultant
« I've been using Eloquens to increase my visibility. I believe that people coming to the platform look for specific solutions and being part of the approved choices offered has a positive impact on my credibility. It also enables me to validate my work by comparing it to works of others. It is a great place to share your ideas and get an exposure (with additional potential of generating some revenues). »
Best Marketplace I've seen so far
Jason Varner
smarthelping.com - Freelancer - I make my living working in Excel and G-sheets.
« I am using Eloquens to be able to share logical architectures that can be used to forecast various business models.The benefits for me are networking and monetary gains from purchases. I would recommend Eloquens as the best marketplace site I have seen for tutorials/financial models. »
Amazon.com for Financial Models
Andrew Grigolyunovich, CFA, CFM
Founder & CEO at CFOTemplates.com
« Eloquens is very similar to Amazon.com in the niche of financial models. We've been running our CFOTemplates website since 2011, but Eloquens platform gave us an additional sales channel. With user-driven content creation, they are bound to be ranked very high on Google at no cost. »
Leads you to your goals
Mark Speck
Innovative Executive specializing in Finance, Operations, Audit, & Compliance with Extraordinary Track Record of Success
« Eloquens is the single source to access a full range of professional business knowledge from alpha to omega. Need a specific report that rivals those of the big 4? Now you can easily find these valuable resources or even request something unique that one of the member experts can provide. Tired of reinventing that proverbial wheel? You will not only save time, but obtain access to a resource that will lead you to your goal. »
Standing on the Shoulders of Giants
David Parker
Strategic Business Growth, Partnering & Investing (M&A) ★ Gets Clients 20-200%+ More Profit ★ Guaranteed Results
« We're using Eloquens to host and leverage a growing library of intellectual property assets to attract and convert more leads to clients. Plus, with our philosophy of "standing on the shoulders of giants", we get more visibility into what are some of the best already-existing tools out there and their authors, which saves a tremendous amount of time, and makes it easier to identify and initiate new strategic partnerships. »
A fantastic website!
Benjamin J. Boyle
Conference Speaker | Investor | Futurist
« Eloquens is a fantastic website for financial modelers, analysts and business people alike. I spend a good portion of my time building advanced calculators and models and it is a great feeling knowing that others can gain benefit from using the tools I have built. I not only benefit from the website as a contributor but accessing the models others have built allows me up-skill and further hone my abilities by bench-marking my future work on the amazing work done by others. »
A great platform!
Yash Mantri, AFM
Founder and Operations Head at Infocrest (Business Plan Writer and Financial Modeler)
« Eloquens.com is a great platform which has helped to showcase our products (Business Plans, Financial Models, Pitch Deck, Corporate Presentations) across the globe and is acting as a problem solver for companies wanting to reduce their operational cost by saving time when creating something - why not simply build on something which is already available? All the best to the Eloquens Team! »
Recommend Eloquens with a 5-star rating
Faheem Moosa
Helping young companies (<5 yrs) achieve clarity, focus & structure for growth
« As a management consultant involved in projects for clients in many different industries, I love Eloquens.com It is is my go-to place to find quality financial models, tools and templates. As an author on the platform, sharing my best tools gives me more reach and exposure. I recommend Eloquens with a 5-star rating. »
Finding everything in one website
Ivan Klykov
Corporate Finance | M&A | Private Equity | Venture Capital | Project Finance | Restructuring
« I really do appreciate the work of Eloquens, you make financial modeling much easier, as a user is able to find almost all existing models on a one single web-site. As an author, I managed to meet excellent financial professionals and develop my professional network. I recommend Eloquens to those, who want to develop their skills in financial modeling and corporate finance. »
Expanded the reach of my ideas
Marty Zwiling
Founder & CEO, Startup Professionals, Inc.
« I find that Eloquens has really helped my visibility, and brought a whole new level of interest for my message and tools, without expensive advertising. I would recommend it to anyone who is trying to reach a broader entrepreneur and small business community with advice, products or services. »
A great place to generate passive revenue
Amit Tandon
Excel & VBA, Promoter - ExcelAnytime.com
« I use Eloquens to promote the visibility of my expertise by sharing some Excel Models. The Platform is a great place to generate some passive revenue through user contributions with many features to increase interactivity around content and generate user ratings. Besides, it's a pleasure to help so many people out in such a simple way! Recommend it. »
Getting valuable feedback
Russ Penlington
Purpose built models for financial analysis
« Eloquens has allowed us to provide free and affordable solutions to business and educational users through a targeted, community driven platform. Getting valuable feedback from users allows us to further refine and develop solutions to increase exposure and stay tuned to relevant analytical demands. »
Gaining positive exposure
Adam Jernigan
Independent Consultant - FP&A, Data Analytics & Visualizations, Financial Operations Automation.
« Eloquens enables me to gain positive exposure in the market across various industries and company lifecycle stages by allowing me to both showcase and share some of the Excel Financial Models I have developed through years of professional experience. »
Saves me time & builds my brand
Laith Wallace
Available for UX Design Contracts | Speciality: customer experience and Conversions on Mobile eCommerce websites
« I am using Eloquens because it's a great way to build my personal brand and establish my credibility with my audience. The main benefits to me are that it saves me time from having to build my own website to manage payments. Also, Eloquens allows my content to sit beside other content producers which is a great way for new people to find my content. I would definitely recommend Eloquens to others. »
You're offering a great service
Mark Welton
Internal Control | Fraud Examination | Financial Modelling
« The model I purchased from Eloquens Author Lance Rubin is great. I needed a Monte Carlo simulation to present to a client and didn’t have the time to build my own, I have been meaning to build one with Modano for months! It’s a pleasure to be able to get a cost effective and professional model in a hurry! You are offering a great service. »
Highly recommend Eloquens
Scott Poniewaz
Fractional CMO and Founder - The Pony Group
« I am using Eloquens to make it easier to fast-track my work. Often, it doesn't make sense to build financial models or other documents from scratch, and Eloquens saves me time and allows me to spend more time thinking big picture. I highly recommend Eloquens to others! »
A great community to share ideas
Dane Putranto
Financial Modeller | Financial Advisor | Project Manager at Numarus
« In this line of business, it’s imperative that you obtain all the resources and knowledge you can get so that your deliverables are relevant and at the optimum level. Eloquence helps with the process with its vast library of quality contents from various professionals. It is also a great community to contribute and share your ideas while increasing your exposure. »
An unbelievable resource
Howard Evans
AssetHouse Ltd. Private Wealth Management
« What an unbelievable resource Eloquens is. The site is really good as a resource for entrepreneurs that don't have the access to a support network. I will certainly be recommending it. »
Win-Win Opportunities
Kevin Yassine
Investment Analyst at Glennmont Partners
« Eloquens allows me to practice my financial modelling and share the tools I develop. I am therefore able to show my skills and get some feedback to improve my tools and modelling practices. I would recommend it to others, as this is a win-only opportunity for modellers. »
A great platform to increase visibilitiy
Big4WallStreet
Financial Modeling / Planning & Perfomance / Data Analysis & Forecasting
« Eloquens is a great platform that allows us to increase the visibility of Big4WallStreet tools. Furthermore the platform has built a reputation in the financial modeling field and attracts dedicated professionals that are willing to develop their skills or find a ready made model. As such the exposure and reach of our published financial models is greatly enhanced. It is a pleasure to work with Eloquens' team of professionals who did support us in every step of the process. »
Publishing my Work Hassle Free
Stephen Goldberg
Experienced trainer & coach working with business owners to develop self-motivated & productive employees & salespeople.
« I am glad I created a partnership with Eloquens to publish my tutorials and training online. The platform works very well and there is great support and communication from the team. Using Eloquens eliminates the need to develop my own platform to publish and sell my work. This allows me to focus on creating good content for my audience. The opportunity to provide both free and paid content means that I can build my reputation with no risk to my audience and then create more in-depth training bundles that can provide a recurring revenue stream. I highly recommend Eloquens to any subject matter expert that wants to publish their work hassle free and still retain a good share of the revenues. »
Making publishing materials more fun
FinExMod
Financial models
« The first thing that captured my attention when I first visited Eloquens site was the number of well known authors that are contributing to the platform like Professor Edward Bodmer and straight away I wanted to be part of it. I found it to be a great concept that allows me to market myself and share valuable content with the network.The platform is user friendly and easy to use, making publishing materials more fun, and exciting. »
An additional source of revenue!
David Connaughton
Owner, ROI-Team, Inc.
« Eloquens has been an excellent platform for extending the market reach of my financial products. It is increasing the traffic on my site and provides an additional source of revenue. I would recommend it to any author/developer with quality products and the need to get them noticed. »
Highly recommend the site!
Ken Creighton
Senior Executive Driving Performance Thru Business Process Improvement, Creative Thinking & Organizational Changes
« I use Eloquens for a variety of reasons ranging from real estate modeling to some of the start-up models, to cover the range of potential investments, which the Company I work for examines. We are always looking for different methods or models to ensure we are being thorough in the analysis. Also, we pursue investments in a wide variety of industries and Eloquens has the tools to help us examine those opportunities. I would highly recommend the site to anyone who is involved in business analytics. »
It's the place to go to
John Fletcher
Songwriter/Composer at John Franklin Fletcher Music
« Eloquens is the place to go to get tested financial models to be used in your business. Why reinvent the wheel again and again? So much time is wasted when we have to go back to the drawing board time after time. The benefits of being a user of Eloquens are the broad tool library and the networking opportunities with authors who are at the top of their game. For those that have developed tools you can sell/share them as an author to a wide community of users. I highly recommend Eloquens for anyone in the financial industry! »
Improving my skills
Mahender Punhani
Freelance Financial Analyst experienced in Excel Financial Modelling , Equity Research, Investment Banking and Start-ups.
« Eloquens.com has provided me a great opportunity to share excel financial modelling work with different types of users. The platform provides different categories under major categories so it makes easier for users to search your relevant work. I am also using Eloquens to go through other professionals' work to improve my financial modelling skills. »
Leveraging People's Passions
Shaun Barker
CA (SA) Financial Modeller at IHS Investments
« I enjoy investing, particularly in real estate, as well as helping people make informed decisions with simple user friendly explanations. Eloquens helps me achieve this by allowing me to share my models with a wide audience, all while making a little money on the side. I'd recommend anyone looking to leverage other peoples passions (like mine) to use Eloquens to help find a tried and tested model for your business/investment and save hours/days/weeks of trying to resolve it yourself. »
Reaching a greater Audience
Mohnish Amarnani
CEO at Intrinsic Finance
« I am using Eloquens to share my Excel Financial Modeling skills and services to a greater audience. I believe that my Excel Templates would be of great use to different members in the Industry Worldwide, and thus by having a greater audience, users could have access to my Excel Templates at a lower purchase cost! I would definitely recommend Eloquens to anyone who has Financial Modeling skills! »
A fantastic platform
Ashish Mathur
Founder, Excel Enthusiasts
« Eloquens has provided me a fantastic platform to showcase the model which I have built using the Business Intelligence tools of MS Excel. It has provided me the scope to reach to an international audience. I would definitely recommend this platform to all others. »
Our visibility has improved!
Antoine Duboscq
Development, Growth & Operational Strategy Consulting Firm
« Our strategy consulting firm has gained and developed many models and methods over the last 15 years. Eloquens enabled us to share our strategy toolbox to any professionals willing to produce top-tier work. Thanks to a number of downloads, our visibility has improved! »
Create an Account
Why do I need to sign up with LinkedIn?help
The Eloquens user community values transparency
Already have an account? Login