-
A leading Housekeeping Service
provider in South India
We encompass a wide range of services sectors such as, factories, hotels, showrooms, hospitals,
techparks, commercial offices, schools and college institutions and many more.
-
Pest Control Services
With an expert team we offers you pest and pollution free environment.
We recommends and provide eco-friendly solutions considering
the best benefits of the environment.
OUR SERVICES
At Ethicare we offer a wide range of services
around facility management
HOUSEKEEPING
We do day to day maintenance for companies on contract basis.
SECURITY SERVICES
We offer security professionals- guards who are skilled and vigilant.
PLUMBING SERVICES
We offer professional plumbers for all your plumbing needs.
CARPENTRY
We provide carpenter services for households and offices.
SPECIALIZED CLEANING
We provide you expert solutions to maintain the premises.
SUPPORT STAFFING
Our staffing solutions are proven to be cost effective and innovative.
PROPERTY MAINTENANCE
We take care of the ancillary services in a professional and efficient way.
PEST CONTROL
We offer a wide range of pest control services with quality and assurance.
GARDEN & LAWN MAINTENANCE
We help you maintain an attractive landscaped garden and lawn.
ABOUT US
We are one of the leading facility management service company in South India
With over 15 years of experience in serving clients in major metro cities such as Bengaluru, Chennai and Coimbatore gaining relevant experience in the field. We aim at providing best quality and efficient services to our clients.
100
Clients across India
500
Satisfied Employees
4
Major Cities
100
% Statutory Compliance
At Ethicare we are committed to provide exceptional, personal, and flexible housekeeping services which suits their every requirements. Our professional team at Ethicare services are 100% background verified & validated employees.
We provide you physically fit, reliable, well experienced ex-servicemen from defense and civilians which serve with dignity and pride in the field of industrial security, large commercial and housing complexes, private investigation intelligence services, protection of cash and valuable article escorts for cash and personal as much more on security front.
We provide fixtures like lights, fans and fittings, carpets, cobbwebb removals, façade cleaning, swimming pool maintenance, STP & ETP cleaning, sceptic tank cleaning and many others which requires some professional expertise so here we provide you expert solutions to maintain the premises spick and span with appropriate machines and cleaning materials at an affordable cost.