The Managed Hosting Specialists
Choose the No. 1 independent solutions experts with over 18 years’ experience of providing affordable, high-performance hosting to organisations worldwide.Talk to an Expert
Premium
Web Hosting
from only
£2.78 /pm ex VAT
Packed with great features, such as one-click software installs, 24x7 support and spam filtering – our web hosting is perfect for sites of all types.View plans
Managed
SSD VPS
from only
£12.99 /pm ex VAT
Flexible, easy to use and built around the latest server technology, including SSD-based storage, our VPS is a powerhouse that won't let you down.View plans
Managed
Dedicated Servers
from only
£69.99 /pm ex VAT
When you need ultimate performance, our latest-generation Xeon E3 and E5 servers give you the power to run the most demanding applications.View plans
Professional Support 24x7
Expert technical support available all day, every day by phone, ticket or live chat.
Free Migration
Moving to eUKhost is easy, we’ll take care of the migration for you - and for FREE
30-Day, Money Back Guarantee
We’re so confident you’ll love our services that all plans include a 30-day, money-back guarantee.
With Over 18 Years Experience
Choose a hosting partner
that is right behind you..
- ISO 27001 Certified
- Cyber Essentials Plus Certified
- State-of-the-Art, ISO Certified Data Centres
- GDPR Compliant
- G-Cloud Provider
- Hosting more than 35,000 private and public sector organisations worldwide.
Speak to one of our experts and find the perfect hosting solution:Speak to an Expert Arrange a Call Back
Moving From Another Host?
We will migrate your site for FREE!
Our migration service is free and quick. In most cases, we can have your website migrated and live in under 24 hours. Have multiple websites or a complex solution you need migrating? Then click below to speak to our team.Speak to an Expert
Why Choose eUKhost?
Learn why we are trusted by over 35,000 clients worldwide.
eUKhost is a truly independent, privately owned company that has been providing managed hosting solutions since 2002. We are trusted by over 35,000 clients, large and small, in 120 countries, to host their 600,000+ websites. With three, state of the art data centres, 18 years’ experience and 900+ 5-star reviews, you can rely on us to provide the first-class hosting service your organisation needs.
We are committed to offering customers the most professional and reliable web hosting solutions on UK-based servers at prices which are affordable and cost-effective.
One of the first providers to offer fully automated web hosting solutions, our mission is to provide customers with industry-leading solutions through the constant development of our proprietary technologies.
Providing everything from bespoke, enterprise-class IT solutions to fast, reliable and affordable personal and small business website hosting, we guarantee you will not be disappointed with our services.
Suggested services
Advanced WordPress Hosting
Secure WordPress optimised hosting featuring our WordPress toolkit that makes developing & managing WordPress installations easy.View WordPress Hosting
Mimecast Enterprise Email Security
Email security, archiving and continuity by Mimecast protects your organisation from data leaks from both external and internal sources.View Advanced Email Security
S/MIME Email Signing Certificates
Digitally sign and encrypt your email with an S/MIME certificates from globalsign and protect your email communications.View Email Signing Certificates
Trustpilot Reviews Read what our customers have to say about us
We are regularly rated 5 stars by our customers and with over 2000 reviews on Trustpilot and Facebook you can see for yourself why you can trust us to power your website.
Rated 4.79 out of 5Based on 1681 reviews. See more of the reviews here
Mark Foster
15/10/2019
Pierce has helped me on many occasions, often within a few mins of a ticket being submitted
I have been with Euk for many years and the quality of the support has never wavered!
atti Green Forest Design
15/10/2019
Sergio is fantastic and always help instantly. Really great support
atti Green Forest Design
15/10/2019
Support usually is fantastic at EUK but on this occasion it was outstanding. We had a problem tried to solve for 3 days with developers and Martin at EUK live support just sorted it. Fantastic support...
Anna Louise Doherty
25/09/2019
Spoke with Pete, very helpful and quick, great service!
Suzanne
23/09/2019
Noel Baker has been extremely helpful with a serious of difficult tech issues that I have had. Noel is patient and keeps going until he solves your problem. thank you!
Mark
23/09/2019
Eukhost tech support is the best there is. I just had the pleasure of speaking to Taposh B who was very supportive and showed a high Level of professionalism.
I have tried many Hosters bu...
Mohamed Abd Elnaby
23/09/2019
thanks a lot "Arthur" you are professional man and very help full
Chris Withington
23/09/2019
Best in the business, apart from us of course.
The 365hosts.com Team :)
Ready For Amazing Hosting?Contact our team now
Our product experts are available help you find the perfect solution for your organisation, we are available via live chat 24x7 or by phone from 9am - 5pm GMT Mon - Fri.