OVER 800 COUNTRY AND GENERIC TOP LEVEL DOMAIN EXTENSIONS
9.00
nicereply.com
Managed WordPress. Never worry again about updates, security and loss of data. You create, we manage.
Web hosting that makes building your website a breeze with one-click software installation.
Remove the risk of identity theft and domain hijacking, while retaining legal control of your domains.
FREE with every domain.
Start using your memorable and personalised email address.
FREE with every domain.
Get secure certificates from the basic to the enterprise level.
Already have domain names with another registrar?
Follow 3 simple steps to transfer your domain name portfolio to EuroDNS.
Hundreds of new domain extensions are available for registration, making the search for the perfect domain name even easier. Take a look at our country and generic domains, plus new gTLDs such as .GURU, .BERLIN, .PHOTOGRAPHY, or even .NINJA!
Our team of domain experts offer telephone and email support in four languages. We don’t operate an outsourced call centre, but we do aim to answer your call within three rings.
Every customer is assigned a personal account manager who'll assist with the on-going management of your domain names.
Registering international domains since 2002, our team has strong relationships with domain registries around the world and will be your guide.
DNS is the first link to your website and, unlike most providers, we include Classic DNS as standard on all our domain names, increasing the performance and reliability of your website.
All EuroDNS domain names include 5GB email account with webmail, Classic DNS, domain management, and Alpha SSL.
"Prompt and complete reply, explaining clearly what I needed to do next and, just as important, why."
Niall
"Thank you very much for the prompt and complete reply."
Jean-Marc
"Perfect timing and resolved my issue immediately!"
Dobromira G.
"Crystal clear reply to my ticket request. Excellent customer service!"
Mirko
"All questions answered and very quick. Thanks!"
Carolyn H.
"Thanks for prompt reply and fast service. Issue fixed."
Konstantin Y.
"Awesome customer support and lightning fast reply! Well trained staff and happy to be an EuroDNS customer!"
Sascha B.
"Thanks for your kind and competent support."
André V.
"I've rarely seen this kind of excellent service and instructions with this type of company ! "
Jerry R.
"Thank you for very good service and getting the certificate validated. It is now up and running. "
Christian R.
"The friendly telephone call was above and beyond the call of duty. I appreciate it. Thank you!"
Gregory V.