Welcome to our exclusive collection of hotel barge cruises. For over 35 years, we have specialised in creating luxury barge holidays on some of the most beautiful waterways in Europe.
As Told by Our Guests...
The welcome we received and everything on board was perfect
Pauline Taplin, Hampshire, UK
The Hotel Barging Experience
Our vessels gently introduce you to some of Europe’s finest scenery, fascinating history and local culture. Every European Waterways six-night barge cruise includes all gourmet meals, regional wines, an open bar, local transfers and the use of on board facilities such as bicycles to explore the towpaths, a sundeck to laze on, or a spa pool to relax in. We also offer daily escorted excursions “off the beaten track” to wineries, castles, markets or to see craftsmen at work.
A Home Away from Home
All hotel barges in the fleet benefit from an annual refurbishment and this may vary from redecoration and refurnishing of the...
Themed Charter Cruises
We can arrange a wide selection of themed charter cruises which will appeal to all types of interest groups, large or small...
Multi Generational Cruises
With capacity for between 6 and 20 passengers, a private hotel barge charter is perfect for a multi generational getaway
Where We Cruise in Europe
Discover the fascinating world of barging, through the vineyards of Burgundy, on the shady Canal du Midi in Southern France, the historic Po Valley in Italy, or the River Shannon in rustic Ireland. Navigate the Royal River Thames, through the stunningly rugged landscapes of Scotland, picturesque Alsace & Lorraine, or the colourful tulip fields of Holland.
Burgundy
Canal du Midi
Alsace & Lorraine
Loire Valley
Gascony
Bordeaux
Champagne
Holland
Italy
Scotland
England
More Destinations
There are so many delightful watercourses to be discovered – canals like the Briare, Nivernais, Burgundy and Canal du Midi in France, the Caledonian Canal in Scotland and the Bianco Canal in Italy; majestic rivers such as the Cher, Moselle, Shannon and Thames; and the more open waters of Loch Ness, the Etang de Thau and the Venetian Lagoon.
Our Exclusive Collection of Hotel Barges
Some vessels in our fleet are owned by us, others by experienced operators who maintain similar standards and have been vetted by us. On board all of them you will glide serenely along waterways that pass through magnificent countryside; be taken on fascinating local excursions; indulge in delicious meals, fine wines and comfortable accommodation – whilst all the time being pampered by your attentive crew.
Spirit of Scotland
Spirit of Scotland is a deluxe, 12 passenger hotel barge that sails the Caledonian Canal and Loch Ness in the Scottish Highlands
L’Impressionniste
L’Impressionniste is a deluxe, 12 passenger hotel barge that cruises the Burgundy Canal in the wine region of Southern Burgundy
L’Art de Vivre
L’Art de Vivre is a first class, 8 passenger hotel barge that cruises the charming Canal du Nivernais and River Yonne in Burgundy
La Belle Epoque
La Belle Epoque is a deluxe, 12 passenger hotel barge that cruises the picturesque Burgundy Canal in Northern Burgundy
Themed Barge Holidays
We can arrange a wide selection of themed charter cruises which will appeal to all types of interest groups, large or small, including golf, walking and wine appreciation themed cruises.
Family Cruises
Golf Cruises
Wine Appreciation Cruises
Walking Cruises
Video Feed
We uploaded our first video in 2010 and since then we have added over 100 hotel barging videos and received over 1,000,000 views on YouTube. We hope you enjoyed watching our videos…
Video of the Week
Despite the growing popularity of cruising, especially on large river vessels, hotel barging is still a little known niche concept.
Cruises in Italy
Our Italian holidays afloat will let you discover that country’s hidden beauty!
Cruises in Alsace & Lorraine
In the Summer and Autumn, hotel barge Panache sails the beautiful waterways of Alsace
The Lock-Keeper Blog
The Lock-Keeper has gone viral! Every few weeks we will be blogging about the Hotel barging experience; From the history of our hotel barges to some of the off the beaten track excursions we visit. Intrigued? Then read on…
Visiting Beautiful Chioggia on Italian River Cruises
A beautiful stop aboard La Bella Vita's Italian cruise route is the colourful port of Chioggia - here's what to do while you're there! Read More
Barging and Biking – Take to the Towpath in 2020
New E-Bikes, Upgraded Maps, Stunning Cycling Routes... It's time to take to the towpath and see what you can find! Read More
Guest Post – Cruising to the Château de Commarin with European Waterways
A historic jaunt to a countryside château in the company of a count... oh and there's falconry too! Read More
In the Press
There have been many interesting and entertaining articles written by journalists and travel writers from across the globe about their journeys on our luxury hotel barge cruises.
La Belle barge provides small-scale cruising with a very French flavour
Mike Grenby spent 6 days on the Burgundy canal, read about his Belle Epoque adventure here Read More
La Belle barge provides small-scale cruising with a very French flavour
Mike Grenby spent 6 days on the Burgundy canal, read about his Belle Epoque adventure here Read More
Slow Barge through the Loire Valley
Karen Pasquali Jones takes a tranquil cruise aboard Renaissance, through Burgundy and the Upper Loire Read More
6 Reasons You Should Go on a Canal Barge Cruise
Laura Lynch spent a week aboard the luxury hotel barge Finesse cruising the Canal du Midi. Read about her experience here Read More
Der gute Geist der Highlands
Auf einer 6-tägigen Kreuzfahrt an Bord der Luxus-Hotelbarge Spirit of Scotland besuchte O. Schmidt die schönsten Sehenswürdigkeiten Schottlands. Read More
Cruising in Burgundy
David Powell spent a week on the luxury hotel barge L’Impressionniste cruising through Burgundy. Read about his experience here Read More