Excellent!
Your event's schedule of events and presentation details can be published in eventScribe and updated in real time. Share bit.ly links in tweets, Facebook posts and emails with eventScribe's social media features. Include speaker photos and biographies, video references, audio presentations, handouts and slides.
Attendees will be more engaged than ever with the eventScribe Mobile App. They can access presentation slides on their tablet, smartphone, or laptop in order to draw, highlight, and take notes in each session. They can access event details and the show room floor plan all in one place. This is event technology perfected.
The interactive floor plan is easily accessible on the web and through CadmiumCD's eventScribe mobile app. Attendees can quickly search for and locate vendors by category, name or booth. Booths highlight automagically on the map as attendees type in company names, booth numbers, or keywords. Clicking on a booth yields a beautifully designed display of the exhibitor's details.
eventScribe Boost is part of the eventScribe App platform. Boost allows meeting planners to contact team members, vendors, and other stakeholders at the touch of a button. They can also create to-dos and prioritize tasks so your team can react to your conference's needs in real time. Best of all, organizers can access notes, tear sheets, room setups, and other logistics details, all from their event app.
Unlike printed posters, ePosters live on for a lifetime. Attendees can refer to the posters through CadmiumCD's ePoster Gallery year-round on their computer or mobile device and read them in razor sharp quality. With bookmarking, note taking, and sharing tools, the online ePoster gallery is a valuable asset for many attendees and continuing education coordinators.
Whether you are considering using CadmiumCD's Abstract Scorecard system or a different vendor, abstracts collected during the call for papers can be integrated into the itinerary planner and made available to attendees. They can access everything before, during, and after your event. With features like instant filtered searching and a multitude of browsing options, your attendees will find your event's abstracts more accessible than ever before.
The Survey Magnet is CadmiumCD's solution to administering post-conference quizzes, evaluations, and surveys. Whether you're holding a non-credit course, an educational meeting for credit, or simply need to gain insights or feedback from attendees, eventScribe has you covered. Create custom certificates, build quizzes with multiple question formats, and access detailed reports about your attendees' answers.
Excellent!
Eventscribe App
October 21, 2019
Easy to use, interactive and informative
Eventscribe App
October 21, 2019
Great!
AABB19
October 19, 2019