We and our partners use technologies, such as cookies, and process personal data, such as IP addresses and cookie identifiers, to personalise ads and content based on your interests, measure the performance of ads and content, and derive insights about the audiences who saw ads and content. Click below to consent to the use of this technology and the processing of your personal data for these purposes. You can change your mind and change your consent choices at any time by returning to this site.
The vast majority of Project L, Riot Game's upcoming League of Legends fighting title, is still shrouded in the realm of chaotic potential, but those of us who have at least dabbled in both LoL and fighting games are speculating night and day about what might eventually come to fruition.
There are a lot of questions that need answers before we can even lay a tangible foundation pertaining to characters, mechanics, and what the overall feel of the game will be like, but we can, at least, discuss some broader ideas to pass the time at this very early stage in development. I'll start with why I think my favorite champion, Master Yi, would be a perfect fit for a fighting game.
Some time ago, controversy arose when Leah 'Gllty' Hayes was banned indefinitely from Capcom events and was disqualified from participating in the Street Fighter League. Most figured that EventHubs member Xykes would be invited in her place as he was the runner up in terms of votes.
Strangely, Arturo Sanchez was added to the Street Fighter League roster instead. Recently, Capcom has acknowledged the situation and has issued Xykes an apology.
"We've also refunded your VIP ticket as an apology for Street Fighter League, so please don't be alarmed when you see the money come back," stated a recent Tweet to Xykes from Capcom Fighters. "Thank you for your support."
"What changes do you want to see in [Super Smash Bros.] Ultimate?" This was a question posed to Tempo|ZeRo during one of his streaming sessions on Twitch.
Needless to say, ZeRo had some interesting things to say regarding this subject. "I'm going to be honest with you," begun ZeRo in his explanation.
"I lost all hope in the balance team in Ultimate because ultimately I feel like they don't really understand how to make this game more fun or add any more depth, and I think the style of balance that they're going to do moving forward is that they're just going to make extremely slight changes that don't really make a difference to any kind of gameplay."
Street Fighter 5 servers went down earlier today for some routine maintenance, but have since come back online and have brought with them a small update.
Labeled as "Version 04.090," this update attends to the game's Fighting Chance mode as well as a bug in one of the newcomer's, Lucia, gameplay.
MockRock takes a look at the moves in a vacuum to determine the best — not necessarily based on utility. There are so many fighters in Super Smash Bros. Ultimate, finding the best move or moves is a task worth undergoing.
The list of moves was labbed, observed in top tournaments, and theory crafted as well. Take a look at the list and see if you agree.
We've featured the top tier digital artwork of Kode "Bosslogic" Abdo more than a few times on this site before, and watched the artist continue to grow in his success his talents are recognized in larger and larger circles. We're happy to share that those circles now include the likes of Sony and Warner Bros., as the two media giants recently approached Boss to ask a Mortal Kombat-related favor.
Boss' latest creation is a brand new PlayStation 4 menu theme aimed to "celebrate the release of Terminator and the MK Kommunity," and it's now officially available to download for free.
It was back in February that we first encountered New Wave Toys' 1/6th scale Street Fighter 2 arcade cabinet, but now you can get your fingers (though probably not a full hand) on just the mini fight stick.
New Wave Toys is selling these tiny controllers separately and at a discount, meaning you could potentially take one to the next event you attend and be remembered forever... or at least be talked about for the rest of the day if you manage to score a few wins.
Though the name and smiling face of producer Yoshinori Ono are almost synonymous with "Street Fighter" by this point, the Blanka toy-wielding Capcom employee didn't always intend to work in video games.
Over the weekend, Ono took to the EGX stage for an extensive interview about his career in gaming. When discussing his early days at Capcom, Ono talked about his plans before joining the company, which saw him aspiring to be a professional musician.
Jump Force still has some life left in it with more DLC characters coming through at least the end of the year including some fan-favorites from the Bleach anime / manga series.
Bandai Namco has now released the first screenshots of one of those upcoming new fighters in the 10th captain of the Soul Society, the ice-cold Toshiro Hitsugaya.
Mighty Keef has been producing some of the top Super Smash Bros. Ultimate-related content for a good while now. His skits and videos are always immaculate and too true.
We see the content that top creators like himself, and Omni, have been making. But what if they played competitively... and took on the commentators you hear while watching the top tournaments?
Update: This story has been updated with final results.
Another installment of the Umebura SP series is upon us, and as usual it's taking place in Tokyo, Japan.
Some notable entrants set to participate are SST|Shuton, R2G|Kameme, SNB|Abadango, ProtoBanham, TG|Raito, KEN, Kome, Choco, DNG|Nietono, Geki|Hikaru, Tsu, Kept, Kirihara, Brood, Geki|T and more.
In Capcom's recent financial integrated report for the 2019 fiscal year, it was revealed that Street Fighter is the company's third most successful series. First place and second place go to Resident Evil and Monster Hunter respectively.
Across 91 different titles, the Street Fighter franchise has sold over 42 million units as of 2019. We'll likely continue seeing this series pushed by Capcom in the future as a result.
Although Ryu is often called the "poster boy of the Street Fighter series," the character has been mostly absent from Street Fighter 5's competitive scene following the Season 2 nerfs. Regardless, Ryu is still the most popular pick for online play.
Justin Wong recently uploaded a video that showcased him playing Ryu in some ranked online. Many times during the video, Wong referred to him as a "low tier."
With yet another month behind us, we have more online stats to observe, courtesy of the CFN. We're looking at which characters were the most successful and the most popular for the month of September.
In many previous months, M. Bison was the top performing combatant in Street Fighter 5: Arcade Edition. Every so often, we get a month where Urien overtakes M. Bison in this category. September was one such month.
Sometimes fighters in games have something that they will do every single time when the conditions are correct. You can take advantage of this to win a match.
For instance, in Street Fighter 2: The World Warrior, the CPU would get up trying to attack pretty consistently, which led to easy punishes. Shaq has a quirk you can punish in Shaq-Fu.
Two of the premiere evils in their respective universes are set to square off. That's right, Ganondorf from Hyrule, and Dracula go head to head in Death Battle.
An absolute fight to the finish is up next. Who is stronger, and who is eviler? Find out in the video.
Dragon Ball FighterZ is set to see the addition of its next DLC character, Broly from Dragon Ball Super: Broly, soon. As we draw nearer to his launch, which we expect to be sometime this month, Bandai Namco continues to give fans glimpses at the new fighter in action.
While we haven't seen his gameplay trailer just yet, the company's French branch has released a handful of clear screenshots of Super Broly doing his thing.
|Name
|Viewers
|sakonoko_game
|727
|아빠킹
|487
|Pandagirl91
|315
|
Gains
|
Losses
|
Gains
|
Losses