Evenium Net is the fruit of 15 years of experience serving our professional clients. Our expertise helps you master the easiest and most intuitive tool to use. Evenium Net will satisfy all your essential needs with the greatest efficiency.
Integrate Evenium Net seamlessly into your existing website & CRM (WordPress, Salesforce, ...) as well as with 500+ applications, on a computer or a mobile device. Evenium Net naturally connects to the entry management solution Evenium OnSite, and to the app for your participants, Evenium ConnexMe.
This is the most complete, most affordable registration solution, whether you plan paid events or invite guests. Make event organization and promotion easy, for less. Try Evenium Net and you will be delighted!
Evenium Net is comprehensive and easy to integrate; it's a true asset to plan events.
Werner Dähne, The Consumer Goods Forum
Go upscale and offer your guests an elegant agenda, perfectly laid out, and constantly up-to-date. Detail your sessions, workshops, activities and meals easily. Allow participants to register, with capacity limits when needed. The Evenium Net personalized agenda appears identically across your website, your participants' mobile devices, and their badges. Add documents, speaker profiles, sponsors, interactive map, descriptions and tracks â as many as you wish.
Evenium Net is the only registration platform that helps you welcome and engage your participants on-site. Streamline your check-in process with Evenium OnSite on smartphones or iPads, and discard your paper lists forever. Boost interactivity through live polls, participant comments and questions, and strengthen collaboration using Evenium ConnexMe.
Be more effective with your current tools! Evenium Net fully integrates with your existing tools like WordPress and Salesforce, and can synchronize with more than 500 common workplace applications.
Banner, logo, colors, photos, videos, agenda, maps, documents...
Customized emails, automatic confirmations and reminders.
Payment for registrations by credit card, PayPal, or offline. Robust process to resume incomplete orders. Invoice management on your behalf.
Customizable fields on the registration form, guests may register to specific agenda sessions.
Codes for discounting tickets and registration pricing.
Viral promotion via Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Google+. Embeddable ticketing on social & external websites.
Flexible and exportable reports, real-time analytics, full collaboration with colleagues and partners.
E-badges, QR codes, synchronized guest list, entry tracking, secured check-in.
Are you planning a free event, without email campaigns? It’s free!
Payment of registrations by:
Credit card: 3% additional fees
PayPal, transfer, check