What Does the End of Cookies Mean for Digital Advertising?
GDPR was announced in April 2016, with The Economist subsequently reporting that data is set to become more valuable than oil. Since coming into effect, it has drawn people’s attention to the value of their data, as well as their right to own and protect how it’s collected and used. It has also resulted in large internet browsers implementing technological changes that restrict third party cookies on their browsers; with Safari, Firefox, Explorer and Chrome having either already done so, [...]
Is it Time for Publishers to Reconsider the Brand Safety Value Proposition?
In this exclusive article for ExchangeWire, Pete Wallace (pictured below), commercial director at GumGum Europe, discusses how techniques once solely applied towards the goal of brand safety can now be used for sophisticated contextual targeting, to the benefit of publishers. What are the current attitudes from publishers toward brand safety, and why is it important that they’re proactive in ensuring advertising content appears in safe places on their sites? No publisher wants to plant a sign saying “Danger: Beware of Unsafe Content” [...]
Why it’s Time to Break Down the Barriers Between Brand and Performance
Marketing efforts in recent years have tended towards the quantitative measure of performance. How many people could have seen the ad, how many people have clicked it, and how many people have bought a product after clicking the ad. However, this approach has somewhat led to the neglect of brand-building efforts, and the quality of interaction with brands beyond the simple click. In the post-GDPR landscape, this could leave many in the media landscape rather short-changed. In this exclusive article for [...]
Global Martech Market Hits USD$121.5bn (£94.6bn); AI Measures Emotional Response to Advertising
In this weekly segment, ExchangeWire sums up key industry updates on ad tech from around the European region – in this edition: Global martech market hits USD$121.5bn (£94.6bn); AI measures emotional response to advertising; Verizon Media accelerates premium native supply with Apple News and Stocks; Channel Factory continues expansion in the UK, Russia and Denmark; and Accenture Interactive announces intent to acquire French data marketing firm Sutter Mills. Global martech market hits USD$121.5bn (£94.6bn) The global marketing technology market is now valued [...]
M&C Saatchi Performance's James Shepherd on Nike, Ad Spend, and Amazon
On this week’s episode of The MadTech Podcast, ExchangeWire’s Rachel Smith and Lindsay Rowntree are joined by James Shepherd, managing partner – growth at M&C Saatchi Performance to discuss the latest news in ad tech and martech. On this week’s episode: – Nike buy TraceMe in a move to acquire audience engagement, not just data. This is one of the first examples we’ve seen of a brand looking to broaden their assets by building out a content engagement platform. Is this an [...]
Digital Growth Amid Uncertainty: The IAB Ad Spend and IPA Bellwether Reports
This week saw the release of two key industry reports, the Q3 2019 IPA Bellwether and the IAB & PwC Adspend Update H1 2019. Here ExchangeWire details the key findings of the studies, and receives expert insight from across the advertising industry. Key findings – IPA Bellwether Q3 2019 – UK companies revise total marketing budgets downwards for the fist time since 2012, with a net balance of 0.5% registering negative forecasts for marketing budget. – “Wait and see” approach brought about by [...]
Building a Next Generation Data Driven Marketing Business
In this exclusive article for ExchangeWire, Matthew Pepper (pictured below), managing director of Sub2 Technologies, outlines the key areas to consider when constructing a successful data driven marketing firm for the current era. Data driven marketing has been a growing discipline ever since the days of David Ogilvy in the 1950s. Online media and the big data revolution have only accelerated the growth. How data has been used in marketing has obviously been massively impacted by digital in the last twenty [...]
The ICO: Clarification & Engagement in the Late Summer
As the nights draw ever-closer and the memory of temperatures topping 38° degrees become a fantasy sought whilst huddled around the radiator, ExchangeWire takes a look back at a busy late summer for the ICO. Executives from the UK’s data protection authority took to the floor at several industry events to explain the rationale behind June’s Update Report into Ad Tech and RTB, as well as providing clarification on their “further industry review” which will take place in early 2020. Fostering respect Speaking [...]
Is RTB Dead in the Water? Part 2: The Impact on the RTB Ecosystem of More Rigorous Consent Gathering
In part one of this exclusive series written by Lloyd Greenfield (pictured below), senior client partner at The Programmatic Advisory, we looked at the IAB’s Transparency and Consent Framework and how organisations could be incentivised to improve the way consent is gathered and passed through the ecosystem. In this article, the impact on the ecosystem if most rigorous consent standards are met is examined – will it be the death of the RTB ecosystem as we know it? The end of focused [...]
The Programmatic Advisory Acquires Forge Group; Infectious Media Launches In-Housing Consultancy
In this weekly segment, ExchangeWire sums up key industry updates on ad tech from around the European region – in this edition: The Programmatic Advisory acquires Forge Group; Infectious Media launches in-housing consultancy; Criteo partners with Pixalate; FreeWheel Council for Premium Video Europe releases latest study; Channel Factory reveals results of brand suitability survey; and Teads signs global partnership with GROUPE RENAULT via OMD The Programmatic Advisory acquires Forge Group The Programmatic Advisory has announced the acquisition of Forge Group, a North [...]