A humanoid creature with a ram’s head terrorized people in southern California. He was one of several strange animals that have appeared throughout history.
The Fall Equinox is a time for balance and reflection. But most of all, it's for taking time to give thanks for your life, your magick, and your spirituality.
What is a spell? It’s the act of making change happen with the power of your mind and emotions. It's both easier and harder than you might think. Here's what you need to know.
Discover the strange story of the Philadelphia Experiment,and the conspiracy to hide proof of time travel and teleportation.
Discover the seven basic items found on pagan ritual altars and how they should be positioned for a southern hemisphere altar.
Do you ever have a dream in which you park your car, turn it off, but then it starts rolling backwards? Or perhaps you’ve exited the car and it’s not moving, but after watching it for a few moments, it begins rolling backwards?
Annie Palmer, known as the White Witch of Rose Hall, is Jamaica's most famous ghost story. But, was she really the cold-blooded murderer and cruel slave owner that legend makes her out to be?
Looking for ideas and inspiration for celebrating the Full Moon? Don’t want to spend a lot of money? Forgot to plan something? Don’t worry—I've got you covered!
Does Aquatic Ape Theory explain how mermaids really exist? Maybe, but real-life mermaids might not be quite what you were expecting.
As a solitary witch, it is not easy to find resources that are reliable, and even harder yet to find more than a couple books or articles that don't have conflicting information. One way to resolve this issue is to attend a school for magic, and the best one I know of is Witch School International.
Tired of using sage and smoke as your only means of cleansing your space? Check out these five alternative smudging techniques known to cleanse and purify your space, belongings, tools and yourself. No burning of sage or herbs required!
These are questions I get asked all the time. If you can't find the answer to your tarot-related question, then please ask in the comments section.
Need to make a fast decision regarding a love situation? Looking for guidance? Look no further—tarot can give you the simple yes/no answer you need, even if you aren't a tarot expert.
Casting a spell is easy, but what if you want to reverse it later? Discover how to undo a spell and also how to dismiss a curse.