Find reading, diagrams, posters, activities and tests to enhance your units on animals, food webs, life cycles, plants, classification, anatomy and nutrition. Check it out.
Unpack and fulfill national science standards with reading, diagrams, posters, model-building, performance tasks and other activities. Check it out.
Find experiments, investigations, critical thinking, inquiry, matching, cut & pastes, foldables and more. Check it out.
Learn to draw over 200 animals and habitats to create diagrams, posters, activities, and murals. Check it out.
Find illustrated science and nature picture books, workbooks, posters, flip charts, 2-D model building kits and downloadables. Check it out.
Award-winning author, illustrator and educator, Sheri Amsel, visits K-6 schools with a full day program including assemblies, drawing sessions, book sale. Check it out.
Subscription costs and benefits, site contributors, credentials, reviews, programming and usage calculator. Check it out.
Find reading, diagrams, activities and testing to enhance your units on biomes, ecology, environmental and physical science, space, seasons and weather. Check it out.
Find reading, diagrams, posters, activities and testing for units on body systems, cells, tissues, genetics and the human genome. Check it out.
Find printable 8.5 x11" science mini-posters and diagrams to use as teaching aids, testing, classroom displays. Check it out.
Exploring Nature now licenses our illustrations for use in trail signage, museum exhibits, book publishing, curriculum guides, etc. Check it out.
NEW 2-D Model Building Kits for 3-5th Grade are designed to fulfill the NGSS. Includes reading, matching, authentic performance, critical thinking activities, descriptive diagram, posters, and 2-D model building activity. Check it out.
We have been an American Library Association (ALA) "Great Website for Kids" since 2008. Request a FREE two week trial for your school: sheri@exploringnature.org
Find activities, investigations, worksheets, diagrams, posters, murals, graphics organizers and much more to enhance your science curriculum. Check it out.
Find performance tasks and assessment for comprehension of your science units and to fulfill NGSS. Check it out.
14 Arts and Crafts Activities and Posters for K-3 (26 pages total). Start the Halloween FUN! LINK $5
**FREE to NEW subscribers (and RENEWs) for the month of October. Ask how: sheri@exploringnature.org
• Muscular System Coloring/Labeling Bundle
• Muscular System Expanded Coloring/Labeling Bundle
• Skeletal System Diagram Bundle
• Skeletal System Labeling Bundle
Exploring Nature was reviewed by curriculum specialist, Cathy Duffy: Website Review
Do you have an established education blog that does site reviews? We provide free subscriptions for reviewers. Get started: sheri@exploringnature.org
See more reviews here.
You can check your own school usage statistics here to find out.