In some classrooms, there simply isn’t time to allow many students to share thoughts and perspectives, but with Exploros, all students participate and contribute. Teachers quickly get a feel for class understanding and can guide students accordingly.
“Exploros is an excellent way of getting our students engaged, which is a priority in our teaching.”
94% of Exploros campuses improved an average of 29%. These campus gains represented 19,000 students who were predominantly disadvantaged and at-risk. Most gains came from not just passing the STAAR test, but from student mastery. Read the case study.
“I get immediate feedback for each student which helps me correct any misconceptions.”
Finding quality content is one piece of the instructional puzzle, but the approach for how to deliver that content is of equal importance in teaching and learning. Exploros makes it simpler to transition to student-centered instruction.
Students collaborate, work in small groups, complete social graphic organizers, discuss, write, draw and complete embedded assessments. And teachers gain real-time insight into student and class understanding, with which to personalize the learning experience.
With Exploros, teachers don’t need to spend time hunting for resources and curating materials. The curriculum is organized into full courses, with 135 lessons per grade per subject. Simply choose what you want to teach, and assign it to students.
Exploros distributes the resources, documents student work, and automatically reports on learning progress. It’s that easy. The time teachers save can be better used to address individual student and classwide learning needs.
“It is truly amazing because everything is included in each lesson. I am able to see and share documents, visuals, and videos with all students. It's a magic box of information.”
“It is a one stop shop. Students are exposed to the content, they are constantly asked questions or asked to complete graphic organizers and it has an assessment at the end.”
Exploros fulfills a longstanding promise of technology. It gives educators new insights into classroom activity to improve learning outcomes – continually measuring student engagement, progress, and assessment mapped to learning objectives.
Teachers teach, all students engage and learning data is collected automatically.
Students portfolios are automatically constructed. Teachers get a live window into classroom performance, and can adapt lessons to student needs in real time.
All stakeholders can observe progress against learning goals over time, whether districts are using self-published curriculum, Exploros OER curriculum, or an educational publishing partner's curriculum.
— John Garlic, Principal, Beatriz G. Garza Middle School