Tournament and League Scheduling Services
Register today for our youth event directory and tournament and league scheduling management software that also includes online registration, real-time results, standings, schedules, brackets, notifications, branded apps and much more.
Contact us on how to receive a branded app for your organization!
Free App
Branded Android and Apple app for your tournament or league with sponsor banner ads integration. Contact us for details!
Comparison Chart
How do we compare to the tournament management competition? Decide yourself by checking out our comparison chart.
Hire A Scheduler
We offer expert tournament schedulers that can deliver amazing schedules using our tools. Hire an Exposure Certified Professional today!
Referral Program
Want to earn credits? Refer an event coordinator to use our platform and receive 20 credits to your account. New user must purchase 20 or more credits.
GAME NOTIFICATIONS
Keep your coaches and fans updated with notifications from every spectrum of technology. Learn more »
Core Features
Real-Time Results
Real-time results, automated standings, bracket propagation, we take care of it all. Just enter a score and we take care of the rest!
Schedule Validation
Have team restrictions you need to validate against the schedule every time a change is made? Our schedule validator will make sure you get your schedule right on every change.
Scheduler
Online scheduling can save time and resources by creating a full schedule within a matter of minutes. Highly customizable and powerful, our scheduler can create any kind of schedule to your liking.
Bracket Builder
Create unique and professional tournament brackets using our bracket builder. Our bracket builder offers flexibility to create any look imaginable.
Free Online Registration
Our online registration and payments page allows teams to fill out information at their leisure and instantaneously submit it. All information is automatically visible under the dashboard.
Messaging
Our first class messaging center can communicate to everyone or just coaches attending an event, past event, specific divisions or teams via email, text, app notifications, Twitter, Facebook and more.
For a full list of functionality and services be sure to check out all our features.
Request Demo
If you want to understand how our tournament platform works contact us for a demo. We will walk you through the many features and answer any questions you might have.
Responsive Widgets
No developer? No programming experience? No problem, just copy and paste our powerful and portable custom tournament widgets into your website for the ultimate user experience.
Powerful API
If you are lucky enough to have your own developer and want more flexibility with your tournament data they can access our API and integrate event data into your existing website or application.
Custom Integrations
Need help integrating our platform into your current website or application? We offer custom development to integrate our platform into your current website or application.