Log in into your account
Request reset password
Wait, you're on finish line!
Your "A+" is just few clicks away
Don't forget to use your discountGrab your discount of 10%
You're missing opportunity to get your paper done properly!
Now, we can make it even cheaper! Use your limited proposition!Grab your discount of 10%
How it works
Fill in your paper instructions after registering on the site and place an order
Get in touch with our friendly support or writer directly to learn if your order is doable
Download your paper after timely delivery to your account
Our features
Plagiarism-free Papers Producing unique texts is what drives our service. We check every paper for plagiarism before sending it you. Our bespoke software ensures that what you receive hasn’t been published before. Our developers keep the scanner updated with the latest algorithms. Thus, it runs with great accuracy without any downtimes. We give you the confidence to subject your paper to the scrutiny of course tools, like Turnitin.
Loyalty Discounts We reward return customers with discounts. And not just any discounts – we increase the price cuts depending on how much you spend over time. Let’s say you pay for more than 10 orders for the duration of a course. We’ll give you 15% off on all the other papers you order. It is that simple.
Free Revisions Our team of writers will make your experience fulfilling by getting it right the first time. But, where necessary, you could always ask for some tweaks. Since we’re as obsessed with perfection as you are, we will revise your paper until you are fully satisfied with it. And, if you don’t introduce new requirements or ask for a change of approach, we will not charge you anything extra.
Money Back Guarantee We give 100% money-back guarantees on all orders. If a paper falls way below your expectations, you’re entitled to a full refund. You could even get a partial refund if you raise concerns about quality, and we substantiate them.
Safe & Secure Payments We work with PayPal to ensure that you pay in a safe and secure way. We don’t get any access to your card details when you pay through PayPal. This approach protects you against online fraud and identity theft. It also gives you an added layer of security by making the transactions reversible.
Round-the-clock Support The Support Team is the main interface between us and you. Thus, we keep our communication lines open at all hours of the day, every day. The service is friendly and responsive to make your experience as smooth as possible. Call, chat, or email – we will not keep you waiting.
Plagiarism free We at ExtraEssay.com take the uniqueness of every delivered paper seriously. We consistently check for plagiarism before the papers are sent to you. This ensures the originality of our writers’ work. Each paper is run with a robust and up to date specially designed plagiarism software tool. Furthermore, our plagiarism software tool is consistently upgraded to ensure that it detects plagiarized texts with high certainty and accuracy.
Rewarding discounts for returned customers We have elaborated a loyalty system where your lifetime discount grows progressively depending on the overall amount spent with us. If you want to defer more than 10 papers to us - you will get 15% discount on all the next papers. The more you order - the bigger discount you get. No strings attached!
Free Revisions Perfection can take multiple efforts, and it is especially significant to know that you can request free corrections according to your comments if you dislike the paper, or want it to be refined. No additional cost is applied for your requests, as long as they are not new or contradictory ones.
Money Back Guarantee If you see that the paper is not completed per your guidelines, you are eligible for a 100% money-back before you accept the paper, or a partial refund for whatever quality concerns.
Secure Payments and Confidentiality We cooperate with PayPal, where you can pay both with your balance and credit/debit card. PayPal is a secure payment method that we work exclusively with to avoid any possible fraud..
Round-the-clock Support The Support Team is the main interface between us and you. Thus, we keep our communication lines open at all hours of the day, every day. The service is friendly and responsive to make your experience as smooth as possible. Call, chat, or email – we will not keep you waiting.
Style
Any Style Formatting (APA/MLA/Harvard/ Chicago Turabian and others)
Words
275/550 Words per Page
Revision
Free Revision According to Revision Warranty
Title
Free Title and Bibliography Pages
Flexible discounts for every order
Timely delivery
Plagiarism reports
Safe & secure payments
Real-time customer reviews
10 pages
7 pages
7 pages
6 pages
Samples
About us
Scotland-incorporated firm. Custom academic writing service that’s been in the industry for over a decade. An 85% customer return rate is a testament to our commitment to high quality and responsiveness. Attention to details, professionalism, and reliability are our core strengths. Our Support Team is on hand to attend to your queries 24/7.