Elevating the
enrollment education administration fundraising
experience.
We believe in improving school management through service and technology, and we’ve never lost sight of our goal — to help schools, administrators, teachers, and families solve the unique challenges they face.
Our Solutions
School Administration Solutions
One of the industry’s most comprehensive suites, our solutions allow you to consolidate your student information and activity with a single, service-oriented provider.
Financial Management
Our tools help manage your school’s finances, project cash flow, eliminate a siloed infrastructure, award financial aid, and offer your families flexible payment options — all with industry-leading security.
FACTS Education Solutions
FACTS Education Solutions provides professional development (PD) and instructional services from highly reputable instructors.
Advancement
A comprehensive donation platform that streamlines your donor communications, organizes donor information, and provides access to data analysis and reporting.
Enrollment & Communications
A user-friendly, customizable website content management system (CMS) that lets you build a school site to share information with current and prospective families.
A Message for Families
Our goal is to elevate the education experience for you and your students by keeping you connected to your students’ school, their activities, and their educational progress.
Testimonials
This is our third school year using FACTS Tuition Management and FACTS SIS. The total integration of those two products has been a real time saver. Advanced Accounting, Online Application, Online Enrollment, and Grant & Aid Assessment have also been huge improvements for us. Our teachers love the classroom management and communication functions in FACTS SIS, and the grade book and attendance functions could not be easier to use. Finally, the customer service team for FACTS are the best in the business. Nineteen times out of twenty, I reach our dedicated rep on the first ring. This is a team that is dedicated to providing the most comprehensive and innovative school management solutions. Keep up the great work!
Featured Resources
Premier Billing Webinar
Discover how financial, administrative, and academic system integration can streamline processes for schools and families.
The Evolution of Fundraising
Are your development and fundraising efforts evolving with technology? It’s time to re-evaluate your development and fundraising best practices to reach your school's goals.