FAIRNESS & ACCURACY IN REPORTING
Challenging media bias since 1986.
FAIR is the national progressive media watchdog group, challenging corporate media bias, spin and misinformation.
BY Janine Jackson
‘This Is the Latest Chapter of a Long History of US Betrayal of Kurds’
October 22, 2019
BY Justin Anderson
Chinese Censorship of US Media: New Spin on an Old Tactic
October 20, 2019
BY Douglas Grant
Only One View at The View: Biden Not So Bad
October 19, 2019
BY Gregory Shupak
Media Alarmed by Imaginary US Pullout From Syria
October 18, 2019
BY Janine Jackson
‘Finance Can Be Something That Helps Rather Than Harms Our Communities’
October 18, 2019
“There are people in the region who are fighting for their freedom, and we should hear those voices and look to those voices.”
The Chinese government’s ability to set the terms of free speech in the US media and entertainment sphere is surely alarming. However, fears of Chinese censorship might be overreported in comparison with the long history in the US of media censorship at the behest of the US military, government agencies and other foreign countries.
The View has served as a sort of daytime rapid response room for Joe Biden’s candidacy: defending him against charges of being too old, normalizing his invasive interactions with women or dismissing his mangling of a war story.
The demand that the US keep its forces in Syria to prevent Turkish violence against Kurdish and other Syrian people ignores the fact that US forces in Syria are not an obstacle to Turkish violence.
“It essentially is a David vs. Goliath story of an all-volunteer group of activists that went toe-to-toe with well-funded banking lobbyists to push this bill through the California state legislature.”
World events can be confusing, but they’re made much more so by media coverage that insists, against all evidence, that righteousness is what guides US foreign policy.
FAIR’s 4-page, ad-free, newsletter publishes ten times a year bringing you the media analysis and activism that you won’t find anywhere else. Choose a print subscription, a digital PDF edition, or both together.
CounterSpin, the weekly radio show of FAIR, provides a critical exposé of the corporate news. Produced and hosted by Janine Jackson it is heard on more than 135 noncommercial stations. The current show, back archives and transcripts are available online.
This is Dynamik Widget Area. You can add content to this area by going to Appearance > Widgets in your WordPress Dashboard and adding new widgets to this area.
This week’s Democratic presidential debate confirmed that media are stuck in a fairly rigid debate script that elevates questions about healthcare and the economy above all else, and leaves many pressing topics deeply underexplored.
Groundbreaking studies of the US military’s outsized contribution to the climate crisis received no coverage in virtually all the US’s biggest newspapers and TV news channels.
Our elites are engaged in normal economic activity or else looking out for the betterment of humanity, while theirs are nefariously dominating politics.
Election Focus 2020: The fiscally conservative, risk-averse, largely-happy-with-the-status-quo voter—which, by the way, probably fits the profile of most of the corporate media questioners—would haunt much of NBC’s debates.
The study is the clearest evidence of the devastating impact US policy is having on the people of Venezuela.
FAIR is the national progressive media watchdog group, challenging corporate media bias, spin and misinformation. We work to invigorate the First Amendment by advocating for greater diversity in the press and by scrutinizing media practices that marginalize public interest, minority and dissenting viewpoints. We expose neglected news stories and defend working journalists when they are muzzled. As a progressive group, we believe that structural reform is ultimately needed to break up the dominant media conglomerates, establish independent public broadcasting and promote strong non-profit sources of information.
Fairness & Accuracy In Reporting
124 W. 30th Street, Suite 201
New York, NY 10001
Tel: 212-633-6700
We rely on your support to keep running. Please consider donating.