- Agility Sniper 2.0 Sept 20192by Wastelanderoneshot84, 3 days, 20 hours ago
- Heavy build (power armor)2by Wildman841, 1 week, 4 days ago
- Fallout 76 Nuke Codes: October 22 – October 2987by Jammer329, 2 weeks, 5 days ago
- Sneaky Explosive Shotgun + Mutations (no V.A.T.S) (Solo/Coop)2by zoltrixor, 1 month ago
- Napalm Turtle V2 (Heal/Support) (PA-Mutations)2by Vipermax, 1 month, 1 week ago
- (First ever) Heavy Gunnerby DesertThornz, 11 hours, 20 minutes ago
- Max Haul Buildby Kopa23, 17 hours, 17 minutes ago
- TSE plasma rifle buildby IguanaDestroyer, 5 days, 19 hours ago
- Gunslinger Build, No Power Armorby gary, 1 week, 1 day ago
- Bloodied Stealth Sniperby Poky, 1 week, 4 days ago
Welcome to FalloutBuilds.com
Howdy Partners, nice to have you on FalloutBuilds.com!
(First ever) Heavy Gunner
This is my first build posting, leave thoughts and suggestions, please!
( Also, I recommend X-01 for the Power Armor..unless something is tougher. 🙂 )
GUNSMITH +5 can be swapped out for DEMOLITION EXPERT +5, hence why FIREPROOF is there. GLOW SIGHT can be swapped for GRENADIER.
BANDOLIER and LOCK AND LOAD could be sacrificed in order to put on ORDNANCE EXPRESS.
Max Haul Build
I tried to create a build that would maximize the amount of stuff you can carry/create.
TSE plasma rifle build
Nae nae town
Gunslinger Build, No Power Armor
So I have a Power Armor, two hand Melee and heavy weapons build, I am now wanting to do a gun slinger build with no power armor. What do you guys think, the pro’s and con’s?
Heavy build (power armor)
Joe
Bloodied Stealth Sniper
This build obviously isn’t at all unique or overly overpowered like other builds i have seen, but you can sneak kill groups of enemies regardless of level without any problems.
I use a full set of Weightless Scout armour with no SPECIAL stat buffs and it works wonders although armour doesn’t really matter when you’re sneak killing everything.
I carry both an Instigating and a Bloodied Lever Action which both come in handy a whole bunch.
NEW Be handmande solo only and no power armor
oops
BE handmade solo players
the strength is just for carry weight and defense
Heavy Guns New
This is the build I’ve recently switched to for Heavy Guns, and the special stats also work for melee, unarmed, and shotgun builds. Originally I had 15 Int, but since max Int doesn’t matter for the selling price of craftables (and you’re not crafting your end game weapons anyway) it’s just there for xp and relevant perks.
I’m still not sure Scrapper does anything but I make sure it’s on all my builds as I’m constantly scrapping things to make inventory …
Bloodied Rambo (Cavalier Commando)
This is my actual Build, so it’s tested and i can say it works pretty well in PVE and even in PVP.
Basically all you have to do is running and VATS shooting, other than avoid enemies’ bullets.
The idea behind this build is simple: shooting as fast as possible, with the highest DPS as possibile and nerfing the opponents’ damage in the meantime.
Offensive perks like Commando, Bloody Mess and Demolition Expert are combined with some suppressing perks like Dodgy, Suppressor, Nerd …
Sneaky Explosive Shotgun + Mutations (no V.A.T.S) (Solo/Coop)
S.P.E.C.I.A.L
https://nukesdragons.com/SneakyExplosiveShotgun
PERKS
Must have: Shotgunner, Master Shotgunner, Expert Shotgunner, Scattershot, Blocker, Skeetshooter, Grenadier, Glow Sight, Tenderizer, Demoliton Expert, Adrenaline, Covert Operative, Sneak (2), Bloody Mess, Class Freak, Starched Genes
Nice to have: Rejuvenated or Fireproof (2), Strange in Numbers (coop), Escape Artist, Action Boy/Girl
Bonus (only in C.A.M.P): Gunsmith, Weapon Artisan, Fix it Good
MUTATIONS
Must have: Eagle Ey…
Agility Sniper 2.0 Sept 2019
Agility Sniper 2.0
My shotgunbuild(no bloodied)
This is my shotgun build.
Could you give me some advice on this bulid .
Bloodied Stealth Commando
This build is for maximum Damage/Energy resistance. The damage output for this build is slightly reduced due to recent nerfing of PVP damage output (it is now a maximum of 110 per shot). I do however understand that DPS is important for overcoming the various damage resistances of your PVP opponent; thus this build will still hit hard enough to overcome your PVP opponent.
This build doesn’t use power armor.
The armor that I use with this build includes:
Powered unyielding sentinel left l…
legendary weapons being sold for cheap
I need some legendary weapons gone, I have more weapons on me that are for sale, but the ones in the vending machines needs to go. Please help me. Message me: thedevil6664208 on the Xbox.