Get a van. Make it our new home. Be nomads. Live Offbeat. Focus on riding dirt and snow. Get the life before the life gets us.
Hello! We’re Isabelle and Antoine In 2017 we sold our house (and everything in it), quit our engineering careers and moved into our self built campervan. We’ve been on the road since then and every day is an opportunity for a new adventure; we’re chasing our dreams and hopefully it inspires others to do the same!
NEWS
WE DID IT!
The house is sold and we live full time on the road! It feels UNREAL!
We’re somewhere between the Atlantic and Pacific ocean... check out our Facebook or Instagram for our latest adventures!
Door Prop for Transit and Sprinter Van (Holds The Rear Door Open)
This door prop thingy holds the rear door open using the existing latch mechanism. If fits the Ford Transit and Mercedes Sprinter. Here is why and when we use it!
Battle Born Batteries Review: 12V Lithium (LiFePO4) For Camper, RV, Boat, etc
Are Battle Born Lithium (LiFePO4) batteries superior to AGM batteries for electrical system of campervans, RV, boats, etc? To find out, we replaced the battery bank of our campervan (210Ah AGM) for Battle Born Batteries (200Ah LiFePO4 Lithium) and we’ve been testing them FULL TIME since June 2019. Here is our review.
How To Start Your Website (And Make Money)
Creating your own website is a great way to keep your brain busy on the road, connect with other people and even make money remotely! We’re no Internet gurus or experts, but if we made it happen with FarOutRide.com, so can you! Here is everything to get started.
Two Years Of Vanlife: A Retrospective
This is our most EPIC post to date: two years of vanlife condensed into one article! Tales from the road, van talk, lessons learned, etc. MUST READ!
OUR STORY
"The comfort zone is a beautiful place, but nothing ever grows there"
should we stay or should we go?
VAN LIFE
Two Years Of Vanlife: A Retrospective
This is our most EPIC post to date: two years of vanlife condensed into one article! Tales from the road, van talk, lessons learned, etc. MUST READ!
Tales From The Road: March 2019
March 2019 Vanlife Tales from the Road: Rogers Pass, The Icefields Highway, Jasper, Terrace and Alaska (kind of).
Tales From The Road: Winter 2019 Half-Time
Our Vanlife tales: SO-CAL, Bellingham, Mt Baker, Squamish, Duffey Lake.
Tales from the Road: November 2018
Lake Tahoe, Yosemite National Park, Mammoth Lakes and So Cal. Trying to make the most out of what’s left of summer!