You’re in control and secure with all the features embedded in Fastest VPN. They are included in all the subscription plans.
Browse the web without any limitations
Bypass restrictions and access geo-restricted content from anywhere.
Keep your identity hidden by hiding your IP while you surf the net or exchange important data.
Download torrents anonymously with your IP address hidden from prying eyes.
Use the internet without censorship and get uninterrupted internet experience.
Secure your internet and protect yourself from hacking and surveillance.
Block all and any malicious content from entering your device with malware protection feature.
Encrypted network secures your Wi-Fi whether you use a private or public internet connection.
No matter what device you own, Fastest VPN has got you covered. Whether it’s Windows, macOS, Android or iOS, there is a dedicated app for each major platform. Configure VPN directly in router and open up more platforms.
With FastestVPN, connect up to 10 devices simultaneously with just one account.
Why FastestVPN Is the Choice of Millions
Ultra-fast, ultra-secure and easy-to-use service with instant setup!
FastestVPN’s servers allow p2p traffic. They are optimized for ultra-high speeds for torrenting.
Data is encrypted via the best-in-class AES 256-bit encryption standard trusted by security experts.
One subscription allows 10 multi logins on any type of device at the same time.
FastestVPN has zero log policy making you untraceable over the internet.
Malware protection protects you from threats at all times. It keeps all latest threats at bay.
NAT firewall is an effective additional layer of security that blocks unsolicited traffic.
FastestVPN’s ad blocker feature protects your device from annoying ads.
Support is available 24/7 via live chat to help you with your queries from setup to troubleshooting.
With third-parties and government agencies spying on you, VPN is a must-have. Laws such as data retention laws, have obligated Internet Service Providers to provide an individual’s data without informing the individual. In the United States, NSA collects internet communications from various internet and telecommunication companies such as AT&T and Sprint. Let FastestVPN secure your web browsing and keep your data private.
Buy VPN Plan That Fits On your Need
Get affordable plans to suit your needs at economical prices with the added
benefit
of a 15-day money back guarantee.
510,000
People Have Already Secured Their Internet Using Fastest vpn
See What Our Customers Says About Us
Travelling through subways, I tend to connect to public Wi-Fi in-between to catch up on work while I wait. I use FastestVPN to secure my network connection on my phone or laptop when I use public Wi-Fi. Highly recommended.Reginald D’Souza
I had a few connectivity issues that were resolved quickly when I contacted the support department. The guide was step by step which was excellent for a non-technical person, like me.Fred Andrews
The VPN is excellent as it performs the function that I got it for very well. I can stream content from anywhere without the speed slowing down.Nicholas Martin
The VPN apps are not complex at all and very easy to use. All I had to do was download it and let it install. The app did not require me to setup anything!Anna Cooper
Excellent support with great replying rate! The guy on the support was very patient with my questions and helped me until my issue was resolved. I would definitely recommend it.Elijah
Recently subscribed to FastestVPN for Australian Open. Set up was quick and simple and connectivity was excellent.Johnathon Fernandez
Travelling through subways, I tend to connect to public Wi-Fi in-between to catch up on work while I wait. I use FastestVPN to secure my network connection on my phone or laptop when I use public Wi-Fi. Highly recommended.Reginald D’Souza
I had a few connectivity issues that were resolved quickly when I contacted the support department. The guide was step by step which was excellent for a non-technical person, like me.Fred Andrews
The VPN is excellent as it performs the function that I got it for very well. I can stream content from anywhere without the speed slowing down.Nicholas Martin
The VPN apps are not complex at all and very easy to use. All I had to do was download it and let it install. The app did not require me to setup anything!Anna Cooper
Money Back Guarantee
There's no Risk Whatsoever!Get Fastest VPN Now
© Copyright 2019 Fastest VPN - All Rights Reserved.