FatCow Web Hosting was founded in 1998 in with the simple mission of providing the most reliable, affordable and fun hosting service for
personal and small business websites. Since that time, we have grown into one of the largest and most influential hosting services in the
industry. Throughout our growth we have stayed true to our core values. Today we provide all of our customers with a safe, secure,
Green hosting platform all backed by the best support around, the Moo Crew.
Proud to be Green
Since 2009, FatCow has been committed to purchasing Renewable Energy Certificates (RECs) to offset its use
of electricity; this year, the company will purchase enough RECs to offset its use of electricity by 200%.
FatCow's commitment to the environment will prevent 999 metric tons of carbon dioxide from being released into the atmosphere,
this year alone; that's equivalent to planting 213 acres of trees or taking 196 cars off the road!
FatCow's actions have not only inspired Moo Crew members who have made simple changes in their daily routines to contribute to the effort,
but also our customers who proudly display their Green Server badges on their websites. Every FatCow customer is given a badge that they
can place on their website to let visitors know that they're surfing a website backed by eco-friendly web hosting services. To learn more
about FatCow's eco-friendly, visit our Green Hosting page.
Hosting Architecture
FatCow's web
host services are served by two Boston-area data centers. Combined, they occupy over 2400 square feet of space, comprised of over
800 Servers and half a petabyte of storage … and growing, fast! Our network infrastructure is comprised
of a pooled server environment, which gives virtually any server on our network the ability to access Web site files when a request occurs.
This means that the first machine available will be the one to serve a customer's Web pages, giving our customer incredibly fast load times
and fewer service interruptions than our competition.
Fatcow's network-attached storage also enables any machine to access customer data. Each machine is clustered with another identical
machine that will seamlessly take over if the primary unit crashes, ensuring customer data is always safe and secure. Additionally, these
units are also backed by another set of storage units that include a mirror copy of the data in case of disk failure in the primary units.
Legendairy Support
At FatCow, we understand that it takes more than impressive technology to be a top host; it takes a great team of people. Over the years, the
Moo Crew, FatCow's customer support team, has developed a reputation in the industry for going the extra mile for
customers. The Moo Crew is available 24x7, 365 days a year and can be reached via phone, email or online chat.
We care so much about customer service at FatCow hosting that we've instituted the HeiferCratic Oath
which outlines our dedication to our customers. The oath includes such items as:
- Personal phone call within 7 days of signup
- 2-minute maximum hold time
- North American-based support.
- Resolve issue on initial contact or set a firm, follow-up deadline.
- Review and improve support experience with customer surveys.