Advanced software for merchants to boost their business, repair feedback, improve Amazon product reviews, and automate high-volume emails.
What makes Feedbackwhiz the best Amazon seller management software you’ll ever use?
Everything you need to simplify and effectively grow your Amazon business.
Order Management
All your orders, customer data and order metrics synced and fully integrated on one platform screen. Search, filter, analyze and download with ease. Intuitively designed to save you time and keep you focused on selling.
Product Reviews
Organize, view, and group all your product reviews in a single screen. Analyze, manage, and get instant notifications when negative reviews are posted.
Feedback
Create customized emails and fully configured campaigns to maximize positive feedback. Prioritize urgent negative feedback to address unsatisfied customers and maintain a great reputation with minimal effort.
Email Automation
Build powerful email sequences tailored to individual products and buyer behaviors. Create effective custom templates with our live preview editor using custom variables, emoji’s, animated gifs, file attachments, custom HTML, and much more.
Analytics
Increase profitability by focusing on intelligent insights that inform key decisions. A/B test campaigns, open rates, access and download data reports from orders, feedback, and product reviews.
Monitoring and Notifications
FeedbackWhiz can monitor seller feedback, product reviews, buy box changes, listing title changes, listing hijackers, and order returns. Get notified immediately when any of these events occur!
Automate, Manage, Monitor, Grow
-
Experience
-
Functionality
-
Value
Experience a clean, beautiful, and intuitive interface
Feedbackwhiz is built using cutting-edge technology— allowing you to see and do more than other software without any frustration.
Feedbackwhiz includes a comprehensive tutorial and help section along with videos and step-by-step instructions to help you each step of the way.
GET STARTED FREE!
Packed with all the essential features
What sets Feedbackwhiz apart from other apps is the abundance of features and metrics every seller needs to power their business to the top.
Feedbackwhiz provides useful graphs, data, statistics, reports, and notifications so you can focus on growing your business.
GET STARTED FREE!
Get the most bang for your buck
Eliminate the need for multiple software apps—access everything in one platform using one login for a fraction of the cost of other softwares.
Access all your global marketplaces with a simple drop down button.
GET STARTED FREE!
-
“FeedbackWhiz is an invaluable tool for Amazon sellers. We rely up on it to personalize and automate our customer correspondence and to monitor our customers' feedback. It is integral to our success and allows us to provide the same great customer experience within the Amazon ecosystem as we give to our own website customers.”
DavidKeyport
-
“Clients on the FreeeUp Marketplace love everything about FeedbackWhiz. It’s a well designed and powerful tool that every Amazon seller needs in their arsenal.”
Nathan HirschCo-Founder & CEO of Freeeup.com
-
“Easy to use interface makes it a breeze to have all of your email campaigns fully customized and automated so you can sit back and watch all the feedback roll in. Products got a huge boost in rankings as I can closely monitor reviews and keep ratings high by resolving issues right away.”
Chris I.CEO Kinesis Yoga
-
“Finally a way to gather and manage all your product reviews, this feature is so ideal for brand owners who manage hundreds of products. My product review ratings have improved substantially now that I get notifications and able to address issues immediately.”
Calvin Y.A8 Star
-
“Awesome user interface, so easy to use and navigate. Clean, effective email templates have more than doubled my feedback conversion rate after switching over. Highly recommended.”
Joe C.CEO & Founder of Nearson
-
“My review rate has gone up by over 50% since using Feedbackwhiz's email automaton tool. I was able to find the perfect email template using their split campaign A/B testing. Thank You!”
Liliane L.CEO of Lilian
Trusted and recommended by thousands of Amazon sellers
Start your free trial today
Full access to all features for 30 days—
No credit card required. Quick and easy setup.