Over my years of knitting, I've discovered an easy and safe way to block most of my knitting projects. I hope these hints answer some of the questions that most people face when blocking, explain the different methods, and offer some suggestions on the best technique to finish your favorite knitwear.
A list of alcohol ink painting supplies including inks, surfaces, and other materials used for creating colorful art with this unique medium.
Learn how to prepare acrylic paints with a muller and glass slab. The method discussed in this article will minimize the clean up while expediting the dispersion of pigments into the acrylic medium.
Learn how to custom paint leather shoes, boots or sandals successfully with acrylic paint and then how to trim and embellish them with rhinestones, faux gems, sequins and other fashion accents
Fabric pumpkins are a popular decoration during Halloween and Thanksgiving, but can be expensive to buy. But you can easily make them yourself and create your own stacked pumpkin topiary. This tutorial shares all the steps and includes ideas for decorating and building a stacked pumpkin decoration.
Learn the best way to rehydrate / reconstitute partly dry or fully dried metal clay with water to bring it back to a moist, pliable consistency.
From the inadvertent discovery in a lab beaker to coating Ferrari’s, this pigment has a story as rich as it’s red hue.
If you'd like to learn how to do a pour painting, this tutorial for beginners will teach you what supplies you’ll need, how to prepare a canvas, mix paints, and the steps to create your very own painting.
Necklaces made with many strands of beads may seem complicated, but are quite easy to make! This step-by-step tutorial will show you how to design and create your own beautiful beaded necklace.
Painting tips for beginners. A guide to acrylic paint techniques you can use to get creative effects: splattering, pouring, masking, collage, and more.
This covers the methods of making unique metallic and pearlescent coatings with mica pigments. A few mixing techniques will be discussed.
Turning pieces of driftwood into sculpture is fun, challenging, and rewarding. Half the fun is finding driftwood while walking along the Humarock Beach. The other half is fitting the pieces together to create a driftwood whale sculpture.
Learn how to create a mosaic design from ceramic tiles for a table. How to make a mosaic table top with ceramic tiles for outdoors in your garden. The best mosaic techniques for beginners. How to grout a mosaic. Ceramic tile mosaics make awesome garden tables.
A quick guide to clip-on anamorphic lenses for mobile phones. You'll also learn the history of the anamorphic lens, how it's used in filmmaking, and how it has evolved today.
This clay is made from white bread and white glue, dries rock hard, and can be used for pins, decorations, and jewelry. Perfect for children and adults to play and craft with.