Vacation in the region Nassfeld - Pressegger See. Enjoy nature. Experience the mountain.
We are a family business that can look back on a long tradition. Three generations live in our house. Our main occupation is agriculture. We are happy to spoil you with our own products from our agriculture.
Experience the mountain and the nearby alpine pastures.
Our farm
The Gailtal Valley The Gailtal valley itself is about 90 km long and stretches almost straight along a geological fault line from west to east. The valley (in Carinthia) is bordered in the north by the Gailtaler and in the south by the Carnic Alps (or Karawanken). Between Hermagor and Görtschach, near the Gail at 560 m above sea level, lies the small Lake Pressegger See. From Kötschach-Mauthen the valley floor of the Gailtal valley widens and is partly covered by swamps (especially between Görtschach and Gailitz). The settlements of the Gailtal valley lie on the hillside terraces and alluvial cones. The Untergailtal (from Hermagor) is also characterised by valley narrowing, for example at the Villacher Alpe. The Gailtal valley is developed by the Gailtal Railway, which runs from Kötschach-Mauthen to Gailitz. Main towns: Kötschach-Mauthen (705 m), Dellach (672 m), Hermagor (602 m) and Vorderberg (565 m).
Skiing / Nassfeld
The Nassfeld is one of the top 10 skiing areas in Austria and with 110 km of slopes the largest skiing area in Carinthia! Snow Safe! The Nassfeld is not only the most modern, but also one of the most snow-sure ski areas in the Alps, and every slope can be snowed. Read more ...
Ice Skating
If you like to strap on your runners and do your laps on the ice, you've come to the right place. You will certainly not be bored: on an area of 6.5 km² you have more than enough space on the largest natural ice surface in Europe, the frozen Weissensee.Read more ...
Cozy Apartments
Apartments for 4-6 persons (55-70 m2) with beautiful balconies overlooking a magnificent mountain panorama.
Ski Area Nassfeld Hermagor
The ski area Nassfeld Hermagor is only 2 km away and can be reached perfectly with the free shuttle bus.
Hiking
Enjoy the Carnic Alps with your friends and family.