Take back control of feedback & review processes for videos, images, PDFs, documents and websites
trusted by
Simple and effective communication helps all project members to fully understand the project and their role within it
Your project processes should remove all barriers for others, helping them to quickly and easily provide the input you need
Filestage is the only project tool dedicated to solving the unique challenges in digital projects. Find out more below
Projects move faster when you're not stuck wading through your inbox. Filestage centralizes feedback, leaving your inbox free from clutter
Clients, colleagues and stakeholders can give instant, in-context feedback on your work from wherever they are
Project members can easily review and add annotations to your videos, images and PDFs to provide their comments and make change requests
Review documents and files within your project team first. Then get input from clients or stakeholders on your best work
Clients and stakeholders won't even need to create an account to add comments or approve your work if they don't want to. It's all done in the browser
Get the information you need about the status of reviews at a glance. Quickly decide when a follow-up is needed to complete reviews
Import files directly into your Filestage projects from cloud storage. Save time and hassle in preparing files for review.
Include Filestage project and review links in tools such as Slack, Trello and Basecamp to enhance existing team processes.
Automate actions and steps with the Filestage API to build unique processes within your IT set up, and reduce manual tasks for users.
Filestage has helped us manage our creative workflow in a much more efficient manner.
Customize Filestage with your own logo. Make it an integral part of your client communications.
Present your files on a professional stage. Filestage is the right tool, no matter if you are using a computer, a tablet or a smartphone.
Filestage is so easy and intuitive that even old-fashioned clients will understand it immediately.
Tried and tested in every corner of the world, you're just a few clicks away from joining the tribe of professionals who have already decided that there is a better way to manage digital projects
Join over 1,200 companies and get started with Filestage.