Royalty Free music
Latest music
Even though my opinion is in fact worthless, this might be the best metal piece I've ever written. A huge diversity of bangin' riffs, in strange tempo signatures and "unnatural" transitions. If you haven’t tried putting metal music to your content, try it now! You might find that people love it (because they do, and they should)
05:52
The intense beat that breaks into the atmosphere of the night. This track will be perfect for sport games and cars. The powerful bass and synth brings the true sense of adrenaline, speed and races.
01:26
Energetic elegant opening logo for any of your projects. Dynamic background and intense rhythm is Perfect for action trailer, intro, video, movie, teaser, sport, opener, motivating commercial, etc.
00:07
A very melodic and heavy rock/metal piece with both slow melodic sections, as well as heavier parts that will make your heart skip a beat.
04:37
Inspired by Tool. A piece full of awesome distorted riffs that doesn't make any sense. Will definitely grab your viewers attention.
04:02
Ominous hip hop lofi instrumental in a Wu-Tang vein.
02:31
Every generation has its masterpiece; Bach's Brandenburg Concertos, Beethoven's 9th Symphony, Rossini's "William Tell". This is such a piece. For nearly one minute, "Farting Around" will transport you to a new world. A world of unadulterated joy. A world of pure farts.
00:54
The rainforest is burning and you feel powerless. This song is a snapshot of my feelings when I see the pictures on TV.
03:52
I love fish, do you? Then let's make sure that the sea is always full of fish.
04:02
Classical song with Cellos, Violin, Contrabass ensembles accompanied by some Piccolo lines. Melancholic and reflexive melody. Composed entirely with sheet music software (no sequencer or external synthesizers this time).
01:56
A sample scene for a RPG game. The main character traverses a forest land while some difficulties appear. Catchy melodies; a peaceful harmony.
01:07
A sample scene for a RPG game. The main character traverses a forest land while some difficulties appear. Catchy melodies; backing strings useful for action.
02:02
The Night - Luna Li - GuZheng Improvisation QsLuna - Luna Li's Lively Creative World www.QsLuna.com
01:35
Luna Li's Composition - A Lost Map Of A Heaven
02:34
Plug Sound, warm beruhigend, entspannend
04:51
Ac Guitar, Nachdenklich, Ruhig, getragen, bewegte Fläche, Science Fiction,
05:08
Titelmelodie, Ruhig, Motivation, bewegt, Internet, Forschung, Satellit, Hi Tech
04:53
The good news is, you can take as long as you want to answer the final million dollar question! The bad news is that you have to listen to the synth horns until you're done. Very funky. Just some brass and a drum kit. No big changes throughout the song, which makes it perfect for background music.
04:37
Nothing but good, wholesome instruments here. None of those dirty electric guitars, synths, drum kits, harps, sackbuts, or pipe organs. Heh, organs. Relaxing and calm cinematic music with few big changes. Very steady mood and emotion. Use as background music!
06:03
So dark, so cold. The Sun isn´t visible anymore - you dont know why. The only thing you know is that its dark, that it is cold and your only will is to survive - survive until the sun goes up again...
00:53
Epic and slow Soundtrack with brightness and deepness, with loud and silent passages.
03:54
Painfull fight - could be the last one. Prepare to loose what you loved, prepare to die - or to win evrything!
02:20
Du sitzt am Steuer deines 65er Mustangs und fährst über die endlos scheinende Gerade auf das Monument Valley zu. Über dir nur wolkenloser Himmel und grenzenlose Freiheit ...
03:59
Die Gassi-Runde mit dem besten Freund, ganz gemächlich, bloß keine Hetze, vielleicht ein kleines Pläuschchen am Gartenzaun. In der Nachbarschaft summt ein Rasenmäher sein monotones Lied ...
04:23
Treibender Electro-Beat mit markanter Melodie, klassischem 80er-Synthibass und 909-Anklängen.
04:44