Riva Media Records has released a soundtrack album for the Dutch drama Instinct. The album features the film’s original music composed by Ella van der Woude (Take Me Somewhere Nice, Stranger in Paradise). The soundtrack is now available to download on Amazon, where you can also listen to audio samples. Instinct is directed by Halina Reijn and stars Carice van Houten and Marwan Kenzari. The movie, which has been selected as the Dutch entry for the Best International Feature Film at next year’s Academy Awards, follows a veteran female psychologist who begins a position at a secure men’s rehab facility and meets a charismatic, manipulative patient with a violent history of sexual assault. Read the rest of this entry »
‘Instinct’ Soundtrack ReleasedPosted: October 23, 2019 by filmmusicreporter in Film Music Albums
Tags: Ella van der Woude, Halina Reijn, Instinct, score, Soundtrack
First Soundtrack Album for ‘Peaky Blinders’ to Be ReleasedPosted: October 22, 2019 by filmmusicreporter in TV Music Albums
Tags: Anna Calvi, Anthony Genn, BBC, Dickon Hinchliffe, Martin Phipps, Martin Slattery, Paul Hartnoll, Peaky Blinders, Soundtrack
Universal Music will release the first soundtrack album for the Peaky Blinders. The album features a selection of songs from the show by artists including The White Stripes, Radiohead, David Bowie, Black Sabbath, Laura Marling, Jack White & others. Also included is the series’ main title song Red Right Hand by Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds and tracks from the original score from all five seasons of the drama composed by Martin Phipps (Season 1), Paul Hartnoll (Season 2), Dickon Hinchliffe (Season 3), Anthony Genn & Martin Slattery (Season 4) and Anna Calvi (Season 5). The soundtrack will be released on November 15, 2019 and is now available for pre-order on Amazon. Read the rest of this entry »
Michael Abels to Score Joe Robert Cole’s ‘All Day and a Night’Posted: October 22, 2019 by filmmusicreporter in Film Scoring Assignments
Tags: All Day and a Night, Joe Robert Cole, Michael Abels, Netflix
Michael Abels (Get Out, Us, See You Yesterday) has been hired to score the upcoming Netflix original movie All Day and a Night. The film is written and directed by Joe Robert Cole (Black Panther) and stars Ashton Sanders, Jeffrey Wright, Yahya Abdul-Mateen II, Regina Taylor, Kelly Jenrette, Isaiah John, Shakira Ja-nai Paye and Andrea Lynn Ellsworth. The drama follows a young criminal after his arrival in prison as he looks back on the days preceding his arrest and the circumstances of his childhood to find clues to his way forward in life and his survival. Color Force’s Nina Jacobson (The Hunger Games) and Brad Simpson (American Crime Story, Crazy Rich Asians) and Jared Ian Goldman (Ingrid Goes West, Wilson). Read the rest of this entry »
Soundtrack Album for BBC’s ‘Seven Worlds One Planet’ to Be ReleasedPosted: October 22, 2019 by filmmusicreporter in TV Music Albums
Tags: Bleeding Fingers Music, Hans Zimmer, Jacob Shea, score, Seven Worlds One Planet, Soundtrack
Silva Screen Records will release the official soundtrack album for the BBC Earth natural history series Seven Worlds One Planet. The album features the show’s original music by Hans Zimmer (The Lion King, Gladiator, The Dark Knight, Inception) and Jacob Shea (Planet Earth II, Blue Planet II) who have composed the theme and Shea who has written the original score for Bleeding Fingers Music. The soundtrack will be released digitally tomorrow, October 23 and will be available to stream and download on Amazon, where you can also check out audio samples. Seven Worlds One Planet is presented and executive produced by Sir David Attenborough and will reveal how each distinct continent has shaped the unique animal life found there. Read the rest of this entry »
Nicholas Britell to Score HBO’s LA Lakers Pilot ‘Showtime’Posted: October 22, 2019 by filmmusicreporter in TV Scoring Assignments
Tags: Adam McKay, HBO, Nicholas Britell, Showtime
Nicholas Britell (Moonlight, If Beale Street Could Talk, The Battle of the Sexes, Free State of Jones) is reteaming with Adam McKay on the HBO drama pilot Showtime. The pilot is directed by McKay, written by Max Borenstein (Godzilla) and stars Jason Clarke, John C. Reilly, Quincy Isaiah, Solomon Hughes, Gaby Hoffmann, DeVaughn Nixon, Molly Gordon, Rob Morgan, Spencer Garrett, Kirk Bovill, Delante Desouza and Hadley Robinson. The series is inspired by Jeff Pearlman’s book Showtime: Magic, Kareem, Riley and the Los Angeles Lakers Dynasty of the 1980s and centers on the professional and personal lives of the 1980s Los Angeles Lakers and its management as they created one of sports’ most revered dynasties and a team that defined its era, both on and off the court. Read the rest of this entry »
Ben Platt’s Songs from Netflix’s ‘The Politician’ ReleasedPosted: October 22, 2019 by filmmusicreporter in TV Music Albums
Tags: Ben Platt, Netflix, Ryan Murphy, Soundtrack, The Poltician
Atlantic Records has released a soundtrack EP for the Netflix original series The Politician. The 4-track EP features the songs from the show’s first season performed by lead actor Ben Platt, including River (as featured in the first episode), Unworthy of Your Love (with Zoey Deutch), Vienna and Run Away. The soundtrack is now available to stream/download on Amazon Music. Also listen to all four songs after the jump. The Politician is created by Ryan Murphy, Brad Falchuk & Ian Brennan and starring Ben Platt, Gwyneth Paltrow, Zoey Deutch, Jessica Lange, Lucy Boynton, Laura Dreyfuss and Rahne Jones. The series, which follows a wealthy young man from Santa Barbara with political aspirations, premiered last month and is now available to stream on Netflix. Read the rest of this entry »
‘Secret Bridesmaids’ Business’ Soundtrack Album AnnouncedPosted: October 22, 2019 by filmmusicreporter in TV Scoring Assignments
Tags: James Orr, Lisa Gerrard, score, Secret Bridesmaid's Business, Soundtrack
Air-Edel Records has announced a soundtrack album for the Australian TV series Secret Bridesmaids’ Business. The album features the show’s original music composed by Lisa Gerrard (Gladiator, Whale Rider, The Insider, Ali) & James Orr (2:22, West of Sunshine). The soundtrack will be released digitally on November 4, 2019. Check back on this page for the purchase/streaming links. Secret Bridesmaids’ Business is directed by Tori Garrett & Jennifer Perrott and stars Abbie Cornish, Katie McGrath, Georgina Haig, Alexander England, Dan Spielman, Oliver Ackland, Annie Jones and Nicholas Bell. Read the rest of this entry »
Bret McKenzie to Develop New Film Adaptation of ‘Emmet Otter’s Jug-Band Christmas’Posted: October 21, 2019 by filmmusicreporter in Film Music News
Tags: Bret McKenzie, Emmet Otter’s Jug-Band Christmas
Variety is reporting that Flight of the Conchords member Bret McKenzie is writing the script and will compose the music for a new movie adaptation of the classic ABC special Emmet Otter’s Jug-Band Christmas. The movie produced by the Jim Henson Company, Pacific Electric Picture Company and Snoot Entertainment follows a poor otter family who risks everything for the chance to win the cash prize of a talent contest for Christmas. The 1977 ABC special, which was based on the children’s book of the same name by Russell Hoban, featured original songs by Paul Williams. Read the rest of this entry »
Soundtrack Album for Rooster Teeth’s ‘gen:LOCK’ ReleasedPosted: October 21, 2019 by filmmusicreporter in TV Scoring Assignments
Tags: Adult Swim, David Levy, Gen:Lock, Gray Haddock, Rooster Teeth, score, Soundtrack
A soundtrack album has been released for Rooster Teeth’s animated series gen:LOCK. The album features the selections of the music from the show’s first season composed by David Levy (Red vs. Blue). The soundtrack is now available to download on Amazon, where you can also check out audio samples. gen:LOCK is created by Gray Haddock and features the voices of Michael B. Jordan, Dakota Fanning, Maisie Williams, Kōichi Yamadera, Golshifteh Farahani, Asia Kate Dillon and David Tennant. The series is set 50 years in the future, where an oppressive authoritarian force threatens to conquer the world and follows a team that is recruited to pilot a new form of weaponized neuroscience that powers devastating mecha. Read the rest of this entry »
Dominic Lewis Scoring Peter Segal’s ‘My Spy’Posted: October 21, 2019 by filmmusicreporter in Film Scoring Assignments
Tags: Disney Channel, Dominic Lewis, My Spy, Peter Segal, The Rocketeer
Dominic Lewis has composed the original score for the upcoming action comedy My Spy. The film is directed by Peter Segal (Get Smart, Anger Management, Second Act) and stars Dave Bautista, Kristen Schaal, Parisa Fitz-Henley, Chloe Coleman and Ken Jeong. The movie follows a hardened CIA operative who has been demoted and finds himself at the mercy of a precocious 9-year-old girl where he has been sent undercover begrudgingly to surveil her family. Jon & Erich Hoeber (Red, The Meg) wrote the screenplay. Read the rest of this entry »