India's 1st Investing, Learning & Legal services platform that helps you grow.
One stop solution for all your legal & financial needs.
Investment Advisory based on Value Investing principles.
Premium Courses on Legal, Finance & Investing.
DIY Legal Agreements & Legal Services.
Choose from our bucket of offerings.
At Finology we work on the principle of Value investing, guiding you through the steps to grow and create wealth in long time by planning your Financial portfolio and goals.
Finbox
Ideabag
Masterplan
Super Funds
Academy of Value Investing
अकैडमी ऑफ़ वैल्यू इन्वेस्टिंग
Academy of Mutual Funds
अकैडमी ऑफ़ म्यूचूअल फंड्स
Finology offers you certificate course on various topics of law, finance and entrepreneurship. Take a good look at our bouquet of courses if you want to enhance your knowledge, train for the practical application of that knowledge and add more value to your professional credibility and business.
We are here to handle all your tax matters so that you can focus on what matters the most to your business. Be it registering with tax authorities, preparing returns or filing them, we will do all the work for you, we can even help you save taxes without having to be non-compliant.
GST Registration
GST Filing
IT Returns
Incorporation
B-Plan
Website
Finology is your one stop solution for all your issues and queries related to starting, managing and protecting your business. We offer services ranging from business incorporation, compliance, taxation to building up and protecting your brand value through trademark & copyright registrations and creating your online presence.
This is majorly due to the rampant mis-selling and lack of dependable advice, which gave a bad name to the stock market.
We believe that more and more Indians can create wealth by understanding the immense power of the Stock Market. We aim to make that possible by giving you #AchiWaliAdvice
Finology is born to empower the common investors. With our unbiased and in-depth approach, we make investing simple and rewarding. Finology is your Personal Finance Coach that helps you to Save More, Earn More and Invest Intelligently.
Our Offerings are loved by all.
600K+
100K+
2K+
50+
312, AIC@36INC, 3rd Floor
City Center Mall, Pandri
Raipur - 492001, Chhattisgarh, IN
0794 8062 777
support@finology.in