SHOP PAINTINGS BY CATEGORY
MADE-T0-SIZE ARTWORKS
Don't let size come between you and your favorite art !
Check over 5000+ handmade paintings and art prints that can be recreated in any size and orientation you need. Get quotation for your required size on the artwork page, select a frame if needed and place your order instantly
CHOOSE PAINTINGS BY PRICE
ABOUT US
Fizdi has been India's most trusted store for modern and affordable art since 2009. We have more than 25000 curated artworks on various subjects and themes from over 5000 artists and art galleries. We have served over 150000 happy customers in India & worldwide. We also offer Framing, Commissioned Art, Portrait and Photo-to-Painting services online. We believe in offering high quality artworks at affordable price - supported by stellar customer service.
OUR CUSTOMERS LOVE US
Amazing experience right from the painting options on the website, the customer service updates and the delivery options. Really happy with the service and will be using the services again in the future. Thanks.
G. SHASHIDHARAN, QATAR
Excellent quality of painting and really low price. Awesome customer care support.
K. ANJANI, PUNE
Excellent painting. I am impressed by the meticulousl packing. I will certainly order more the mounting and frame is exactly what I had in mind
K. MENON, BANGALORE
Your service was excellent! Both Ashwini and Pooja were very helpful and went a long way to satisfy us. A big thank you!
The product quality was good enough after it was adjusted to suit our taste with muted colours.
A. GULATI, GURGOAN
Amazing paintings. I've never seen such an online collection in my life. To add to that, option to customize the size and frames. And on-time delivery, as promised. I'm really impressed! Keep up the good work!
H. ADIGA, BENGALURU
The painting is very nice as was dreaming for... Staff is very helpful and tries to understand every need.
S. LINGARKAR, AUSTRALIA
I received the painting today and it is absolutely mind blowing, just the way we imagined it would be in the picture. Me and my wife, we both really want to thank the artist, She/he is genius. We would definitely like to know more about the artist (name, paintings etc) but more than that we would like you guys to pass our regards and keep doing the awesome work!
V. KACHARE, CANADA
I had requested Fizdi for customization of two of the painting. Customization has been done brilliantly with great precision. Also no details of the paintings have been missed. Fizdi ensured delivery of paintings as promised.
S. SINGH, PUNE
The Painting was awesome, hand-painted on a canvas. Got the certificate of authenticity signed by the Artist. It was delivered to USA in 7 days after the order was placed and was updated about the shipment constantly.
R. BHARMAPPA, USA