Are you sure you want to delete this collection?
Select the collections you wish to keep using. All other collections will be locked until you upgrade to a Premium subscription.Get unlimited collections
and +2,137,500 icons
or
Choose your 3 favourite collections.
HTML image
CSS background
Copy the base64 encoded data and insert it in your document.Need help? Maybe this link can help you ;) http://css-tricks.com/data-uris/
2,137,500 vector icons grouped in 45,846 packs
It's okay if you don't find your perfect icon — at Flaticon you can edit its size, position and colors until you find the appropriate style for your project. Discover more.
PNG, SVG, EPS, PSD, Base 64, Iconfont or all of them
We produce over 60,000 icons every month
The most important feature of Flaticon, where you can manage your collection. Learn how to use them.
Create awesome patterns with your favorite icons.Try it now
Flaticon is the largest icon database. With this extension, you will have free access to our icons for your Google Docs, Slides, Forms and Sheets..More info
Generate your @font-face by converting your ttf (True Type Font) or otf (Open Type Font) to all webfonts. Your project need to look great on any platform.Generate @font-face
Are you a designer? Would you like to collaborate with Flaticon?Get in touch
Collection:
Pack:
More than 2,137,500 icons for 7,50€/month
Is it for the web? Copy this link in your website:
Copy the following link into the website you'll use this resource on. If you want to know more, read the Attribution Guide.
Collections are the core of our web app. Do you want to know how to use them? Press next to watch the guide.1 of 9
This is a list of your collections. You can change their names and they are sorted by use. Click on one of them to start using it.2 of 9
Click on this button to create a collection.3 of 9
Click here to change the name of the collection4 of 9
This is your active collection. One collection can have up to 256 icons if you are a registered user or 50 if you are not registered.5 of 9
Add color to all the icons in your collection.6 of 9
Enter the edit mode by clicking the pencil icon to edit the name and color of each icon separately.7 of 9
Have you finished with this collection? Delete it and create a new one here.8 of 9
And that is all, if you have any question you can contact our support team here.
9 of 9
Thank you for using Flaticon, we hope you enjoy our service
+2,137,500 million
Premium icons
Unlimited
downloads
Browse
with no ads
No attribution
required
Any more questions? Read the FAQs