Fantasy Football. Done Right.
Fleaflicker is a no-nonsense fantasy sports platform that's fast, easy, powerful and free. This is the fantasy site you've been searching for.
Infinitely Customizable
With options like taxi squads, blind bid waivers, and diverse scoring categories, we've got you covered.
1-Click Import
Import your ESPN league with a single click—we'll copy your settings, rosters, and league history. Or use our comprehensive commissioner tools to import your league from any other platform.
Modern Apps
Use Fleaflicker in your web browser, along with new & redesigned Android and iOS apps.
Year-Round Access
Perfect for leagues that play beyond the regular season. We're never closed for maintenance.
Blockbuster Trades
Trade draft picks up to 3 years in advance, make multi-team trade offers, and even trade during the draft.
Rock Solid Since 2005
Trusted by thousands of leagues for 15 seasons. Used Fleaflicker in the past but moved on? Heard of it, but never signed up? Today's Fleaflicker will surprise you! Modern apps, a clean web interface, and all the customizations you need.
Full commissioner control
Built for Commissioners
With 136 scoring rules to choose from, Fleaflicker can support any league. (Yards After Catch, Yards After Contact, Tackles for Loss, Blitzes, Three and Outs, and many more)
You're in Good Company
Leagues of every size, shape and kind have already made Fleaflicker their home. Read everything they have to say.
Flexible options, an easy-to-use interface, and an active support team keep me here instead of the other big-name websites.
Best fantasy sports site to use. Super easy, user-friendly, really natural. It's awesome.
As soon as we made the switch to Fleaflicker, our jobs were greatly simplified.
Last year was my first year as a commissioner on Fleaflicker and the customization was second to none. Way better than ESPN, NFL or Yahoo.
Fleaflicker is honestly the best fantasy site out there. Puts Yahoo and ESPN to shame. The addition of new stat categories and taxi squads this year have been awesome!
Fleaflicker is a better fantasy sports site.
Just a Few of Our Features
Fast Live Scoring
Up-to-the-second live stats and news so you can follow every play as it happens.
App & Web Access
Works with any browser, along with Android and iOS apps.
Year Round Access
There is no offseason. All leagues are granted unlimited access any time of year—ideal for dynasty and keeper formats.
Infinitely Customizable
Fleaflicker has everything you need for simple redraft leagues, complex dynasty leagues, and everything in between.
Email drafts
E-mail drafts let you draft at your convenience. No owner should be at the mercy of the auto-draft.
Every Sport
Whether you love football, baseball, basketball or hockey, we've got leagues for you.
Blockbuster Trades
Make multi-team blockbuster trades involving players, future draft picks, or both.
Flexible League Sizes
Fleaflicker can accomodate league sizes from 4 to 24, including odd-sized leagues.
League Import Capability
Import your ESPN league with just 1 click or use our roster tool to easily switch from other sites.
Taxi Squads
Add a "practice squad" to the roster that is totally separate from the Injured Reserve.
Keepers
The essential ingredient every dynasty needs! Set up to 40 keepers per team.
Customer Support
Get timely email support that is both personal and helpful throughout the season.
Add-Ons
Gain the EDGE
Get the most out of Fleaflicker with the best research tools available.
Trusted Sources
Access to extra analysis provided by top fantasy sources like FantasyPros and RotoWire.
No Ads
Upgrade to Ad-Free and you'll never have to wait for an ad.