How To Master The Art & Science Of Digital Lead Generation
Business Owner? PPC Entrepreneur? Facebook Advertiser? Agency Owner?
About Us
Flexxable is the training division of FlexxDigital Ltd, a specialist lead generation agency with offices in the UK, Canada and Sri Lanka.
At FlexxDigital, we specialise in delivering web leads to large B2C companies in the financial services sector. Over the years we’ve spent millions on paid advertising, generating well over $50 million in revenue for our clients.
However, as our business goes from strength to strength, we’re attracting lots of new customers. Demand has outstripped supply, and we are unable to service every industry that requires leads.
To combat this, Dan Wardrope, FlexxDigital’s founder and director, has made the decision to create an education hub. This new focus has been specifically designed to help:
Generate Leads Like A Boss
How Can We Help You?
2. And business owners who wish to develop an in-house marketing team and flood their business with high-quality leads.
1. Budding entrepreneurs who want to create a lead generation agency similar to FlexxDigital.
Copyright © 2019 Flexx Investments Ltd
What People Have Said About Us
"Dan Wardrope joined my first ever AgencySavvy programme, one of just ten brave entrepreneurs that didn't quite know what they were getting into. A large part of that programme is centered on goal-setting & mindset. Maybe it's a coincidence, but since then, I've have witnessed Dan's phenomenal transformation. Just two years ago he was struggling to make ends meet, stressed & on an emotional rollercoaster. Now it's a very different story.
He's rejected the traditional agency model & built something new, totally defined by why, how & what he wants. And the results speak for themselves. Dan is a breath of fresh air for the industry & if he's teaching, I highly recommend you listen carefully."
MIKE RHODES
CEO | WebSavvy
"We have been working with Dan and his business FlexxDigital over the past 11 months. As of today, 25 April 2018 1:50am, Dan has been able to generate over 238,000 leads using our flagship lead generation platform LeadsHook in 11 months in some of the most competitive niches.
Dan is releasing a new course on lead generation at scale, which is unique because it is difficult to make it look this easy and predictable."
NIK THAKORLAL
Founder | LeadsHook
KEITH KRANCE
CEO | Dominate Web Media
"Dan Wardrope has rare abilities when it comes to lead generation. He has flipped the traditional agency retainer model in favor of a significantly more effective model for both his agency and his clients. Since Dan is one of a small group of high performers in my SilverCircle programme, I have had a front-row seat watching Flexxable grow rapidly under his acute leadership. What makes Dan unique is his clear vision of how things can be done differently. His fearless pursuit of unconventional and innovative approaches has resulted in a massive success."
JAMES
Founder | SuperFastBusiness
SCHRAMKO
PEERS
"I’ve been running marketing campaigns online for nearly two decades and still learnt loads with Flexxable’s training. Dan’s course is well thought through, insightful, engaging and particularly good in the soft skill areas which was a bonus surprise. Behind the scenes the is substance to the claims made, this is the real deal. The knowledge in this course would literally cost tens of thousands and years to get up to speed from scratch.
Like any training, you’ll need to put the work in to get the results, but the blueprint is there, everything from gaining clients to copyrighting and making the campaigns to work. I’m always wary of any coaching or training sold via social or online, so was pleasantly surprised to find such a great course. Post sale Dan has kept his promises. Thank you Dan and the Flexxable team for sharing, my investment in your training is definitely paying off."
TIM O'SHEA
Consultant | Credo Capital
"I have been running a Facebook Ads agency for 2 and half years, I've always found it a struggle convincing cold clients to take us on the monthly retainer model. Not only that but if you are good at what you do the retainer model doesn't pay you your worth. After doing Flexxables course not only has it helped me with the understanding of the customer psychology taking them from cold to hot leads but also changed my mindset on the closing clients from the retainer to selling leads for an upfront fee. It's just become a straight up no BS pitch. It is literally crazy how much money you can make from selling leads as suppose to the retainer model. For example, a company have previously taken a £3k retainer before previously taking Flexxable course I can now make a 10x profit in some case's selling leads to clients and doing no extra work and clients are willing to take as many leads as you can throw at them."
CRAIG BRAMALL
Director | DigitalEscalate
DAN WILKINSON
Director | AdSmart
"There's loads of little hidden gems all the way through. I'm absolutely blown away by the content."
"I just wanted to share some good news. We landed a huge client just a couple weeks after starting the program.
This client is prepared to scale to hundreds of leads per day, if we can get them results after our trial, and could easily be worth $1,000/day or more in profit. (And I'm pretty optimistic we'll be able to get them results thanks to this program).
Thank you Dan and the rest of the Flexxable team for creating this great program!"
MATTHEW TENNEY
Chief People Officer | The Generous Group
MATTHEW
TENNEY
STUDENTS
"I used to value myself based on the knowledge I could share and the problems we solved. I always knew something was wrong though. Thanks Dan Wardrope. Seriously. Things are changing in a machine that hasn't changed much in 20 years."
JOEL ECKMAN
Owner | Globalsites
"Since implementing new ads (the way Dan is teaching) and sending traffic to an advertorial and then a landing page my lead costs have dropped dramatically! I am now generating leads at an average cost of around R25.00 per lead. My profit margin is through the roof. The quality of the leads have also improved. Super happy right now as this market is a very difficult one to operate in and getting leads that cheap is almost unheard of."
LEROY WILLIAMS
Owner | Advantage Digital Marketing
"Dan and his team at Flexxable have put together a brilliant and comprehensive course for those wanting to flip the script on running a Facebook Ads Agency. The course is very insightful, but broken down into manageable modules and Dan's teaching style is friendly and easy to understand. Best of all is that Dan and the team are always on hand within the Flexxable Mastermind Group and genuinely care about the success of their students. The only con with Dan's course is that it may not suit complete beginners, there is assumption that you have some experience with Facebook Ads. Well worth the money, and I know of courses charging 5 times more for much less!"
ROBERT DORAN
Director | Edge Advance
DAN MOREL
Owner | Top Rated Marketing
"I was very nervous when I first started, I'm still nervous now 'cause it seems too good to be true."
SNEHA VERMA
Director | QueenBee
"This course is so different to anything I've looked at, researched or even done myself. It just makes sense."
ANNMARIE BAYLAN
Manager | Bang On Leads
"We've had really strong feedback from clients on quality of the leads. Dan's course has been really helpful with that."
WINSTON BROMLEY
Owner | Marketing Refuel
"The support is probably the best part of the whole training. And the training is phenomenal just by itself."
NICK KREMER
Owner | Driven Leads
"Dan and Flexxable really know what they're doing, it shows. They care about the people in the program."
GARETH FORWARD-DICKENS
"What can I say? Dan's the man and he really knows his stuff."
Managing Director | Str84ward Digital
"Dan Wardrope and his team at FlexxDigital are the best lead generation I have ever worked with. Their quality of leads and ability to deliver volume is second to none."
TOM O'CONNOR
Director | Octax Limited
“What can I say about Dan and his team at FlexxDigital? They have a great reputation for generating the best quality leads in the industry. Not only great quality, but predictable volumes. Highly recommended.”
MARK ROBERTS
Director | Basik Money
CLIENTS
OUR TEAM
Dan
Director
Operations Director
Gavin
Tom
Director, Canada
Director, Asia
Jeevan
PPC Accounts Manager
Graham
Executive Assistant
Sarah
Alan
Graphic & Web Design Manager
Account Manager
Achintha
Copywriter
Polly
Videographer
Rob
Virtual Assistant
Razel
Videographer
Ariana
Sales Director
Scott
Senior Programmer
Arnold