With FlexiHub you can use any device in real time – no matter if it is connected to the computer in the next room, is at home while you are at the office or even overseas. Different computers with attached shared USB and serial devices appear as nodes which can be accessed remotely right away.
FlexiHub lets you manage virtual USB devices remotely — connect to them and then disconnect without your physical presence at the distant site. What is more, with the new "Keep connection active" option you do not have to worry about your work being interrupted or data being damaged in case the Internet connection is lost since the shared device will remain present on the remote machine and wait for the connection to be restored.
Now you have the ability to invite other FlexiHub account owners to connect to your devices. It relieves you of the need to share your account credentials with other people while also giving you fine-grained control over USB remote access to each of your devices.
You can block any USB or serial port device from sharing over TCP/IP network so that it cannot be used remotely with the help of FlexiHub. Locked devices will not be displayed on the remote node, so no one will be able to connect to it without your permission.
Maximize the efficiency of your business with FlexiHub’s custom product development options. Our technology experts are ready to help you figure out exactly what it will take to build a custom software tailored directly to the needs of your business and bring the solution to life.
Interact with comments and reactions via FlexiChat while sharing and accessing remote USB/COM devices. Starting now, FlexiHub subscribers have the advanced option to chat directly to other users logged into the same FlexiHub account. Available for Windows OS.
FlexiHub’s a unique USB over Ethernet software that allows sharing USB and COM port devices over the Internet, making them available for use on remote machines. Now you can freely access a USB dongle plugged into your home PC while being in the office, or connect to any device which has been shared over the network with you.
FlexiHub deploys advanced security for communications — 2048-bit SSL encryption. It enables an extra layer of protection for data transfer, as well. Due to this maximum encryption security, you do not need to worry about your sensitive data when sharing USB over Wi-Fi and using serial port devices remotely.
Since FlexiHub can send traffic through its own USB Redirector Server, your computers do not necessarily require a public IP address. Though your local computer will not directly "see" the other computer with the USB or serial port device plugged into it, thanks to FlexiHub, you can still connect to this device remotely.
Traffic compression during data transfer helps speed up interaction with certain types of devices and reduces Internet traffic. This may be useful for those USB or serial port devices which transfer data in an uncompressed format or when you would like to use USB in remote desktop. You can choose between best speed and best size traffic compression, depending on your needs.