10+Templates
Fully Customize
Customize your HTML5 flipbooks with over 10 book templates and themes and get a professional flipbook with minimal configuration necessary. FlipHTML5 also supports Flip vertically or horizontally. Plus, enjoy full control to personalize any aspect of it.
Online Editor,
Add Multimedia to
Digital Publications
Add multimedia (video, link, audio, images) to the books with Online Editor, it does not require to install the desktop client.
Custom Domain,
Marketing Your
Branding
FlipHTML5 provides the option to have a custom domain for the book, which lets you have your own brand on your HTML5 books instead of FlipHTML5's.
Free Online Hosting &
Self-Hosting
FlipHTML5 offers users free online hosting service so that you can publish your books online even though you don't have a website. If you have your own server, you can also export the books to local computer and host the books on your own website.
Read and Work
Anywhere and Anytime
FlipHTML5 seeks to offer readers a seamless reading experience. Books created by FlipHTML5 work on all the modern web browsers and users can also manage the books on mobile which helps to process the book effectively and quickly.
Access Statistics
Know More Your Books
Get to know your book statistics including homepage visits, publications reads, bookcase views, bookcase share, book share and ect.
FlipHTML5 is a free Flip Book Maker designed to convert PDF, MS Office, OpenOffice and Images to HTML5 & jQuery based page flip eBook, making PDF files more interactive.Watch the video
Supports 17 languages for interface of Fliphtml5, they are: English, Japanese, French, German, Spanish, Italian, Portuguese, Czech, Simplified Chinese, Tranditional Chinese, Dutch, Russian, Arabic and Korean, Greek, Hebrew, Basque.Watch the video
Add animations, interactivity and rich web content – all in real-time and all without writing a single line of code. engaging customers with immersive digital experiences.Watch the video
The FlipHTML5 intelligent platform uses the leading cloud platform ( FlipHTML5 Cloud ) for delivering secure, high-performing user experiences to any device, anywhere. It reaches globally and delivers locally. It provides our customers with unmatched reliability and security.Watch the video
FlipHTML5 is a powerful html5 flipbook software which enables users to build an Android App for publishing your publications into Android devices. This means your readers are able to read these publications you create on Android smartphones and tablets without internet connection.Watch the video
Create multiple SEO profiles. Customize keywords, page titles to ensure maximum search engine visibility; Extract the text of the PDF and publish it as Text version so your content can be easily searched by Google.Watch the video
FlipHTML5's Annotation allow you to add comments, corrections, signatures, highlighting, even photos, designs and drawings to flipbook. The annotation will be saved on reader's computer. It can be read, moved, edited ordeleted easily.Watch the video
Offline publications can be used as a part of your press kit, promo production, or corporate gift. FlipHTML5 allows to start your publication automatically after inserting a СD/DVD or plugging a USB-drive in the computer.Watch the video
New E-Commerce feature provides an easy solution for you to sell your self-published flipbooks on FlipHTML5. You can set price, currency, previewable pages, etc. The earnings of the sales will be paid to the PayPal account you specify. Only logged-in FlipHTML5 users who pay the amount can view the whole book.Watch the video
"FlipHTML5 will be one of the most popular publishing platforms in the future. I have never imagined the HTML5 publishing technology can be so powerful! However, the FlipHTML5 team achieves it. Choose FlipHTML5, meet the bloom of the mobile internet!"
"If you are still worried about how to manage your online marketing, I strongly recommended FlipHTML5 for you! Use FlipHTML5 to make multi media digital brochure for branding and promotion without any coding and programmer!"
"FlipHTML5 is very powerful than what I expect. I am a master of website. It helps me to present all our PDF documents with realist flip animation effect on our website. People can read the book directly now, without download PDF. They all like it!"
"Hi, I am a car salesperson. And FlipHTML5 is a brilliant and very useful tool especially the concept of converting Office to flip books. My customers just like the way to show the car. And then my client can check the parameters and color just with clicking several buttons on PC or mobile devices."
E-Marketing Manager
I need to do a lot of presentations to my customers for Business, and I am always hoping to find a way to present my document better than the PDF. The HTML5 flipping solution provided by FlipHTML5 is more than I expected, I needn't to worry about the problem of compatibility any more.
Webmaster
I am always looking for a better solution to present my digital magazine to the readers of my website. The HTML5 flipping solution helps me create interactive digital magazines for all platforms easily. Thanks a lot!
Web Designer
I earn a living by web design, so I am a web designer. However, absolutely love this program! Does exactly what is says and to be honest. Embed function of FlipHTML5 is really helpful for me to highlight key content on the top of website. It can embed video, photos, music and change backgrounds from colors to pictures.
We value your privacy and protect your financial and personal data with full encryption and advanced fraud protection.
Our software is free of any forms of malware or virus. It is safe to install and run.
Knowledgeable representatives available to assist you through email within 1 business day.
Upload PDF and convert it to online digital book.
Try FlipHTML5 free and experience increased efficiency and productivityDownload For Windows Download For Mac