Check out our NEW products!
WHAT PEOPLE ARE SAYING ABOUT US
One of my third year students recently finished reading Vida y Muerte. When I pointed out the new novella (Guerra Sucia), he grabbed it, no questions asked. The ending for Guerra Sucia is spectacular. It cuts right to your heart. It is PERFECT and quite daring of you, I think. Anyway, I’m totally enjoying La hija del sastre and think it is a great read. Wow!
Diane M. Volzer, Spanish Teacher, Christian Heritage School
I absolutely love Esperanza. My colleagues and I are fighting over who gets to use it. Thanks for a fabulous novel…it’s a good problem to have when we all think it’s so good that we all want to use it.
Jane VanderBeek, Spanish Teacher, Holland Christian School
Los Piratas del Caribe & El Triangulo de las Bermudas is EXCELLENT. A compelling story, with surprises and drama, all told with a limited vocabulary. I’m eager to read the sequel.
Dr. Stephen Krashen, Professor Emeritus, USC
The teacher materials are GODSENDS!!!! EVERYONE loves them: they actually help the kids to LEARN LANGUAGE and are not busy work. The cultural notes are fascinating, the quizzes are easy to use or modify.
Jeanne McCollum, Head of FL, Oaks Christian High School
These books are great! So interesting and fun!
Audra Budd, Spanish Teacher, Oaks Christian HS
My students devour these novels! They become fodder for lengthy target-language class discussions and countless laughs.
Tim Fornier, Spanish Teacher, Grand Rapids, MI
Engaging from the first paragraphs, easy to understand, fun to read and discuss, appealing to the students, these stories help retain vocabulary and acquire grammar naturally. The students just couldn’t get enough of them!
Katya Paukova, Assistant Professor, OPI Tester, Defense Language Institute
I love “El Nuevo Houdini” because it’s very relevant to teenagers and they think it’s hilarious!
Chelsea Schleifer, Spanish Teacher Oaks High School Christian
I am constantly amazed at how TPRS authors can write such interesting books using such a limited vocabulary. Felipe Alou is a good example. GOOD book!
Dr. Stephen Krashen, Professor Emeritus, USC
Office Hours : Monday – Friday, 7:00 a.m. – 4:00 p.m. AZ time
800-877-4738