Welcome to Fly Away Simulation. We cover many aspects of flight simulation on this website including the popular series released by Microsoft: Microsoft Flight, Flight Simulator X (including Steam Edition), FS2004 and of course X-Plane by Laminar Research.
Getting Started
Before you are able to become a virtual aviator, you need a package for your PC or Mac. We feature some great free flight simulator packages that users may download including X-Plane, FlightGear, and Orbiter. However, for a true simulation experience with maximum features and expansion options, we currently recommend Microsoft Flight Simulator X: Steam Edition or X-Plane (the latest is version 11) from Laminar Research; both can be purchased from our store, SimShack with worldwide delivery.
Before you can enjoy virtual aviation, you will need to get yourself a flight sim package. There are many out there, but currently the best and most expandable are Microsoft Flight Simulator X or X-Plane. If you are reading this, it's likely you are already set up for simmin'!
Microsoft Flight Simulator X: Steam Edition
Microsoft's flight simulation packages have always been the most popular, and not by chance. They feature complete world scenery and many stunning aircraft out of the box. Microsoft FSX is the latest of their simulation series that offers "full world" simulation with a complete experience. This differs from the newer 2012 "Microsoft Flight" game, as this is not a complete package out of the box; it's more of a quick, fun game with no third-party add-on support - so for those who want the full experience, we recommend FSX.
The most recent version is the Steam Edition re-released by Dovetail Games. You can read our review of the Steam Edition here. While it's slightly dated (and not up to date in terms of bug fixes and features), you can also download the original FSX demo from our file library here.
X-Plane 11
X-Plane has always been the professional's choice, it features many advanced functions and ultimate realism. Just released is X-Plane version 11, which is quite possibly the ultimate and most complete package available. X-Plane runs on Windows, Mac and even Linux, so you don't have to worry about what operating system you run.
Out of the box, over 20 aircraft are included and highly detailed world scenery with thousands of airports and airfields. You can read our review here and of course, download a demo from our file library here.
Joining the website and interacting socially
You may use the entire website without registering. You can comment, post in the forum and of course download any of the thousands of files we have available here. However, a speed limit is applied to file downloads if you are not registered for a PRO account. A PRO account gives you uncapped speed along with many other great features. For more information, click here.