Five magazines on how they drive year-round value from annual rankings.
David Haskell on the Vox sale, succeeding Adam Moss and prioritizing journalism in a time of...
Retailers are recognizing the value of context, but challenges remain.
By Steve Smith
While the platform may befuddle some (older) users, it’s meteoric rise should not go unnoticed.
But another bad year for magazines doesn’t mean the end of print altogether.
By Bob Garfield
Instead of being something they’re not, magazines should remember what they have: vertical audiences, trust and most of all, talent.
Our annual fall weigh-in reveals flat and falling numbers.
For more than 25 years, the Eddie & Ozzie Awards have recognized excellence in uncompromising journalism and gorgeous design across all sectors of the publishing industry—and 2019 is no different! On October 30, 2019, 300+ media executives will gather at The Hilton Midtown in New York City to see who will take home gold across 33 categories.
The annual list recognizes the top innovators, entrepreneurial thinkers and up-and-comers in Publishing for the tangible impact they’ve had in moving our ever-changing Industry forward. Honorees will be celebrated at The Folio: Show on October 31 from 12-2:30 pm at the Hilton Midtown, NYC.
100+ women from across the industry who have stood out, taken risks, and pushed their teams to new heights.
The 2019 class of finalists truly represent the best of the best in the digital space—each winner, honorable mention and special award recipient has pushed the boundaries of digital content, product development and audience engagement. Join us as we celebrate your peers from Meredith Corporation, AARP, Dotdash, SourceMedia, ESPN, and many more.
The scores are in, look who took home gold in magazine media’s most prestigious recognition program—including the 2018 Magazine of the Year Winner!
Harvard Biz Review’s Sarah McConville and AARP’s Myrna Blyth took home top honors at the 6th annual event.
In addition to 20 awards honoring online excellence, four leaders were inducted into the Digital Hall of Fame.
The Folio: 100 recognizes individuals for the tangible impact they’ve had in their jobs, on their companies and brands, or on the magazine media industry at large.