Opinion | There Are Many Gains to Be Had from Reducing Food Losses
“FAO’s close review of what we know about food loss offers a reminder that there is no one-size-fits-all solution,” says Máximo Torero.
Florida’s Food Policy Council: Building a Platform to Drive Change
The FLFPC board members give Food Tank insight into the accomplishments achieved and unique challenges that the FLFPC has faced in the last few years.
14 Women Changing Food Around the World
From empowering smallholder farmers in the developing world, to building food as medicine into the medical system, to re-imagining a more accessible and sustainable grocery store, these women are changing the way we eat around the world. Here are their stories.
A Next-Gen Food and Ag Accelerator Launches for Young Entrepreneurs
In tandem with its annual competition, Thought For Food is launching its Digital Labs, a digital accelerator designed for young food and agriculture entrepreneurs. Participants will have access to mentorship, resources, and a global network.
Trees That Feed Foundation Expands Programs to 17 Countries
Trees that Feed is providing breadfruit trees in 17 countries to create entire supply chains that help communities combat food insecurity, generate new forms of income, and develop self-sufficiency.
Announcing Our NYC Summit Agenda—Help Us Spread the Word and Tune in Online!
Food Tank’s largest Summit ever has an all-star speaker list featuring Sam Kass, Haile Thomas, Mark Bittman, Jim Perdue, Tom Colicchio, and more.
Meet the Chef Leading Australia’s Sustainable Seafood Scene
Creating a sustainable food system that contains fish is possible, but requires us to look beyond the fillet. Chef Josh Niland from the Australian restaurant Saint Peter talks about how it can be done.
A New Pathway to Citizenship for Undocumented Farmworkers
The Agricultural Worker Program Act could help to bring stability to farmworkers, their communities, their agricultural employers, and our food system as a whole.
Chefs Uniting to End Waste and Hunger
Keeping gourmet meals from going into the trash not only feeds those in need, it can also improve environmental outcomes and help California reach its waste diversion goal by 2020.