Forex Signals
‘Watch, learn & profit together’
99% of traders fail. Meanwhile, we're in the top 1%
Learn from the best inside our Live Forex Trading Room. Live Streams, Forex Signals, Video Courses, Chat and much more.Learn moreYes, join the 1%
Meet your new forex trading coaches
Over 50 years combined forex trading experience
Our traders work across every session and teach you their forex trading strategies live in the market.
Andrew Lockwood
Online
Andrew is a former pit trader form the London City who has successfully adapted to the world of online forex trading over the past 30 years.
Mark Bennell
Online
Mark is a Certified Financial Technician (CFTe) with over 15 years professional trading experience. His strengths lie in creating logical detailed trading plans that are followed with precise execution.
Max Norbury
Online
Max is a diligent and pro-active individual with a wealth of experience in technical and fundamental analysis, high-probability trading and mentoring within the financial markets.
We'll turn you into a winner
It's time you turn your forex trading around.
Learn exactly how we do it
- Pro Trading Academy - hours of detailed trading lessons
- Access to profitable forex trading strategies
Learn from hours of exclusive educational videos, available only to members inside our Pro Trading Academy. We'll teach you everything you need to become a profitable trader, including our proprietary strategies!
We trade what we teach
- Several live streams each day
- See exactly how we trade what we teach
We stream live across every trading session covering every technical and fundamental forex move in detail as it happens.
Follow our forex trading signals
- Clear entry and exit trade plans
- Interactive forex trade ideas
Our team of professionals regularly publish easy to interpret forex signals for you to follow.
Use our professional forex tools
- Expert advisors (EA) for MetaTrader 4
- Exclusive indicators available only to members
Our tools were developed by our forex trading team to optimise their own entries and exits. Now you can use them for yourself to give you an edge in the forex market.
Risk Manager EA
Trade Efficiently
Risk Manager EA will change how you manage your risk forever.
Naked Trading EA
Easy Daily Strategy
Scan multiple markets for Naked Trading opportunities.
Momentum Indicator
Identify Strong Currencies
See which currency you should be buying and which currency you should be selling.
The Profitable Forex Strategies You'll Learn
“We'll trade these live with you, everyday!”
Naked Trading Strategy
You don't always need indicators to make money from the forex markets. Naked Trading is about interpreting clean charts and price action found at key support and resistance levels.
FX Propulsion Strategy™
A proprietary forex trading strategy developed in-house and executed profitable for the past 12 years. This intraday approach uses indicators to highlight bullish and bearish markets.
Trend Surfing Strategy
Here we capture BIG forex market movements as currency pairs trend. We cut losses quickly and let winners run giving us a extremely favourable risk:reward ratio. Every successful forex trader must have a trend following strategy in their toolbox.
But that's not all...
There's so much to sink your teeth into!
Daily Live Streams
Follow our team of successful forex traders in real time across every session. Ask any forex market related question you want and have it answered almost instantly!
$1,500 Giveaway
We pay it forward! Each month we reward members with $1,500 in cash. Be sure to tune in during the NFP announcement to be in with a chance at winning.
Live Messaging
Discuss trading and markets with community members throughout the day. Our members range in experience from complete newbies to full time professionals.
Global News
Receive access to breaking market news directly inside the Trading Room through our exclusive Twitter feed.
A Trading Room Like No Other
Cross-Platform Friendly. Unrivalled Technology and Learning.
Latest Trading Idea
AUDUSD SELL. Entry 0.683. Join Trading Room to see the chart, trade description and TP/SL levels.
Make a full-time or passive income from Forex Trading now.
We're here to help you trade the Forex Markets profitably. Join us now and fast track to Professional Trading.
7 day free trial then $97/month thereafter
Use Promo Code ‘DAYTRADER’ to get 10% recurring discount.
Limited Time