Be the first to know about deals and opportunities
As you know, perfect timing – not just "location, location, location" – is critical when it comes to purchasing a new home and/or investment property at the right (lowest possible) price. That's because competition drives prices up. At Foreclosure.com, we target low-priced distressed deals – bank-owned homes, government foreclosures (Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, HUD, etc.) preforeclosure listings, real estate owned (REO) properties and foreclosure auctions, among others – and pass them (and huge savings) onto smart homebuyers (that's you!).
And that search can be performed at the state, county and city levels – even the exact address and/or zip code – so that your house hunt hits the ground running. Once you start digging into the incredible foreclosure deals, each listing will be complete with asking price, exact location, number of beds / baths, property type (single-family foreclosure, etc.), available photos, tax roll information, helpful neighborhood / school district details and so much more. Indeed, we provide as much information as possible so that you can make the most informed decision possible.
Not weekly or monthly like other sites out there. This ensures that we offer prospective homebuyers and investors with the freshest, hottest deals on the Internet. In fact, most of our information comes direct from hundreds of corporate sellers and multiple government agencies so that you can score the deal of a lifetime – in some cases foreclosed homes for less than $60,000! Find cheap homes under $60,000. Whether your looking for a single-family home, condo, townhouse, or even searching for mobile homes near you, Foreclosure.com keeps the most up-to-date listings of all property types. The best part about searching Foreclosure.com is that we make the experience so simple that anyone can do it. And if you run into a problem or have questions that aren't covered in our "Frequently Asked Questions" section, we have a dedicated support staff of actual humans (not an endless maze of automated questions) who are knowledgeable and eager to help you achieve your American Dream of affordable homeownership. Call us today ... or any day!