Shop Our Collections
Recent Blog Posts (View Blog)
Just in time for Halloween...
We recently received a large shipment, of unique, polished crystal skulls. These beautiful, decorative pieces have been hand-carved from a variety of stones including quartz, tiger's eye, amethyst, unakite, labradorite, dragons blood jasper and much more. The sizes range from about 2" all the way up to some life size ones. The carving work is exceptional and many of them are very realistic looking.
Come join us July 19th-21st for Bones & Brews outside of our new warehouse location in Monroe, Washington. Being an online business, we are not normally open to the public. This event will give people a chance to see (and purchase) in person our amazing fossil and mineral specimens in person. See incredible dinosaur fossils, massive Megalodon teeth and spectacular crystals. We will be partnering with our local Dreadnought Brewery who will have a beer garden and food available for purchase. This is a family friendly event and we will have activities for kids like a fossil dig. View details and let us know if you are coming.
FossilEra is the largest online retailer of authentic fossil and mineral specimens. We have a very diverse client base spanning the range of collectors, educational institutions, museums and people just looking for a unique gift. We pride ourselves in not only providing an unparalleled product, but an exceptional customer experience.
We are growing rapidly and currently hiring for several positions listed below. We are always looking for talented, hard working individuals with a passion to fossils and minerals.
View Current Job Openings
Trilobites are an extinct marine animal that dominated Earth's oceans for 270 million years long before the first dinosaurs. There were over 25k known types some of them with very ornate shells covered in spines. This huge variety and their alien looking appearance makes them very appealing to collectors. We have a huge variety of trilobite fossils for sale ranging from inexpensive, common species to amazing museum quality specimens and everything in between. Buy fossils from us knowing you are getting authentic specimens, at the best value.
The Megalodon was a massive prehistoric shark that grew to lengths of up to 60 feet and went extinct 2.6 million years ago. It had giant teeth that could reach 7 inches in length (though only a handful have ever been found that large). For comparison the largest great white shark teeth did not reach 3 inches in length. Fossils of it's teeth can be found worldwide and are both impressive and terrifying. We have a wide selection of authentic Megalodon fossils for sale, starting around $10 which make great gifts, to collector quality teeth priced at $1,000+.
We have a wide selection of authentic dinosaur teeth for sale. Dinosaurs shed their teeth rapidly as they grew or they became worn and they were composed of a more solid material than bone so they tend to be much more common than complete bones. We have both affordable and premium examples of teeth from several different dinosaurs including Spinosaurus, Raptors, Triceratops, T-Rex, Edmontosaurus, as well as large prehistoric reptiles like Mosasaurus.
Fish have been around in the fossil record for over 500 million years and are one of the most diverse animals on our planet. Fossil fish are some of the most aesthetic and collectable fossils out there. FossilEra has a selection of beautiful fish fossils for sale from the Green River Formation of Wyoming as well as several other locations around the world. Not only do these fish make for beautiful displays but they are tremendously interesting from a scientific and historical perspective.