“Personally I am so impressed to Foursource platform since I have met here and getting its positive impact spontaneously. Optimistically can say it will be the most efficient and leading communicative chain for buyer and manufacturer.”
Welcome to the largest B2B market network
for the apparel industry
for the apparel industry
10,000s of garment factories and sourcing professionals
from all relevant countries and regions
from all relevant countries and regions
FOURSOURCE is the digital market network for the apparel industry.
Buyers and garment manufacturers gain global market transparency and build and manage their business relationships more efficiently.
Countries
Companies
Buyer volume
Pcs per month
Voices of the industry
Debabrata Das
Vhulta Knit Tex Ltd
Mostafiz Uddin
Founder and CEO of Bangladesh Apparel Exchange (BAE).
“The only sensible way forward for our industry is collaboration and partnership. Foursource is a great tool supporting transparency, trust and direct connection between manufacturers and buyers.”
Ates Cehreli
DN International
“I am sure that the platform will help Turkish textile a lot in Exporting goods, if it is used efficiently.”
Eser Yaratan Özkesim
Marketing & Sales
“Foursource is a very good B2B platform. It is easy to use and finding new contacts and buyer requests. We shipped our first order already and hoping to get new orders soon.”
Yusuf Sarki
Shareholder
“Foursource is not only a very thoughtful application, but also a technology wonder that aims to bring today’s standards to the next level. You can use foursource not only to find new customers, but also to get new informations and details about your active customers!”
Emrah Güven
Owner
“What makes Foursource attractive is that it is completely made for the Ready-made garment industry and always matches you with the right people. We shipped our first order via Foursource and looking forward to getting more.”
Veerle Vlemmix
Production & Sourcing
“I really can recommended Foursource! The platform is friendly in use, what makes it quick and easy to find new suppliers in whatever product-or target group you need. I already have been in contact with a lot of suppliers all over the world. Looking forward to find new longterm relationships!”
Florian Ehmes
Product Management
“We use Foursource to get in touch
with suppliers that comply to our requirements. On this purpose the search options are an excellent tool to find the best solution!”
Tobias Gröber
Director ISPO Group
“With FOURSOURCE we’ve gained an important cooperation partner to extend the ISPO digital services to the sourcing world and accelerate the supply chain in performance textiles.”
Fassil Taddesse
President of the Ethiopian Textile Association (ETGAMA)
“This sourcing platform is a great addition to our general sourcing activities. We are happy that FOURSOURCE came to Ethiopia and supports Ethiopian Manufactures.”
Susanne Paß
Managing Director DTB, Dialog Textil Bekleidung
“FOURSOURCE is an innovative way to crosslink relevant market players. By digitizing all needed information, it enables more transparency and efficiency during the sourcing process.”
Fabian Engelhorn
CEO, Engelhorn
“With FOURSOURCE we will be closer to our sourcing partners and better understand their capabilities.”
Dr. Oliver Pabst
CEO, Mammut Sports Group
“Foursource changes the way of apparel sourcing. It brings speed and more flexibility to find the right vendor”
Raja M. Shanmugham
President, Tirupur Exporters’ Association (India)
“With FOURSOURCE we aim to become the first fully digitized production region globally. It gives our members a powerful marketing and sales tool.”
Georg Kaiser
Member of the executive board procurement and logistics
“We are proud of our long-term partnerships with our manufacturers. With FOURSOURCE we will even improve our collaborations.”
Michael Hauf
Managing Partner, hachmeister + partner
“FOURSOURCE gives new, innovative options to brands and manufacturers to increase their efficiency.”
Angelika Schindler-Obenhaus
Vorstand KATAG AG
“FOURSOURCE is the interface to the manufacturer. Means more flexibility and efficiency. Innovation in apparel sourcing.”