+91 847 001 4747(9AM - 6PM)|tellus@fourseven.com|INTERNATIONAL SHIPPING
Rangoli Diya Charm
This Rangoli Diya Charm is hand-enameled in beautiful colours and celebrates the divine Diwali light to stay with you always.
Diwali is just around the corner and if you are looking for some unique Diwali gifts for family members which will be cherished long after the festival, then you are at the right place. Read More
Navratri is just on the doorstep and everybody is preparing to welcome Goddess Durga into their abode and celebrate the victory of good over evil. Therefore, we have come up with elegant Navratna jewellery, made in pure 92.5 sterling silver and genuine gemstones. Read More
Matching earrings to your outfit is great and will always be important. But did you know picking up correct earrings for yourself based on your face type is even more important? For that, the first step is that you need to have a good understanding of your face type. We have listed the different face shapes and the perfect earrings that complement each. Read More
On that one day a year where they get the spotlight, it isn’t always easy to find that perfect gift. From design silver Rakhis for brothers, sisters, bhabhis and kids to amazing gifts for your loveable sis’. Read More
Pamper yourself or buy for your close ones, Explore fourseven’s By the Beach collection and the vividness of the sea with this amazing collection of charms, pendants, necklaces and much more. Read More
The Spectrum: X symbol is universal. It is meant for anyone of any age from any society who feels that we are first and foremost human; and, as humans, we have a lot of common ground to share. Spectrum: X is the newest addition to our full Spectrum collection, which includes rings, charms, earrings and bracelets. Read More
Dressing up is an art, an expression of your personality, your mood, your interests and more.Therefore,we have curated a list of the most popular necklines and the perfect jewellery pairing with each so that you don’t need to go through heavy research to figure out what kind of jewellery pairs well with different necklines. Read More
At FOURSEVEN, we design, create and deliver beautiful, unique jewelry for women, men and children who love to celebrate positive energy and beauty in the world around them. We believe people are happiest when they are true to themselves and are proud of who they are. Our jewelry celebrates life, our culture and our passions. We are best known for our charms collection, which is a bit quirky and fun, but is also elegant and beautiful. Our charms and charm holders are made of pure 92.5 Sterling Silver.
We offer our creations to women, girls, boys and men as well. Our collection includes charms, charm bracelets, necklaces, rings and accessories which have been designed keeping in mind the varied tastes of people across the nation. All our jewelry is proudly handcrafted in India with love.
Women have always had a penchant for fashion jewelry. More than just a decorative item, it allows you to express your personality. There are days when you want to flaunt your style and there are days when you want to keep it basic and chic. We are women after all! We have different personas each day. With our aim of allowing you to express and celebrate your individuality, FOURSEVEN presents its collection of stunning women’s jewelry, set in 92.5 sterling silver. Our vast collection of fashionable rings for girls includes simple bands to trendy designs, adjustable rings and even ones studded with gemstones. In bracelets, we offer silver, bead, rudraksha and moli bracelets which can be your perfect wrist candy. Check out our wide range of unique charm bracelets online for girls or women. When it comes to the perfect pair of earrings for girls and women, you can choose from alluring hoops, danglers, baalis, posts, ear-cuffs and ear-crawlers. With necklaces that will make you the centre of attention at every event and silver anklets that add to the grace of your feet, our jewelry collection for women has everything you’re looking for and feel your best!
Just like women, men also love to experiment with their looks. Keeping this in mind, FOURSEVEN offers you to choose from a wide collection of statement pieces which include mens bracelets, earrings, cufflinks, necklaces, rings and brooches. These men’s jewelry items are made from pure sterling silver and can add a dash of style to your regular look! From ‘spiritual’ studs like om and svasti studs to the quirky ‘Lion’ and ‘Inner Devil’ stud, these sterling silver pieces are sure to make you want to up your style game. We offer a wide variety of rings, necklaces and charms which match all your style needs. The unique silver cufflinks for men which are handcrafted for the connoisseur. The authentic brooch for men which can make you the center of attraction wherever you plan to go, FOURSEVEN makes sure you are ready to rock each look of yours.
When it comes to fashion, the kids of this century are a step ahead of the adults. Keeping this in mind, we’ve taken special care in launching a kids jewelry collection which covers funky charms, bracelets, rings, jewelry sets and accessories which can be used for daily wear and even gifting on special occasions. Our charms can be added to a chain or bracelet of your choice to create the perfect accessory that enhances your kid’s look. We have jewelry items for both girls and boys.
Father’s Day is coming soon. It is the best time to confer him with wonderful gifts and honor him for his significant contributions in our lives. Fourseven brings forward Father's Day Gifts collection offering a wide array of gifts in the shape of silver jewelry. The collection comprises of different variety of products including rings, earrings, bracelets, cufflinks, brooches, etc. These gifts are meaningful and your dad will definitely love them. Send a gift card to your father writing down a special message for him. Father is the real superhero in our life who always fulfils our demands. Make him feel special by presenting him a wonderful gift and there is no better day than Father’s Day to do so. Explore our Father’s Day gifts collection and choose the best gift for him.
If you want to make him or her happy who is seated away from you on any occasion like birthday, anniversary or any festivals. The easiest way is to opt for our online jewelry delivery services where we have wide range of rings, earrings, chains, ear cuffs, studs, necklaces, anklets, cufflinks, brooches etc. items to delight your loved ones in a breath-taking manner. You can send your love not only in India but, FOURSEVEN is providing worldwide delivery in United States of America (USA), United Kingdom (UK), Australia, Germany, Singapore, Canada, Mexico, United Arab Emirates (UAE), Russia etc. So, continue celebrating your special festival by our jewelry online delivery.
Choose thoughtful gifts from FOURSEVEN that resonate with the other person. Nothing will brings greater joy than making a loved one happy. After all, “It is not how much we give, but how much love we put into giving.” – Mother Teresa.
You can explore FOURSEVEN’s collection online which has been designed to suit every individual’s taste. Our promise of giving you the best products remains the same.