You’ve come to the right place. Franchise Direct allows you to get in touch with many of the best franchises to open and buy in the United States and internationally with just a few clicks of your mouse.
Franchise Direct is the global leader for connecting potential franchisees with dream franchise opportunities. With over 20 years of experience, Franchise Direct offers an expansive directory of franchise businesses for sale, some of which are the most profitable franchises in the industry. Your budget isn’t an issue as we have options ranging from low cost franchises that suit people with less to spend all the way up to premium investment level franchise opportunities.
Using Our Website is Easy.
Simply search by industry, investment or location in the search bar menu links. You can also search by using the industry links on the top or left side of the page. Additionally, keyword search is available by clicking on the magnifying glass at the very top right of the page.
Each franchise for sale on our website gets a unique profile page, produced by our professional team of editors and covering the basics of their franchise operation. Each profile can include news, testimonials, success stories and videos, to give you an even more complete picture of the brands you might be interested in.
We don’t stop with the franchise profiles, either. We’re constantly developing additional resources, including:
As a potential franchisee, you will be guided towards making a more informed decision on how franchise advantages and disadvantages apply to you personally before you reach out to one or several franchisors.
When you find a franchise you want to speak with, simply fill out the short contact form by clicking on the yellow “Request Free Info” button. For your convenience, you can add up to 17 franchises to your request form. From there, your contact info is sent directly to the franchise, and they will be in contact with you typically in 3-5 business days, depending on their interest volume.
If you desire even more detailed information on franchise investment, check out or Franchise Information Center for vast amount of articles, blogs, reports, and more on the industry. In addition, our FDD Research Hub provides you with a wealth of information on franchise disclosure documents, including information on franchise fees, start-up costs, and much more.
With 15 international portals, Franchise Direct is the premier website network helping prospective franchisees and business owners like you find the right franchise in North America, Latin America, Europe, Africa, Asia and Australia.
Millions of people have found opening a franchise business to be professionally rewarding, allowing for them to become business owners with the proven systems, back-up, training and support of franchise networks that have been through the process before and can show you the way.
Find Your Future Today with Franchise Direct!
Receive FREE updates on the latest franchise opportunities!