Please click Add Extension on the dialog that Chrome opened to install FrankerFaceZ.
If Chrome didn't open a dialog, please click here to open the Chrome Web Store.
Problems installing? Try running the Chrome Cleanup Tool to fix issues with your browser and then try again.
Getting "Network Failed"? Try reinstalling Chrome as that's an indicator that your browser has become corrupted.
Please click Allow and Install on the dialogs that Firefox opens to install FrankerFaceZ.
Problems installing? Try right-clicking and saving this file and then opening it locally.
Still not working? You might have an issue with corrupt extension files. Follow these instructions and then try again.
(Note: Please be sure to remove any extensions that you downloaded from websites other than Firefox's Add-ons store before following those instructions. You can reinstall them after, but leaving them installed when you delete the extension data files may cause the extensions to become unusable.)
Your browser may be able to make use of a user script directly.
If your browser cannot use the script, you'll need to get an extension for dealing with user scripts such as Tampermonkey.
FrankerFaceZ does not currently have an extension built for Microsoft Edge. However, Tampermonkey does and it can be used to load the FFZ user script.
First, install Tampermonkey from the Windows Store if you don't already have it.
Once that's installed, please click here to add the user script to Tampermonkey.
Apple has decided to deprecate their previous extension model for Safari, in favor of what they're calling Safari App Extensions. We have decided as a result that it is infeasible to provide support for Safari going forward. Our user script will still function in Safari, but we will no longer be providing packaged extensions.
To use FrankerFaceZ with Safari, you'll need to install an extension capable of loading user scripts such as Tampermonkey.
Once you have an extension for user scripts, please click here to get the FrankerFaceZ user script.
Once FrankerFaceZ is installed, remember to refresh all your open Twitch tabs so that it will load.
Get custom emotes and tons of new features you'll never want to go without.
© 2017 Dan Salvato LLC - Contact - Developers - Terms