Get a taste of our service with the Chocolate free web hosting plan. It will allow you to easily create a professional looking site for FREE. Try our 1-Click Applications Installer and install Joomla, WordPress or many other free web applications with just a click.
In order to have a successful, popular website, it is very important that you choose a domain name, which is easy to remember. With Freehostia.com you can register a brand new domain or transfer an existing one.
Freehostia's load-balanced cluster platform has proven to be faster than the widespread one-server hosting platform solution. All of our web hosting plans are optimized to work with the most popular PHP web applications: Joomla, WordPress, PrestaShop, as well as with more than 50 other free applications offered by our in-house built 1-Click Web Applications Installer.
At Freehostia, we offer a variety of web hosting services, from free hosting accounts all the way to VPS and dedicated servers. Download the PDF to see our full web hosting portfolio:
... is located in Steadfast, Chicago, USA. It provides the physical environment necessary to keep the servers up and running round the clock. So no matter which part of the world you are located, your sites will be running flawlessly on our platform.
Testimonials
Freehostia offers a range of options and plans to meet the needs of ecommerce entrepreneurs and veteran developers alike. The company has flexible options aimed at first-time users who are unfamiliar with web hosting and site-building.
Freehostia offers free hosting plans that remove barriers to entry into online markets as well as low–cost upgrade options that allow businesses to scale. The company's load balancing cluster technology, fast and reliable servers, and a user-friendly control panel all contribute to positive customer experiences.
I have some free and some paid for Freehostia accounts and it never fails to amaze me how they can provide such good service and support for so little money. I would not hesitate in recommending Freehostia to anyone, don't be put off by the low price because the service and support is Top Dollar!
P. Morris
I just wanted to thank your support team for their excellent service this afternoon in helping me to recover from a problem by restoring an old copy of my site. The service was prompt, courteous and effective and has saved me from a lot of trouble, if the data had been lost. Great job!
D. Worton
You should teach some lessons on customer relations to other companies because your support is just great, Freehostia. Keep up the good work!