“Coconut Mobile Presets” INCLUDES: • 5 Lightroom Presets in .dng .xmp .lrtemplate formats • Presets compatible with Ligtroom Mobile • One click fully-automated Lightroom Presets • Fully adjustable Lightroom Presets • Fully compatible with JPG,…
Lightroom Presets are developed to enhance the beauty of your photos speed up your photo editing workflow. Features: 8 Presets Lightroom Phone Presets NEW! Photoshop .xmp Presets NEW! Works on RAW and JPEG images. Can…
1. 10 Lightroom (lrtemplate Lightroom File ) 2. 10 ACR Presets (XMP Photoshop File) 3. 10 Mobile Lightroom ( DNG Mobile files) 4. help Tex File.
Autumn Enhancer improves the colors in your landscape photos. The unique color science lets you shift foliage towards firey red or warm yellow. You’ll get 30 presets compatible with Lightroom mobile & desktop, and LUTs…
Spray Paint Photoshop Action 10 different effects! Just a few seconds and you’ll get creative artwork! Cool artistic effect for your text, logo etc. Spray painting, paint splashes, street art style. Make your cool lettering. New…
Vibrant Watercolor Effect is a Photoshop plug-in that converts your photo in realistic watercolor painting. Just run the action and watch your drawing come to life! All you need is Adobe Photoshop No additional programs…
Halloween 2019 Mobile & Desktop Lightroom Presets will add unique and bright tones to enhance your Halloween photographs just in few clicks! These presets work in a non-destructive way to achieve a high quality look. Each…
Lemonade Mobile & Desktop Lightroom Presets will add dramatic yellowish colors with warm and bright tones in your photographs within few clicks! These effects are carefully made to help beginners and professional photographers to achieve consistency,…
Artistic Duotone Effect is a Photoshop plug-in that converts your photo into oversaturated fluorescent style hues with some artistic touches. This highly appreciated style came straight from the 80’s and allows you to create very intense…
File Type: XMP Presets for Lightroom CC, Lightroom Classic CC, and Lightroom Mobile Download these Lightroom presets designed for wedding photography. The bundle includes 50 presets compatible with Lightroom mobile and desktop. You’ll also get…