Why Use the Calculators On this Website?
Don't you wish all sales presentations included a list of drawbacks, hidden costs, and less costly alternatives, so you could make wise financial decisions instantly?
Sorry, but since marketing experts are only interested in selling as much of their own products and services as they can legally get away with, I'm afraid their sales presentations will never give you anything more than exaggerated benefits to base your decisions on.
So Where Does That Leave You?
It leaves you to make your buying, spending, and investing decisions based on exaggerated benefits with little or no knowledge of the untold hidden costs, drawbacks, and less costly alternatives.
So if you've been making your financial decisions based solely on sales presentations, guess who's been benefiting the most from your decisions? Sellers!
What Can You Do About It?
Of course, you could take the time to meticulously research every single buying decision that comes up ... but who has time for that?!
A more practical solution is to find a trusted source (someone who does not have a vested interest in the outcome of your financial decisions) who exposes the exaggerated benefits for what they are, and who helps you to become fully aware of the hidden costs, drawbacks, and less costly alternatives.
My Financial Calculators Have Your Back
In addition to providing numerical answers to your financial questions, the financial calculators on this site also attempt to expose exaggerated benefits for what they are and alert you to the hidden costs, drawbacks, and less costly alternatives that marketing experts don't include in their sales presentations.
The goal of these calculators is not to portray corporate marketing experts as being evil (they are just doing their jobs), nor is the goal to get you to buy certain products and services while turning down others.
Instead, the goal is to make you fully aware of the opportunity costs your decisions will create -- before you make them -- so you can make decisions that will serve your best interests instead of those of the seller.
Why Did I Build This Site?
In short, I built this website to attach a meaningful purpose to my long-standing passion. Please allow me to explain.
My Passion
Building online calculators is my form of creative self-expression. I've been creating online calculators for websites since 1997, but it wasn't until September of 2010 that I chose to free myself from building calculators based on the specifications of others, and instead build them based on my own specifications and values.
My Meaningful Purpose
Helping others to maximize the emotional returns on the money they earn. Having been duped into following a path that led to a financial crash and burn myself (you can read my story here), and having watched numerous friends and loved ones be led over the same financial cliff, I've made it my life's mission to expose the exaggerated benefits and hidden costs of spending, buying, and owning that marketing experts have been using to lure unsuspecting consumers away from the path to genuine happiness, and onto the path that leads consumers to being trapped by debt in a job they hate.
The Magic Formula: VS + P + MP = GH
Back when I let sellers do all my thinking for me, I had allowed myself to believe that the key to genuine happiness (GH) was to have more money and more things. Little did I know at the time that chasing after more money and more things can only lead to unhappiness.
Why? Because chasing after money rarely leads anyone to having the financial freedom to work at what they love, for a cause they truly believe in. In fact, more often than not, chasing after more money leads to the exact opposite: being trapped by debt in a job you hate.
Lucky for me, I eventually hit a financial bottom hard enough to cause me to question what I had been taught and who had been doing the teaching.
After much self-reflection and soul searching I eventually discovered that the key to genuine happiness (GH) is to be of valuable service to others (VS), doing a work that you are passionate about (P), that serves a meaningful purpose (MP).
The most amazing thing I discovered is, if you solve for the VS, P, and MP variables in the Genuine Happiness equation -- the money tends to chase after you instead of the other way around.
Are You Trying To Solve a Flawed Formula?
If you're not being of valuable service to others, and you don't love your work, and your work is not attached to a meaningful purpose, then there's a good chance you're trying to solve an equation designed to serve the interests of the marketing experts who gave you the flawed formula in the first place.
If that's the case, then my goal is to help you to stop chasing after money and possessions and encourage you to discover and pursue a work that you love (well suited to your talents, genuine interests, personality traits, and personal values), and then to find a way to attach a meaningful purpose to that work.
To get you started on that path ...
Don't Miss These Life Changing Calculators
Regardless of how or why you happened upon this website, please don't leave before studying the eye-opening lessons on these three calculators. Once you fully grasp the concepts introduced in these calculators you should instantly begin making financial decisions that will generate more happiness for less money.
But Why the Non-Financial Calculators?
While the math, conversion, date, and weight-loss calculators don't directly serve my meaningful purpose, I am including these non-financial calculators for two reasons.
- Because no matter who visits this website, or what their interests are, everyone is making financial decisions every hour of every day. In other words, I include the non-financial calculators to expand the size of the audience I hope to serve.
- Because any time I run across a problem someone is trying to solve, I can't help but want to try to create an online calculator to help solve it. It's what I love to do!
What Else Makes My Calculators Unique?
Unlike other online calculator web sites, the calculators on this site ...
- are free to use, and don't require you to log-in or register!
- are created by one author, making them uniform and easier to use.
- don't require you to download and update special software.
- operate on a single page, no waiting for result pages to load!
- recalculate on the same page, no need to keep clicking the Back button.
- don't attempt to collect or store your personal information.
- are created with your best interests at heart.
Thank You!
Thank you for visiting my website. Your feedback is very important to me, so please contact me and let me how I'm doing and what I might do better to help you to maximize the emotional returns on the money you earn.