Freedom is the app and website blocker for Mac, Windows, Android, iOS, and Chrome, used by over 1,000,000 people to reclaim focus and productivity. Experience the freedom to do what matters most.
Social media, shopping, videos, games...these apps and websites are scientifically engineered to keep you hooked and coming back. The cost to your productivity, ability to focus, and general well-being can be staggering. Freedom gives you control. Freedom gives you control.
Start your free trial today!
If you need to focus on your work, break a habit, or simply improve your relationship with technology, Freedom can help. By blocking distracting websites and apps, you’ll be more focused and productive. You’ll develop healthier, more intentional digital habits, that give you control over your time and attention.
Whether you use Mac, Windows, Android, iOS, or Chrome, Freedom can sync blocks across all of your devices. Sit down to work knowing you're completely in control of distractions.
Start sessions on-the-fly or schedule your Freedom time in advance. Plan out sessions that recur daily or weekly. With Freedom, you'll make productivity a habit.
Freedom users report gaining an average of 2.5 hours of productive time each day. We're proud to have helped our users reclaim 10,000,000 hours in the past year. No wonder Freedom is used by people at the world's best companies and universities.
“I had to finish my PhD in difficult circumstances: a health condition gave me only a few hours a day of mental energy. Freedom was instrumental in carving out space, and helping me get on with my project.”
Amber Jane Davis, Political Scientist + PhD Coach
“My deadlines. Hundreds of illustrations for the game Munchkin, the comic strip Dork Tower, and much more. My first kids’ book was completed directly due to the extra hours Freedom gave me”
John Kovalic, Cartoonist + Illustrator, Creator of Dork Tower
“They say the secret to happiness is freedom...I have found the secret to freedom is to be disciplined. The Freedom app disciplines me when I don't have the human strength to do so, allowing me the freedom to focus on what really matters when my work is done.”
Maura Chanz, Actress, Artist, Entrepreneur, Founder of Tribe
Join over 1,000,000 people using Freedom to be more productive. You can get started for free, and cover all your devices for less than $2.50 a month.
Stop being distracted by your phone, tablet or computer - get Freedom.