Most people don't know it but it's very easy to get free stuff by mail. Whether you are looking for full size freebies by mail, samples or even high value coupons you can get a ton of stuff for free online. That's where we come in. We search the web every single day, Monday through Friday, 7 days a week, 365 days per year and deliver them to you in the most convenient way. In fact, we make it so easy for you to get free stuff that you will be kicking yourself for not visiting us sooner.
How to get free stuff from us?
As we said before, we post freebies daily. You can find them here on our site, on our Facebook and Twitter pages and we will even email them to you every day. This is all 100% free, we never ask you for a penny. We never ask you for any information what so ever.
Once you see an offer from us that you are interested, simply follow the simple steps that we lay out for you. 99% of the time, all you need to do is visit the company site and fill out an online form with your mailing info. No cost, no shipping, no noth'n!
Where does this free stuff come from?
It's important for you to understand that we don't actually ship you anything. We scour the web looking for companies offering up samples and freebies and then we forward that info to you. We are your freebie news with daily updates. Once we find a company with a legit sample, we post it. Then it's up to you to visit them and sign up for it for yourself. This is why we recommend that you follow us on social media, sign up for our mailing list and check our site regularly so you never miss any free samples by mail. Many of these offers go fast and you don't want to miss out.
So what are you waiting for, join us today and start getting free stuff by mail each and every day! Check out our latest freebies by mail with free shipping below:
This is a brand new freebie offer from Seventh Generation. Here is an offer from Generation Good, with Seventh Generation, where you can sign up, to receive a free Seventh Generation Baby Kit. To claim yours, create a free account with them and then sign in and scroll down to where it says “Receive a Product to Try” and fill out the form. …
Right now, you can score a free pair of Gold Plated Sterling Silver Rose Flower Stud Earrings. This offer includes the following: a pair of Gold Plated Sterling Silver Rose Flower Ear Studs, Hypoallergenic and Nickel Free Earrings. The winner will get a box with the freebie in it at the end of the giveaway. Those of you who are interested can get started …
This is a brand new freebie offer from Sebastian. Right now, you can score a free sample of their dark hair styling oil. This is offer can be found right on their site now. To claim this sample offer for yourself, all you need to do is visit their promo page using the link below and fill out the form with your mailing …
This is a brand new freebie offer from The Insiders. The Insiders have a brand new campaign for WaterWipes Baby Wipes and they’re looking for parents to participate. If you’re interested, visit them using the link posted for you below, create a free account with them and then apply for the offer. Keep in mind that this offer will take about 8 weeks …
This is a brand new freebie offer from the JR NBA. Get a free NBA Mousepad mailed to you when you create a free Jr. NBA account. Visit them via the link posted below and register as a parent or organization then enter your info (name, mailing address, etc) to sign up and get a free mousepad. Keep in mind that this offer …
This is a brand new freebie offer from Total Beauty and Sampler. Right now they are offering up free sample boxes with some of their most popular beauty items. This is live on their Sampler promo page which has been linked below for you. To claim your free box, just create a free account with them and fill out your profile. Keep in …
Would you like some free cutlery sleeve samples? If you said yes, you can take advantage of the sample pack offer being promoted by CuterlySleeves.com. Check out the order page we linked to below. Once you are there, just fill out your mailing information and they will ship out your sample pack ASAP. Keep in mind that this offer will take about 8 weeks …
This is a brand new freebie offer from Tito’s. Right now, they are hosting a holiday giveaway where they are offering up cool stuff like sweaters, hats, hoodies and scarves. This offer is only available to people who are at least 21 years old. Those interested can get started by visiting via the link posted below. Keep in mind that this offer will …
Right now, you can score a free Mermaid Daydream Bath Bomb with Surprise Jewelry. This offer includes the following: an extra large 10 ounce bath bomb with ring valued between $15 – $5,000 in each one. The winner will get a box with the freebie in it at the end of the giveaway. Those of you who are interested can get started by visiting …
Could you use a free Tide Simply Clean & Fresh Breeze 138oz Container? Well thanks to this new offer, you can get your hands on one of these great products for free. The offer is valid through November 5th at 11:59 PM or until they run out of stock. If this is something you would be interested in you can get yours by …
Other Ways You Can Score Freebies by Mail
So, we've basically covered that this site is great. We hunt for samples and freebies and post them here to make it very easy for you to request them. BUT what if you want more? What if you don't want to wait for us to find samples from you? Well, there are quite a few other ways you can request your own freebies.
Direct Contact - One of the most effective way of finding your own free samples is through direct contact. The main reason companies offer up samples in the first place is to try and obtain new customers. That's all well and good but what can you do to claim free samples from brands you already know and love? Simple, just make contact.
Make a list of all your favorite companies and brands and simply search for their websites. Once on their site, it will be easy to find a contact form or a phone number. Most people are too uncomfortable to call, but an email will suffice. Send them a short email explaining how much you love thier products and then ask them if there are any samples or coupons available. Though the site revolves around free samples by mail, never under estimate a good coupon.
Don't forget, you can contact us at any time to request that freebies by mail by added to our site. We are always looking for new offers to share with all of our fans. The best way to do this is either via email or Facebook. Hope you enjoy all the free samples by mail!
This site complies with GDPR laws. Visitors from the EU are not shown personalized ads. We do use cookies: Find out more.