Host conference calls with up to 1,000 callers on-demand. Setup is easy and the conference call service is always free!
Your information will not be sold or rented. We hate spam too.
Run a free conference call anytime and from anywhere for as many as 1,000 participants.
You can easily see what's happening during your conference call and manage callers live. Run question & answer sessions like a pro!
FreeConferenceCalling.com gives you on-demand conference calling, with 24/7 access to use anytime. You never need to notify us about your conference call; just arrange and begin when you want.
Get the Host Control Guide PDF 105kb
View Guide
Record your free conference call instantly with all participant interaction. Recordings are converted to MP3 format and archived in your account.
Have you been invited to listen to a recorded conference call?
Listen to A Recording
Host free conference calls on-demand with no reservations required. Our conference call service is always available.
Access call details and reports in your online dashboard to know who attended, your call length, and more.
Record your conference call for easy reference and playback via MP3. Listen, download, and podcast in minutes.
Manage your conference call via web browser for full transparency into who is speaking, muted, or asking a question.
Facilitate conference calls easily for 1,000 callers. Enjoy clear audio from reliable digital fiber-optic phone lines.
Attendees can dial into our free conference call service by regular phone, cell phone or popular VOIP services without issue.
Free Conference Calling provides a vital service for individuals, non-profits and businesses alike.Full Feature list
Traditional conference call services too pricey? Free Conference Calling gives you high-quality audio conferencing at no cost. It’s a basic long-distance call for everyone and the service is designed to scale from a few callers up to thousands with a lot of valuable features including:
Learn how to host a free conference call.
I just used your service for the first time and was delighted with it. It was clear, easy to use and everything ran smoothly. I'll highly recommend Free Conference Calling to people in the future.
Shira from Green Light Co.
Kudos to you guys! I want to share that as a newbie here, the user experience has been superb, the instructional videos and FAQ's are excellent and the sound quality of recordings is better than competitors.
Dan Kennedy, VocalAdvantage™ Productions
I am sold on Free Conference Calling for its use in both my 1:1 coaching sessions, as well as my group teleseminars. The conference calls are clear, the dashboard is intuitive, and the recordings are excellent!
Malcolm Dayton, FULLIVING™ Coaching
Join the thousands of companies using Free Conference Calling today.