Error message! ×
WIN UP TO $200 IN FREE BITCOINS EVERY HOUR!
Registered Users
Games Played
Bitcoins Won By Users
Try your luck every hour playing our simple game and you could win up to $200 in free bitcoins!
Multiply your bitcoins playing a simple HI-LO game that is designed to be provably fair by using a combination of math and cryptography. Win big HI-LO jackpot prizes up to 1 bitcoin every time you play.
Win big prizes with our weekly lottery for which you get free tickets every time you or someone referred by you plays the free bitcoin game.
Refer your friends after signing up, and get 50% of whatever they win in addition to getting free lottery tickets every time they play.
Bitcoin is an innovative payment network and a new kind of money. Bitcoin uses peer-to-peer technology to operate with no central authority or banks managing transactions and the issuing of bitcoins is carried out collectively by the network. Bitcoin is open-source; its design is public, nobody owns or controls Bitcoin and everyone can take part. Through many of its unique properties, Bitcoin allows exciting uses that could not be covered by any previous payment system.
© 2013 -, FreeBitco.in - All rights reserved.
If you had entered an email address during signup, please type it in below and a password reset link will be sent to you.
PLEASE ENTER CAPTCHA
If you are not receiving password reset emails from us, please add noreply@freebitco.in to your address book and then try again.
Please answer the questions below to pick the correct method for resetting your 2 factor authentication.
do you have the secret key?
Please abide by the following simple rules when using this website:
If you are found to be breaking any of the above rules or trying to gain an unfair advantage to abuse the service, your account will be deleted and your account balance forfeited.×
We may occasionally use your email address to send you website announcements regarding changes to our website, including improvements, and service or product changes that may affect our website.
Cookies are sometimes used to improve the website experience of a visitor to a website. We may sometimes use cookies on this website to record aggregate statistical information about the visitors to our site and the use that our visitors make of the website. When collected this information is used by us to improve our website and further enhance the visitor experience and, may be shared with advertisers. Pease note that no personally identifiable information is recorded. We may also use the cookies to gather information about your general internet use to further assist us in developing or website. Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer automatically. This cookie file is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive and then stored there and transferred to us where appropriate to help us to improve our website and the service that we provide to you. All computers have the ability to decline cookies. You can easily decline or remove cookies from your computer using the settings within the Internet Options section in your computer control panel. Our advertisers may also use cookies on their website. We have no control over this and you should review the privacy policy of any advertiser that you visit as a result of an advert or link on this website.
We may occasionally share your non-confidential data with third parties to provide you with relevant offers that we feel may be of interest to you. When we do, we shall ensure that the third party complies with all laws and regulations relating to the safe and fair storage and usage of the data that we provide to them.×
Allow us to send you $200 in free bitcoins every hour!
Allow us to send you $200 in free bitcoins every hour!