Make more calls, send targeted emails, and get in touch with your prospects, in just a click.
Surface your high potential leads - those who exhibit sales-ready buying signals and behaviors.
Dive deep into a prospect’s engagement level, get context, and plan your conversations.
Stay on your toes with real-time alerts on email opens, link clicks and more.
Easily track the progress of your deals. Add tasks, set up meetings, send mails and make calls from the deal card.
“We initially had Salesforce CRM but didn’t really use it. The instance was incredibly complicated because it allows for so much customization that you end up doing nothing.When we explored Freshsales CRM, the first thing I remember saying is, okay, the interface is clean and simple.”
“Over time, Insightly seemed like a basic contact management system, and it didn’t offer much to improve our sales practice. After a while, we practically used it as nothing more than a database. We didn’t really know all the features we needed until we discovered Freshsales. So many new and beneficial features, like email tracking and lead scoring (which was entirely new and fascinating). The bulk editing within the application is a huge time-saver for our campaigns.”
“Prior to using Freshsales, our processes were largely manual. There was a huge risk of deals falling through the cracks. The amount of time we took from analysis to installation was a mess, and we honestly faced a lot of customer-related issues. Today, I can’t tell you how often I hear employees from different departments telling me-Wow! You save me hours every week!”
“For a business like ours with an anticipated high-velocity sales, you only want to make a sales CRM decision once. We explored multiple CRMs before choosing Freshsales. Pipedrive had limited capabilities; we weren’t able to easily track our customer journey end-to-end and spot our best leads. Salesforce was way too complex in addition to being expensive. With Freshsales, the interface is straightforward, we get deeper visibility into our sales pipeline and we’re able to generate powerful reports — in one hassle-free package.”