Job Offers:
Announcements
Job Offers
- Senior Grower Tomato, NSW Australia
- Grower Managers (5ha or 10ha) - Australia
- Rose Grower
- Farm Manager Tomato Greenhouse Nursery, Tunisia
- General Manager - Farming / QLD, Australia
- Sales Manager
- Want to grow your business?
- Gartenbaumeister (Deutschland) - Niederrhein
- Group Chief Operating Officer
- Allround Medewerker Bedrijfsbureau - Est, Nederland
Specials more
Top 5 -yesterday
- Over 3,000 hectares of pineapples lost to drought in Veracruz, Mexico
- Bayer launches crop protection solutions for organic crops
- Mucci Farms wins Best Sustainable Packaging Award at Fresh Summit 2019
- Newly released WOW™ berries won Best Overall Product Promo at PMA Fresh Summit 2019
- Whole Foods Market: Top 10 food trend predictions for 2020
Top 5 -last week
Top 5 -last month
- "We are the first organic citrus company to pack 100% without plastic"
- OVERVIEW GLOBAL AVOCADO MARKET
- Biggest problem facing avocado sector in coming years will be supply, not demand
- Trellising in avocado orchards is “pushing the boundaries of production"
- The avocado industry has been going through a "golden era"
Exchange Rates more »
Foreign exchange reference rates for the Euro
Source: ECB
Wednesday, October 23, 2019
Sort by continent | Sort by sector
Fair trade banana sales continue to grow and supplies are steady
Supplies of fair trade bananas are currently steady coming into North America. “We have no problems at this time with supplies,” says Stefan Misse of Discovery Organics based in Vancouver, B.C. “And we’re seeing similar volumes available as this time last year.” Misse notes that supplies are coming from Ecuador…
Job Offers:
Steady flow for California grape season
The table grape season in California remains steady, suppliers say, as growers now focus on selecting better quality fruit for long term storage while encouraging movement with good prices on grapes that need to move more quickly. Ira Greenstein of Direct Source Marketing, says that according to the most…
Vanguard Peru sees improvements with enhanced Total Quality Management
In 2016, Vanguard expanded its production scope and acquired Agricola Challapampa in Peru. The company said significant investments have been made to strengthen its position in Peru to support a 52-week per year supply solution of fresh produce to global customers. This has included the development of a…
First Australian mangoes of the season reach US shores
Northern Territory mangoes have made the lengthy but successful journey from Katherine to Los Angeles, with the first Australian mangoes arriving on US shelves for the season. The Kensington Pride variety mangoes have been grown and exported from Katherine by Manbulloo to their US supermarket customers,…
Wegmans announced as 2019 Mango Retailer of the Year
The National Mango Board (NMB) honored Wegmans as the 2019 Mango Retailer of the Year. The award winner was announced during the NMB’s Annual Mango Industry Reception on October 18, 2019 during PMA’s Fresh Summit Convention & Expo in Anaheim, CA. Present at the ceremony were award recipient Mary Zink,…
Half-day BrandStorm program on exhibiting success factors
Jefferson Davis (pictured, right), President of Competitive Edge, an exhibitor education, consulting and training firm, will present and facilitate the new Exhibitor Storm…
Olam International acquires Californian almond processor
Global food and agri-business Olam International Limited (Olam), announced that it has signed a purchase agreement to acquire a 100 percent interest in Californian almond…
New micro greens product makes retail launch
AeroFarmsⓇ, producer of indoor vertical farming and locally-grown produce has just introduced a new line of microgreens under their retail brand Dream GreensⓇ. Dream Greens now has two varieties of microgreens -Micro Super Mix and Micro Spicy Mix, now available at all Whole Foods Market locations in the…Xavier Equihua on the global avocado demand and supply:
"High volumes of supply will help to grow the market"
This year was an off-year for avocado producers everywhere, meaning that the supplies were lower but prices were higher. Peru has been expanding their avocado production every year, and for the past 5 to 6 years, their season has been stretching longer too – though they still predominantly produce during…
Good first day at Fruit Attraction trade show
The Fruit Attraction trade show kicked off in Madrid, Spain, on Tuesday, 22 October. The entire first day was well-attended. Over more than ten years, this event has grown from a Spanish producers' fair. It is now an international event that is noted in every global fruit and vegetable trader's diary.…
Sort by continent | Sort by sector
Record-breaking number of attendees at Fresh Summit Anaheim
This past Friday and Saturday, PMA Fresh Summit was held at the Anaheim Convention Center in Anaheim, California. The show attracted a record-breaking 24,000 attendees. Although the first day traditionally is the busiest day, this year the second day drew many visitors to the convention center again.…
North America
Fair trade banana sales continue to grow and supplies are steady
Supplies of fair trade bananas are currently steady coming into North America. “We have no problems at this time with supplies,” says Stefan Misse of Discovery Organics based in Vancouver, B.C. “And we’re seeing similar volumes available as this time last year.” Misse notes that supplies are coming from Ecuador…
2019 BC cranberry harvest update
The British Columbia cranberry harvest season is over 50 percent complete, and the crop is of a good quality although lower in yields than the bumper crop of 2018, growers say. “Yields are consistent with our expectations,” says Jack Brown, Chairman of the BC Cranberry Marketing Commission. “The cranberry vines are rebuilding…
Half-day BrandStorm program on exhibiting success factors
Jefferson Davis (pictured, right), President of Competitive Edge, an exhibitor education, consulting and training firm, will present and facilitate the new Exhibitor Storm…
Steady flow for California grape season
The table grape season in California remains steady, suppliers say, as growers now focus on selecting better quality fruit for long term storage while encouraging movement with good prices on grapes that need to move more quickly. Ira Greenstein of Direct Source Marketing, says that according to the most…
Olam International acquires Californian almond processor
Global food and agri-business Olam International Limited (Olam), announced that it has signed a purchase agreement to acquire a 100 percent interest in Californian almond…
New micro greens product makes retail launch
AeroFarmsⓇ, producer of indoor vertical farming and locally-grown produce has just introduced a new line of microgreens under their retail brand Dream GreensⓇ. Dream Greens now has two varieties of microgreens -Micro Super Mix and Micro Spicy Mix, now available at all Whole Foods Market locations in the…
Wegmans announced as 2019 Mango Retailer of the Year
The National Mango Board (NMB) honored Wegmans as the 2019 Mango Retailer of the Year. The award winner was announced during the NMB’s Annual Mango Industry Reception on October 18, 2019 during PMA’s Fresh Summit Convention & Expo in Anaheim, CA. Present at the ceremony were award recipient Mary Zink,…
Bonduelle Fresh Americas announces CSR goals for 2025
As part of its global sustainability journey, Bonduelle Fresh Americas published its corporate social responsibility strategy, identifying the goals the company will target to…
Vanguard Peru sees improvements with enhanced Total Quality Management
In 2016, Vanguard expanded its production scope and acquired Agricola Challapampa in Peru. The company said significant investments have been made to strengthen its position in Peru to support a 52-week per year supply solution of fresh produce to global customers. This has included the development of a…California-Oregon
Cal-Ore keeps pace with US consumers
Sid Staunton and Cal-Ore’s operation is working to expand on a boxing storage strategy that produces a higher-quality product of small red and yellow potato varieties with a growing demand. Staunton and his family are part of a multi-family operation located on the California-Oregon border called…Potato breeding in Maine
"Survival of the fittest tuber"
Pinto Gold, a potato variety developed by the University of Maine’s potato breeding and variety development program, made its debut in May 2018. Named for its alternating patches of red and yellow…
Agriculture‐related provisions of the US-Japan Trade Agreement
The United States and Japan signed the US-Japan Trade Agreement on October 7, 2019. One of the Trump Administration’s most important goals was to get an early deal with Japan that would enable American farmers, ranchers, and agribusinesses to remain competitive in the face of other countries having…
Mexfly quarantines in Texas lifted by USDA
The USDA removed four Mexican fruit fly quarantines in Texas. The organisation’s Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service and the Texas Department of Agriculture (TDA) made the decisions after three generations without a detection, according to a news release. The lifted quarantines are: Effective Sept.…
TruTag Technologies close $7.5 million investment round for edible barcode
TruTag Technologies, a developer of product identity and traceability solutions, has closed on a $7.5 million Series C backed by Pangaea Ventures and Happiness Capital. This…
Family-run farm protects history with its “antique” apples
At a time when new varieties of apples clamor for attention on retail shelves, one apple grower is focusing heavily on “antique” varieties of apples. Montgomery Place Orchards in Red Hook, NY is a small apple grower with 10 acres only. But it packs a big varietal punch with almost 70 varieties available…
Latin AmericaXavier Equihua on the global avocado demand and supply:
"High volumes of supply will help to grow the market"
This year was an off-year for avocado producers everywhere, meaning that the supplies were lower but prices were higher. Peru has been expanding their avocado production every year, and for the past 5 to 6 years, their season has been stretching longer too – though they still predominantly produce during…
Peruvian pomegranate, grape, and avocado exports to Russia increase
During the first nine months of 2019, Peruvian fruit and vegetable exports to Russia grew by 17% in value and volume when compared to the same period of 2018. “The country…
Chile inches closer to opening up South Korean market for its avocados
Within the framework of the Chilean government's strategy to diversify markets and opportunities in Asian Pacific countries, Chile has held a series of meetings with various…
Chilean blueberry exports have increased by 102% in 2019
The last Crop Report of the 2018/19 blueberry season, which was published by Chile's Blueberry Committee - ASOEX, highlighted the increase in new plantations in the country in…
Chile's port system joins the country's protests with operational shutdowns
Trade unions have organized stoppages to the operations of the Chilean port system, thus joining the protests that started last weekend. According to the Chilean Port Union, 100% of its associates, equivalent to 90% of the port workers, adhered to the call. North ZoneOperations have been carried out…
New facilities in Mexico could process 1,000 tons of avocados per day
The construction of a new warehouse for the importation and distribution of avocados in Mexico will allow processing more than 1,000 tons of product per day, stated the president of the Association of Avocado Producers, Packers, and Exporters of Mexico (APEAM), Gabriel Villaseñor. According to…
Peruvian producers must have realistic expectations for pitahaya
"The pitahaya is interesting to developing markets, but producers must be very careful about their expectations and the fruit's commercial sustainability," said Jose Castillo, head of the Regional Headquarters of Sierra and Selva Exportadora, an agency of the Ministry of Agriculture and Irrigation…
Hortifrut and Alifrut team up to become Chile's largest agricultural export group
Hortifrut, an agribusiness company controlled by the Moller family in Chile and linked to the Quevedo group in Peru, and Alifrut, a subsidiary of Chilean holding Duncan Fox,…
Boom in exports of patented Peruvian seedless red grapes
Patented seedless red grapes have become a big business for Peru's agricultural export sector. Between the years 2010 to 2012, the Arra 29 variety was the only variety of this type cultivated and the volumes shipped abroad did not reach 1,000 tons. However, the panorama has evolved and, according to data…'Storm clouds hanging over global economy'
Expanded Panama Canal has its challenges
When the new locks of the expanded Panama Canal begin operations, they will do so amidst numerous challenges. There are certainly storm clouds hanging over the global economy,…
Asia
"Our late peaches take full advantage of market window"
The peak harvest season of honey peaches in China falls around July to August each year. "Currently, the varieties available on the market are very limited. Our Huiquan Xiantao is a late variety planted in March each year and fruits in October, which allows us to better seize the market window. Although…New apple varieties from France introduced into Chinese market
"We're expecting to increase export volume to China by at least 20% this year"
The French company Blue Whale, which this year is celebrating its fiftieth anniversary as a French exporter, returns to China this season with Novablue, a new gala apple variety, and a range of point-of-sale promotional campaigns. On Monday, the Shanghai wholesale market was the venue chosen by Blue Whale…
"Volumes of Chinese Autumn Moon pears grow but retail price remains stable"
Early-season pear varieties begin to enter the Chinese fruit market starting from June. The weather conditions this year were much better than last year. The overall production volume therefore greatly increased. This is quite literally a year of abundance for pear farmers. According to Mr. Chi of…
Africa
How technology helps African growers
Currently, more than half of working Africans have jobs in agriculture, but poor infrastructure, inadequate tools and a lack of investment have left the continent's mostly small-scale farms struggling to feed a growing population. Now, a wave of technological solutions is aiming to help. In Ghana, a…Matchidi Toscana, one of four cherry farms in the ZZ2 portfolio
Cherries harvested just outside Johannesburg for UK & Middle East
During October, in the month before Chilean cherries start, South African producer ZZ2 seizes the gap and sends cherries to UK retail in 5kg boxes for repacking, to Dubai (taking more every year) and to the domestic market. Demand is strong at the moment for the fruit which is all flown out; ZZ2’s cherry…
“French Sweet Sensation is the new variety of pears from 100% eco-responsible orchards”
This year, Les Vergers de la Blottière celebrates 5 years on the market for the Sweet Sensation pear, originally from the Netherlands, whose harvest in Maine-et-Loire started a few weeks ago. “The first departures to our clients took place on October 2nd. We harvested a little more than 700 tons this…
“Egypt and India filled the gap created by the Russian embargo”
The Egyptians are charmed by the Polish apples. They started importing the apples from Poland earlier this year, which was convenient. After the Russian embargo went into effect five years ago it was Egypt and India that became new markets and filled the gap this embargo created. The Idared variety has…
"Volumes of Chinese Autumn Moon pears grow but retail price remains stable"
Early-season pear varieties begin to enter the Chinese fruit market starting from June. The weather conditions this year were much better than last year. The overall production volume therefore greatly increased. This is quite literally a year of abundance for pear farmers. According to Mr. Chi of…
EuropeEuropean Environment Agency report
"Climate change could cut value of European agriculture 16% by 2050"
Changing weather patterns have once again had a damaging impact on Europe’s fruit and vegetable processors in 2019, as main producer countries have experienced extreme weather conditions throughout the summer season, with crop yields reduced to varying degrees depending on the region. A recent report released by the European…
The Cumelo: Italian regional product in Dutch supermarkets
A new product was introduced to the fresh produce section at Jumbo, a Dutch supermarket chain, this summer - the Cumelo. The Cumelo is an Italian regional product. There it is known as the Barattiere. The Greenery exclusively sells this product to the Dutch market. Gerard van Loon of Greenery Italia…The Bagioni firm will present the K9 at the Asparagus Days. Watch the video!
New asparagus harvesting machine
A double engine for double traction, without chains but in an oil bath, lithium batteries, a stop & go system: these are just some of the characteristics of the "Bagioni Alfiero" firm's new machine to facilitate asparagus harvesting. "We'll present the K9 - says Aurenzo Bagioni - at the Asparagus Days 2019 exhibition (29-30 October…Preview: new compostable packaging hits the shelves at Esselunga stores
IGP Pachino tomatoes are plastic free
"It is now a matter of fact: the European Union has has voted to say goodbye to single-use plastics, which must be completely eliminated by 2021. Because of this, I was inspired to create an eco-friendly and innovative packaging that resembles a jewelry box to emphasize the preciousness of our product.…
Latvian super-strawberries will withstand October chill
At first glance it seems unbelievable to see hundreds of flowering strawberry plants and long rows of red berries in greenhouses during the middle of October. Owner Ilmārs Gulbis didn’t heat the greenhouses in Laidi parish even on the days when temperatures fell below zero, yet the strawberries were…
Will it be cold enough for fruit trees to flourish in 30 years?
A study has managed to extrapolate the accumulation of cold periods in Spain for over the next 30 years and to the end of the century. This provides producers with important…
Spain: The gateway for fruits imported from third countries
A total of 563 million tons of goods went through Spanish publicly owned ports in 2018, out of which 11.5 million corresponded to fruits, vegetables and legumes. During the first seven months of 2019, the volume of fresh produce already stood at 7.2 million tons. These figures are possible thanks to the…New Wuppertaler LLC relies on sweet potatoes from Honduras
"From 2020 onwards, we want to double our import volume"
Sweet potatoes are nowadays mostly sourced from the USA, North Africa and the Iberian Peninsula. But originally, the colorful tubers were mainly grown in Latin American countries, like Honduras. The newly founded Frutas del Sol LLC has set itself the task to market the Honduran sweet potato from small-scale…
Good first day at Fruit Attraction trade show
The Fruit Attraction trade show kicked off in Madrid, Spain, on Tuesday, 22 October. The entire first day was well-attended. Over more than ten years, this event has grown from a Spanish producers' fair. It is now an international event that is noted in every global fruit and vegetable trader's diary.…
Turkey gives subsidies to fresh fruit and vegetable sector
The Turkish Minister of Agriculture and Forestry, Bekir Pakdemirli, has announced that subsidies will be provided to the fruit and vegetable sector within the scope of the EU project for pre-accession countries, known as The Instrument for Pre-Accession Assistance in Rural Development (IPARD). "220 fruit…
World Citrus Organization launched at Fruit Attraction
The newly founded World Citrus Organization (WCO) was officially launched at Fruit Attraction, Madrid. With this official presentation, citrus fruits are finally placed at the same level of coordination worldwide as other fruit categories, such as pears & apples, kiwis, avocado or red fruits, which…
Recyclable table grape packaging to be displayed at Fruit Attraction
Prior to the start of the South African Organic Table Grape season, OTC Organics presents a carton table grape packaging to meet increasing demand from end customers. Reducing plastic packaging for vegetables and fruit is perhaps the most discussed topic of the moment. Retailers, distributors, packers, consumers…
KeyGene delivers first-ever fully phased red raspberry genome
This summer, KeyGene completed the mapping of the red raspberry genome, delivering the final results to the BerryWorld Plus Ltd. berry breeding programme. This meant it was…
Oceania
First Australian mangoes of the season reach US shores
Northern Territory mangoes have made the lengthy but successful journey from Katherine to Los Angeles, with the first Australian mangoes arriving on US shelves for the season. The Kensington Pride variety mangoes have been grown and exported from Katherine by Manbulloo to their US supermarket customers,…
World
World's 10 fastest growing cities are going to be in Africa within 16 years
During the next 16 years, all of the world’s 10 fastest growing cities are going to be in Africa. If this growth is a process of people voting with their feet, as last year’s winner of the Nobel Prize in Economics Paul Romer once put it, these cities are winning. Yet urbanization in many developing countries,…
World Citrus Organization launched at Fruit Attraction
The newly founded World Citrus Organization (WCO) was officially launched at Fruit Attraction, Madrid. With this official presentation, citrus fruits are finally placed at the same level of coordination worldwide as other fruit categories, such as pears & apples, kiwis, avocado or red fruits, which…
Retail
Trader Joe's: Multiple states expansion
US: FMI shines spotlight on supermarkets’ GreenChill effortsGrocery retailers are improving management of refrigerants and reducing carbon emissions through participation in the Environmental Protection Agency’s GreenChill Partnership, said Marjorie DePuy of the Food Marketing Institute (FMI). DePuy,…