UNLEASH THE
POWER OF DATA
Recruit smarter with our new
Coach Dashboard
STAY CONNECTED
WITH MOBILE APPS
New FR Coach and ELITE native iOS
and Android apps now available
<
>
Co-Defensive Coordinator
1 - 2
<
>
See 360° View of
Recruiting Information
Utilize Powerful Communication Tools
Manage Recruit Board
and Depth Charts
Customized to Meet Your Staff's Needs
24/7 Access Via
Native Mobile Apps
Manage data, forms and documents
1 - 3
<
>
Stay Compliant with
Built-in Rules
View Potential Violations Instantly
As a Compliance Officer, you get a dedicated login that allows you to instantly view and report on potential violations. Sort by sport, date range, or type of violation to quickly evaluate the validity of interactions and then mark them as reviewed.
Proactive Protection for Your Coaches
Whether coaches are accessing Front Rush from a laptop or mobile device, the system will proactively alert users prior to any violation. This includes outgoing calls, emails, evals, contacts, and even text messages.
Log and Review Countable Activity
Create and Track Compliance Events
When creating an event, coaches can mark it as a compliance event which will then be tracked in their CARA log and made available for reporting.
Easily Generate Compliance Reports
Coaches can log every contact and every evaluation they have with recruits. You have the ability to run reports on these interactions on your end or even have the coaches do it for you.
Create Unlimited Forms and Workflows
Manage and Track Form Completion
Manage and view each team's roster to see who has and has not filled out required forms. As soon as a student-athlete fills out a form, your report is updated in real time. Easily export form data for ad hoc reports.
Simplify Student-Athlete Forms Via Portal
Student-Athletes have secure, dedicated online portals where they can read, fill-out, and sign all NCAA institutional forms as well as any custom forms that you have built.
Increase Efficiency and Reduce Data Entry
Data entered one time populates both systems, eliminating data entry headaches. Selected data can be shared and viewed at the same time to improve decision making, and reduce delays.
Integrate Systems and Share Data
Improve Collaboration Across Campus
Communicate more quickly about the status of recruits. More easily review and discuss application status, and work together with admissions to identify and market to all qualified, top prospects.
Scalable, Web-based Connectivity
Advanced Mobile Data and Scanning Options
Access sizing chart, inventory and transaction data on the go, including issues and returns, with our industry leading mobile app. Quickly perform transactions using innovative mobile scanning capabilities.
Increase Tracking and Transparency
Instantly track and report on inventory issues, returns and adjustments in real-time. Dashboard reporting and inventory alerts increase transparency into all costs, transactions, and activities.
No syncing. No cables.
Just apps.
FR TRAC mobile apps are available for iPhone and iPad. Designed for real-time tracking of inventory, athlete, staff and business-related data, FR TRAC provides excellent documentation for compliance and auditing purposes.
Contact us today to talk discuss your options for putting together an inventory solution that meets your needs.
Smart Content Powers Your Outreach
A Safe, Secure and Proven Platform
All pages are safe and secure. Contributor reporting details can be downloaded at any time. Our proven system is used by thousands of teams to fund travel, gear and other equipment purchases.
Complete Reporting with Transparency
We track everything about your campaign by student-athlete, so you're always in the know. Infographics report profits, performance and participation. Automated team reminders drive engagement.
"I'm proud of the growth and evolution of FR TRAC over the last 15 years. This product continues to be a game-changer for our customers. We know how difficult it is to manage athletic inventory and assets, and how hard staffs work to serve athletes and coaches. At Front Rush, we're committed to innovation, and know how important it is for our customers to trust us and know they can depend on our products and personalized support to get the job done."
Jason Gutcher, FR TRAC Operations
"Front Rush is committed to providing coaches and administrators with the best tools possible. Our team is dedicated to being the best, which means coaches trust us to help them win. Our customers are excited about our new product releases, and the unmatched access to data and content from our ecosystem of partners. Best of all, we're just getting started."
Mike Thrower, Leadership Team
"I spent 17 years in College Admissions before joining Front Rush. I enjoy helping coaches, administrators and admissions officers collaborate and get work done. Athletic Directors choose Front Rush because they know we're experienced and will work on their behalf to strengthen relations on campus with key stakeholders. "
Ben Pickrell, Sales Team
"I worked in Power 5 football recruiting for over 12 years before joining Front Rush. We know how important a coach's job is, and our mission is to help make that job easier. I've been impressed and proud of the commitment our company has to support and empower coaches."
Justin Wright, Success Team
"As a previous college coach and student-athlete, I know first hand the amazing, important work coaches and administrators do with young people. I love working with our coaches and compliance administrators, and helping them work more efficiently so they can achieve their goals. It's great that our team gets to play a small role in our customer's success."
Jenn Stone, Sales Team
RECRUITING EVOLVED.
BUILDING RELATIONSHIPS.
COACHES
ATHLETIC DIRECTORS
COMPLIANCE
We love coaches, and they love us. We're proud to service thousands of coaches, from 9,500+ teams, at over 850 schools. What we're most proud of is that the majority of Front Rush installs come directly from Coaches. Coaches trust us to help them get winning results, and know that our focus and first priority is serving them. That's why Front Rush is the #1 most used recruiting software for coaches. (More Details)
Successful, winning teams work well together. Front Rush increases collaboration by simplifying the management of data and athletics operations in an intuitive software system, that frankly, coaches love to use. We provide deeper insights into data and operational processes, helping your staff stay organized and make more effective, timely decisions that improve productivity and reduce risks. We start by helping coaches work smarter. (More Details)
Compliance administrators already have a difficult job, without all of the headaches and obstacles of paper-intensive operations. Front Rush offers advanced monitoring and workflow automation that increase transparency, eliminate paper trails and proactively protect coaches when they're recruiting. We give you the tools you need to be more effective at your job, so you can focus on what's important - educating and supporting coaches and athletes. (More Details)
<
>
Front Rush, LLC
62 South Main Street
Yardley, PA 19067
p. (215) 489-2100