For security reasons, your session has been timed out. To continue, Please login.
Try our fb ChatBOT >
Apply Businesses Loan >
< Apply Personal Loan
Working Capital Loans are suitable for bridging your short term cash flow gaps and for ensuring that you can manage unexpected expenses
Short term loans are ideal for managing one-off business needs and capex requirements, managing seasonal inventory increases, hiring needs, buying an asset or bridging property purchases
Medium term loans are ideal for managing capex requirements, buying an asset, commercial property purchase, corporate acquisition and managing growth.
Salaried Employee Loans are suitable for bridging your short term cash flow gaps and for ensuring that you can manage unexpected expenses while you work in a company and draw a regular monthly salary.
Self Employed PROFESSIONAL Loans are ideal for managing one-off business needs and heavy expense requirements, managing seasonal cashflows, hiring needs, buying an asset or bridging property purchases for professionals such as doctors, chartered accountants, company secretaries, architects, financial consultants, business consultants and technology consultants.
Self Employed OWNER Loans are ideal for managing working capital requirements, buying an asset, commercial property purchase, corporate acquisition and managing growth for small business owners, whose personal financial profiles are better than their business profiles.
Apply Online
Borrowers can apply for a loan online on FundsTiger.com or through one of our affliate partners.
The process takes around 20 minutes and enables borrowers to not just get access to capital, but also understand what areas they need to work on in order to enhance their credit profile.
FundsTiger ensures that Borrowers get a secure, safe and reliable application process that be tracked online.
View Results
The FundsTiger Credit Algorithm reviews the inputs of the Loan Application and provides an instant initial assessment, which is shared with the Borrower along with indicative credit rating, and pricing range.
Following the initial assessment, FundsTiger will review the application details, understand borrower requirements, structure the loan terms and share the terms with the Borrower within 2 business days.
Get Funded
Once the Borrower accepts the terms, due diligence is initiated.
Once satisfactory due diligence is complete, the Borrower will get the funds directly into their business accounts.
The entire process should typically take around 7 business days for unsecured loans.
FundsTiger Account
Registered users get access to a FundsTiger account that allows Borrowers to track the performance of their loan, make repayments and upload any information that may be required for monitoring.
The FundsTiger Borrowers can also use their account to see how their credit history is being built, work on areas that need improvement and enhance their credit profile.
Pre-qualification in minutes using our eligibility checker above. A good number of businesses who get past the pre-qualification stage are likely to be accepted as borrowers.
A full application takes less than 20 minutes to complete. In most cases, we will tell you almost immediately how much we can lend and you can get the funds in your account in 7 business days.