Deliver
your IT project
- smoothly
- on time
- quickly
- seamlessly
Having close relationship with a company such as Future Processing means that when we need to adapt quickly or deliver things for new parts of the business, we’re able to do that much more easily.
Future Processing has been our ability to resource our projects fully and therefore deliver on time with good quality.
Future Processing have enabled HAS Group as a company to accelerate development of new products helping improve our product suite offering much faster than otherwise possible.
Future Processing delivers a true added value to our project. Team-wise they are offering a true full-stack skill matrix with a great mindset and expertise in agile software development.
We're software development experts, who have been solving business problems using technology for almost 20 years now.
For us, software is all about empowering people and organisations to realise their full potential. That’s what sets us apart – we believe that great people equals great software.
Our Services
Whether you need software engineers, a bespoke solution or technology insights, we can deliver.
-
If you need engineering
Software Development Teams
Tap into our pool of talented software development engineers including, among others, .NET and Java experts.Read more
-
If you need a bespoke solution
Software Development Projects
Get an A-Z solution with a full cycle product development process managed by us.Read more
-
If you need IT insights & knowledge
Consultancy
Benefit from almost 20 years of experience and let us be your secret weapon when it comes to innovative technologies.Read more
FACTS AND NUMBERS
Clients benefit from our 19 years' experience.
global clients in portfolio
revenue from clients with us for +3 years
years of Microsoft partnership
BSc, MSc and PhD graduates
certified
named by Global Sourcing Association
surveyed clients claim the quality of our services meets or exceeds expectations
clients with us for over 5 years
projects run simultaneously for one client
What IT partnership means to us.
Since our beginning we have been focused on building long-term relationships with our clients based on mutual trust and dedication. I am proud of how we've been able to achieve this during day-to-day work and on strategic level.
Jarosław Granat
Head of Client Engagement
As an employer, Future Processing allows us to develop ourselves and trusts our abilities. This gives us confidence to ask questions and propose improvements to the solutions we work on, with the best interest of our clients’ in mind.
Aleksander Kasiuk
Senior Software Developer
Events
Let’s meet and talk.
Want to talk to us in person? See where you can meet us.