Affiliate Program
For Bloggers, social media gurus, Webmasters & SEO Specialists
FXTM Partners provides you with:
- Revolutionary Hybrid Payouts (CPA + Lifetime Rebates)
- Customizable Multilingual Banners
- Detailed State-of-the-Art Reporting
- Free Localized Articles and Market Reviews
- Free Educational Videos and Tutorials
Introducing Brokers
For IBs, Strategy Providers, Forex Gurus & Local Representatives
FXTM Partners provides you with:
- Customized Rebate Schemes that Increase based on your Client Activity
- Multi-Level-Marketing Rebate Tiers
- Flexible Weekly Payout Options
- Transparent & detailed Performance Statistics
- Local Office & Events Support
Why Partner with FXTM?
FXTM is a multi-award winning global authority in the Forex industry and a broker your clients will trust.
Licensed and Regulated
With performance statistics checked by PricewaterhouseCoopers and working within multiple regulatory frameworks, FXTM is fully transparent and reliable.
Superior Trading Conditions
Over 250 trading instruments available & award-winning execution speed, super tight spreads and flexible leverage.
Free Deposits & Fast Withdrawals
Convenient, secure, and offering local payment solutions, FXTM’s funding methods are tailored to all circumstances.
Advanced Investment Solutions
Traders can follow experienced Strategy Managers in the state-of-the-art copy trading program FXTM Invest.
A Vast Selection of Educational Material
From local seminars to educational videos that take the trader from A to Z of the business, FXTM provides an ample and diverse supply of training material suited for traders of all levels.
Multilingual Client Support
Over 25 languages are spoken by the broker’s very helpful client support staff, and they’re always ready to assist.
Exciting Contests
Traders and investors around the world can take part in regular demo and live trading contests and win withdrawable cash prizes.
Exclusive Promotions
Traders can participate in attractive promotions such as the FXTM Loyalty Cashback rebate program.