"The self-healing film from Gadgetshieldz offers edge-to-edge screen protection with precise cutouts on the back and an oleophobic coating to cut down on smudges."
Prev
Next
Get Social
Get your gadgets on par with your own impeccable style. Explore our countless style options: From Wood, Carbon Fiber to Leather, Grunge and many more. It's not just a skin, it's Skinnovation!!SKINNOVATE YOUR DEVICE
Indestructible, self-healing scratch protection. Shouldn’t your screen protector be able to protect itself? Our full body protectors are no longer an option. They’re mandatory.Protect Your Device
ONEPLUS: IT CAME. IT SAW. IT CONQUERED. OnePlus is a dark horse that took the mobile world by storm. In all these years, the next stop for every OnePlus device buyer was GadgetShieldz: Yes, it’s right here. OnePlus diehards head straight to GadgetShieldz for a strong reason – we provide the world’s best precision cut skins for any of the OnePlus device you... now own. How? Easy: When our ‘competitors’ spend time making hollow promises, we steadfastly focus on making superior grade OnePlus 7T, OnePlus 7 Pro, OnePlus 7, OnePlus 6T, OnePlus 6, OnePlus 5T, OnePlus 5 skins. With the state-of-the-art skin customizer, you are all set to experience full freedom to choose the preferred custom skin texture. It is only a matter of time before you wrap your OnePlus phone’s back, camera and logo with a GadgetShieldz’s scratch protection skin. Before you could ask, we are ever so proud to tell you that only the best quality 3M vinyl materials are used in the making of OnePlus skins. So, what are you waiting for? Get a stylish skin today!Shop now
You‘ve recently purchased your new Samsung Galaxy S10 for its performance and design. But take a second to imagine actually using your new phone. Can you really keep it from getting scratched or dented? You can replace a cracked screen or a broken phone, but can you tolerate the tiny scratches? Well you won’t have to ever find out, because you’re looking at the one stop shop to get the finest style that also gives your Galaxy Note 10 plus protection from scratches.... Our Galaxy skins are engineered to offer the required add-on grip and they wrap perfectly around your device, reducing the possibility of slippage. Our premium custom skins cover the back of your phone by offering protection to your device from nicks and scratches. And as an added advantage, it eliminates fingerprints so that you need not worry in having those greasy impressions on the back of the phone. Don’t think twice just pick your custom skin and style your device.Shop now
You have just realized the plight of having an iPhone 11: impending permanent scratches and greasy fingerprints. You also come to the realization that you’ll have to protect that bulky camera lens from the merciless scratches. The iPhone’s glass body gives it a classy look, but the fear of having your iPhone XR scratched or dented will keep you fashionably sleepless at night. But you can just relax,... because we’re here to protect your phone and your peace of mind. Our custom skins are precision cut to cover your iPhone 11 and iPhone 11 Pro perfectly, giving your iPhone a brand new, scratchproof look that won’t hinder its functionality. Just wrap up your device and say no to fingerprints with our skins. Amaze onlookers and dazzle co-workers with a fresh new texture. And just so you know, we use only the highest quality premium 3M materials in making our skins.Shop now
Xiaomi phones are some of the most convenient options anyone can find. Being the key source of affordable but powerful phones, their versatility eventually carved out a nice large share of the Smartphone market for themselves. Since its release, anyone who’s bought a Redmi K20 Pro invariably finds themselves at our doorstep. Why? It’s simple: Xiaomi phone owners hate dealing with those tiny yet permanent scratches on the screen or back.... Our 100% authentic 3M skin easily prevents any scratches on the back. So with incredible precision, exquisite textures, premium colors, and high-tech ultra-thin materials; you can see why people would choose us over any other option. While adding zero bulkiness, skins customized with our futuristic customization tool speaks for itself. Our customization tool is interactive, super-fast, and limitless. You will also get an exact preview of how your phone looks when wrapped in our super grippy skins. Go ahead; choose from among the umpteen true texture skins to wrap your Poco F1 or your Xiaomi A3 phone in protection.Shop now
We’re sure you don’t want to put our Huawei Honor phone down: Partly because it’s so much fun to use, but mostly because you’ll get scratches on that gorgeously glossy back if you do. Our Huawei Honor skins are made with 3M materials, the best in the world. They’re easy-to-apply, easy-to-remove, and also keep those greasy fingerprints off the back.,... You will also find that your Huawei Honor phone skin wraps around your phone perfectly with all ports and buttons still 100% accessible, because of our precision engineering. Our Huawei Honor skins do more than just protect your phone. Your skin will be custom-made to your desires, turning your Huawei Honor phone into a grand fashion statement. And if you’re in the mood for something else truly stunning, you absolutely MUST check out our special edition skins. We’ve got skins for your Huawei Honor Play, Huawei Honor 8X, Huawei Honor 9i, and the older devices too, just click and start customizing. Get your Huawei Honor skins now, before the scratches get you!Shop now
So you’ve got a Macbook, that’s pretty awesome! Now imagine realizing everyone else’s Macbook looks just like yours, except for all the scratches, grime, and (unidentified) dirt on their once-smooth surfaces. But hey! You’ll never have to deal with that because you’re here looking at our Macbook skins, the perfect protection against scratch goblins and bad fashion! Here, you’ll have the option of limitless customization among our patterns and colors so you can pick the perfect skin for you.... The Macbook Pro skins are made from world class 3M materials and are cut with absolute precision. So you’ll always get skins that wrap around your macbook and fit as snug as a warm bed on a cold morning. We’ve got skins for the Macbook Air 13”, the Macbook 12”, and even the Macbook Pro 13” with its touch bar, so just take your pick. You will also be able to preview any skin you wish by just selecting your device and choosing your customization options. Go on and get your custom Macbook skin, it’s time you and your Macbook stood out from the crowd.Shop now
"The self-healing film from Gadgetshieldz offers edge-to-edge screen protection with precise cutouts on the back and an oleophobic coating to cut down on smudges."
"Head on and slap a GadgetShieldz skin on your device before it's too late"
"GadgetShieldz Protector can bend to adapt to the curves of your device and leave no surface uncovered"
"The color and texture offered on the GadgetShieldz skin gives a premium look to your phone"
"The GadgetShieldz Screen Protectors allows you to enjoy your phone while keeping it secured from the big bad world around it"
Secure Payments
Money Back Guarantee
including United Kingdom
Screen Protectors
payment
pay1
pay2
© 2008-2019 Gadgetshieldz
All logos and trademarks on the site are property of their respective owners.