Play the Best Free PC Games and Mac Games. Download on Games.lol
Get the best free PC & Mac full version games now. PC & Mac games available for download anytime, anywhere. Action games, arcade games, puzzle games, casual games, sports games, unblocked games and more. An ocean of Games, all 100% FREE!
Getting good free PC games online is very hard these days. With today’s high-budget video games that demand more power from your computer, sometimes you can’t help but stick with the games that aren’t hard on your system. Even the best free games in the market require a lot of your capacity.
But what if you just want to play a casual game? Something that isn’t too complicated to play nor does it need high specs to run smoothly? Fortunately, we got you covered! Welcome to Games.lol – a place where you’ll find the most awesome free online games to download.
Games.lol provides you with direct PC ports of top on-the-go casual games that millions of players devoted their time for. These PC games are free to download forever; we will never charge you even a single dime.
All free online games that are available to download suit for any type of gamer. We got the family-friendliest games suited for kids to more action-packed titles for the mature players.
Run the game installer
Editor’s Blog
Read the latest gaming news, how-to guides, press releases, game updates and reviews on the latest happenings within the global gaming community. A one-stop place for all your daily dose of game related information.
Now with Riot Games announcing League of Legends: Wild Rift coming to mobile and consoles in the following year, a lot of players predict Mobile Legends in 2020 will die down significantly. While the new League game will definitely put a hard dent over Mobile Legends 2020, it won’t mean the game will die. In […]Read More...
Dead Trigger 2 is one of the goriest free-to-play zombie shooter games ever made. Coming with fantastic visuals thanks to the Unity Engine, very responsive controls and tons of unlockables to earn, Dead Trigger 2 sets itself apart from other undead killers with its generosity of quality content. However, the game can get pretty daunting; […]Read More...
There are countless numbers of card games to choose from and a large handful of carbon-copied Solitaire games. I can’t blame you if you don’t know where to start due to the multiple solo card games out there. Yes, they look the same, the rules bend the same but the gameplay of each goes somewhat […]Read More...
Now that Fate Grand Order PC EN is available to download here on Games.lol, I think it’s time to make some blogs about the game. For starters, Fate Grand Order PC or FGO PC is a free to play gacha J-RPG extracted from the mobile platform. If you never figured out already, the game is […]Read More...
If you thought you can earn a lot of Mobile Legends free diamonds or free skins, you thought wrong. Look, the only way for you to earn diamonds in Mobile Legends require either two processes: buy them in the game’s store or complete their challenges. But as for websites that say they’ll give you “MOBILE […]Read More...
Now that PUBG Mobile finally found its way here in Games.lol, we thought it would be good to share some tips once in a while when it comes to knowing the basics. If you never played PUBG Mobile before and would like to know some vital tricks, let me help you out. Trust me, I […]Read More...
The Battle Cats is always known for its bizarre humor beyond its already-impressive gameplay. Throughout the course of its lifespan, the tower defense game garnered much reputation thanks to its odd comedy to the point where it became popular to the anime community. Thus, PONOS – the dev team of The Battle Cats, managed to […]Read More...
Clash of Clans. A highly-renowned game title that swept millions of mobile users thanks to its engaging gameplay and competitive scene. However, it has been 4 years since its launch and lots of players have moved on to other games like Mobile Legends, Clash Royale and Last Day on Earth: Survival. So, now you ask yourself, “Is Clash of […]Read More...
Here at Games.lol, we always update our games library with the best of the best in the handheld platform. To be honest, creating direct PC ports of popular mobile games takes a long time. This time around, we are excited to bring you the best mobile gacha games onto your PC WITHOUT the need for […]Read More...
Here at Games.lol, we store the best mobile-to-pc versions of beloved free adventure games on the phone. Some of them take the role of running games, while others are straight-out action-packed full of explosions and bright colors. In the end, we broke them all down into a category that redefined video games forever: Platformer. Platformer […]Read More...
RPGs, fighters, shooters, racers, multiplayer, whatever you pick, we have it. These PC games for free download are among one of the community favorites. Titles like Honkai Impact 3, AOV Arena of Valor, Mobile Legends, Lineage II: Revolution, Battle Cats, Clash Royale, and Lords Mobile are among the best free games in our extensive library.
The free PC games here come from all around the corners of the globe. Diverse titles show up in our collection, coming from developers from America, Europe and Asia. You’ll never run out of the best free games to choose from as we have more than 100 (and counting)!
Play the best free PC games and download every full version only here!
Mini Games
Destroy other opponents in our multiplayer online tank game. You can reach other players by blasting the maze walls. You must protect the water on the playground and not shoot at it. Have fun.Read More...
Do you like shooting games? PUBG Craft BATTLEGROUNDS is waiting for you.Read More...
The game Crazy Steve io was created for fun and fast fighting. The main task in Crazy Steve is to score as many points as possible and be the coolest. To do this, you need to collect diamonds and apples that appear on the map. For diamonds, you charge more experience than apples, but thanks […]Read More...
Buddy Toss is super fun and makes me laugh every time Tap to toss the man in his arms into the air and tap on it again before he falls to the ground Repeat Until he was toss to the GalaxyRead More...
The new redball forever is here! Save the world from the monsters, and complete all levels but it’s harder when you have no arms or legs! Now Red must bounce, float, and roll his way around Black Ball’s fiendish traps to find the end, and complete all levels. Collect lot stars and unlock awesome skins […]Read More...
Are you ready to play one of the best Helicopter Simulation game ever? Play two exciting modes with multiple helicopters. Mode 1 – Parking Simulator and mode 2 – Checkpoint Based Drive. Use WASD to fly, Q/E to rotate, Shift to start engine / go up, Space – stop engine / go down.Read More...
Mortar.io is a unique battle arena game, only weapon that you have is motar and have to use it to kill others. Take precised and predictive shots for confirmed kills and unlock powerful mortars. Good LuckRead More...
Are you ready to play one of the best Helicopter Simulation game ever? Play two exciting modes with multiple helicopters. Mode 1 – Parking Simulator and mode 2 – Checkpoint Based Drive. Use WASD to fly, Q/E to rotate, Shift to start engine / go up, Space – stop engine / go down.Read More...
How to Download Free PC Games
All you got to do is go to our website and check out the best free pc games on the front page. Choose the one you like and click on the download button. It’s easy just like that! The computer games download straightaway without any use of 3rd party programs. And yes, they are free full games after download. They’re not demos; they’re free full games.
Different Genres to Cater to Your Need
All the games are sorted based on their genre. For example, if you want a racing game to download like Need for Speed, head on over to the Racing Games tab. You should see all sorts of car racing games for free download. Best of all, there are no limits to how many free downloadable games you want to have at once!
The Best New (and Classic) PC Games
The latest and greatest titles rest in our library. The most popular PC games, as well as retro free online computer games, are available to download here at Games.lol. Fun free PC games to download date from today all the way back to 2009 when casual F2P games started to boom.
Free Windows games always present itself as the “comfort food” for casual players. Here, we showcase top free PC games like a grand meal!
Single-player or Multiplayer: You Choose
Whether you’re looking for platform games to play on the computer or competitive multiplayer games on PC for free, Games.lol also has you covered! That also means you can cross-play with players online whether they play on PC or any other devices! Now that’s revolutionary in casual online computer games.
These games aren’t going to play themselves. Get them to your PC and download now!
We at Games.lol got the best of fun unblocked games for all ages! If you desire playing unblocked games for school, work or anywhere with strict internet access, we got you covered!
Gear up and go full metal jacket with our armor games; unblocked and ready to play directly on your com! Find the heaviest tank battles and iron-shattering robot games in this category.
Open your mind, diddle your noodle and test your IQ with our brain games! We got fun brain games for adults and for kids, which means there’s plenty of whiz for everyone. Logic, reflex, 3-match, strategy, whatever you want, we provide it.
Go wild and out as you play crazy games; free and unblocked from the clutches of strict internet access! These are over-the-top no-holds-barred whacked-out games that are a sure hit if you want to gameplay that engages you in ridiculous ways.
The best horror games are found here in Games.lol! If you dare to play the terrifying and the highly disturbing, we got free horror games to sate your thrills. Why pay for something to spook you when you can get it for free, right?
The wild is dangerous and if you want a game set in the outback or fight epic monsters, this is the place to be. Our library of the best free hunting games for kids and adults bring the outdoors right to your PC screen! Time to duke it out to see who dominates: man or beast.
Not to be confused with Horror Games, the category Scary Games is focused on titles that entice your fears including real-life wars, the apocalypse and the supernatural. But if you want spooks that are lighter for the younger audience, we have free scary games for kids as well! We hope you aren’t faint-hearted because we don’t hold back on the scariness.
We love sharks so much, we gave them their own category! Games.lol has an ample number of free shark games waiting for you to install and play. One of our most downloaded is the infamous Hungry Shark Evolution game.