Gamer Dan - Game Wikis and Guides
LifeAfter [Tips & Tricks] Easy Gold!
By Gaming-Grizzly A big thanks to Gaming-Grizzly for the information in the video above. Life After Tips and Tricks In this guide, we’ll go over seven easy ways to earn gold bars in Life After. Let’s start off with the first method. 1. More
[Azur Lane] Equipment Guide for Beginners
By Just3c Big thanks to Just3c for the information in the video above. Introduction The equipment system in Azur Lane is very complicated and using the right equipment in the right situation is the key to success in this game. In this video, I will...More
Epic Seven – All The Ways To Get Skystones
By Envy Big thanks to Envy for all the information in the video above. Ways to get Skystones There are plenty of ways to get Skystones within Epic Seven that don’t require using real money for them. Skystones are an important resource because they...More
[Grand Chase – Dimensional Chaser] Beginner’s Guide
Introduction Grand Chase – Dimensional Chaser (GCDC) is a Real time Strategy Action RPG mobile game. GCDC is free to play, however there are some game items that can be purchased via real money. Unlike any other “Gacha” games, GCDC is very F2P-friendly and you will find out why shortly. More
[Top 10] Upcoming RPG/GACHA Games of 2019!!
By Koolio Gaming Top Ten Upcoming RPG/Gacha Games of 2019 There have been a lot of mobile games released over the last few years and now that we’re heading into 2019 there are only going to be more. The video above and this list goes over 10...More
[Epic Seven] Mega Tips For New Players [Guide]
By PWARGaming A big thanks to PWARGaming for the video above. Be sure to watch it for all the detailed information given. Mega Tips for New Players EpicSeven is a Mobile Game that is still pretty new in its global release. And it’s popularity is only...More
Epic Seven Re-Roll Guide – How To Get That Perfect Start!
By MasKScarin Overview Be sure to watch the video above. This guide bases around the most effective way to Re-Roll your account. How To Get That Perfect Start The point of Re-Rolling your account is all based on having the best startup in terms of the...More
[Epic Seven] How To Level Up Fast And Promote Units!
By Mango Seven Overview Be sure to watch the video above. This guide goes over the fastest way to level enemies and promote Units. Note: Check out the a cool new fan site for Epic Seven that has all the individual character stats + some reviews!...More
Old School RuneScape Beginner’s Guide
Old School RuneScape The input mechanics are mainly point-and-click. The player controls a single character and can interact with NPCs, objects, and entities in the game world by left-clicking, or selecting an option from the object’s right-click menu, since many objects can offer more than one interaction option. Due to...More
5 [Simple Steps] to Get Rich in Roblox
Linkmon99 This guide is based on Linkmon99’s video. Be sure to watch it! 5 steps to getting Rich in ROBLOX If you’re tired of your ROBLOX account being less than wealthy then you’ve come to the right place. This guide is going to go over 5...More