SWGoH Relic Review: Kylo Ren (Unmasked)
Gaming-fans.com has been a staple in the Star Wars Galaxy of Heroes community since the beginning. From our Mod Guides and breaking news as a EA GameChanger to our Sith Raid Guide and more, our…Read More
Gaming-fans.com has been a staple in the Star Wars Galaxy of Heroes community since the beginning. From our Mod Guides and breaking news as a EA GameChanger to our Sith Raid Guide and more, our…Read More
Described in-game with “Use Kung to defend your Base or reinforce your allies,” Kung is one of the first RDA Commanders you open in Avatar: Pandora Rising. A Defender in the Soldier Class, Kung is…
Let’s assume you know the basics about Avatar: Pandora Rising, the Na’vi and RDA Commanders, Commander types, how to build a basic deck, buildings upgrades, troops to level. How do you get powerful without breaking…
Gaming-fans.com has been a staple in the Star Wars Galaxy of Heroes community since the beginning. From our Mod Guides and breaking news as a EA GameChanger to our Sith Raid Guide and more, our…
Gaming-fans.com has been a staple in the Star Wars Galaxy of Heroes community since the beginning. From our Mod Guides and breaking news as a EA GameChanger to our Sith Raid Guide and more, our…
FoxNext Games, the developers behind Avatar: Pandora Rising, has announced that there will not be a Sacred Site event this weekend, October 19th. Sacred Site battles, which take place on Saturdays and pit alliances against…
Avatar: Pandora Rising, the newest mobile title from FoxNext games in Los Angeles, is now available for download on Android and iOS in Canada. Already available in New Zealand and the Philippines, players get the…
Welcome to another article in a series about Star Wars Galaxy of Heroes where we take a look at the best mods for SWGoH characters. While I do not claim to have all of the answers in this…
Gaming-fans.com has been a staple in the Star Wars Galaxy of Heroes community since the beginning. From our Mod Guides and breaking news as an EA GameChanger to our Sith Raid Guide and more, our…
Described in-game with “Send Lunapey to gather at Beanstalk Forests. She gives Puffball Tree a big boost when defending in battles.” An herbalist from the Tawkami clan, Lunapey is a Rare gatherer of Beanstalk who…