If you've not purchased from us before, you've just discovered a well-kept secret that gardeners in the know have been enjoying for years. We've built our business from a small concern into a fully-fledged wing of the UK's horticultural gardening army; supplying all types of people our plants. From TV shows and celebrities, garden designers and professional landscapers to keen amateur gardeners and people just brightening their surroundings at home, we are here to help. We are all about the plants here at Gardening Express - turning the yawning into lawning so to speak.
Our web site contains an amazing array of garden plants and flowers, perfect for your beds and borders, hanging baskets and patio containers. There’s Roses, Bamboos and Grasses too, not to mention hedging and screening plants, fruit trees such as apples, pears, cherry, plum and even fig. We also grow an extensive range of hardy herbaceous perennials, ferns, shrubs and climbers, Clematis, Hydrangea and Lavender Plants being some of the favourites. Don’t miss our Acers either, Japanese Maples are one of our specialities. Palms, Buxus Box Topiary, Bay Trees, Olives and Specimen plants can also be found here. All in all we grow thousands upon thousands of hardy plants right here on our Essex nursery that spans in excess of 14 acres – that’s a lot of plants!
Garden Plants, Shrubs, Trees, Patio Plants and more, they're all our thing. The cornerstones of our business are quality, service and value for money. We have our own nurseries growing plants but also work closely with other plants people from around the gardening world to offer you the very best new and exclusive plants, old favourites and exactly what's on trend right now. We've even been trusted to supply plants to designers and exhibitors at high profile RHS Flower Shows, BBC Gardeners World live, the Corporation of London, Celebrity Chefs, Stately homes and many more.
Gardening Express - Leading UK gardening website specialising in plants and garden accessories. Gardening Express, Chelmsford, Essex, CM1 4UA. UK.
For customer support please click here. Please note we do not operate a telephone support service.