We like to see Australians enjoying all that Japan has to offer. We're passionate about supporting exchange with Japan not only through travel, but also by welcoming Japanese culture into our lifestyles at here at home in Australia, which is what G'Day Japan! is all about.
Salad is a staple in a healthy eating habit but there isn’t a lot of variations to it. To save you from getting bored of the same old salad, we’ve put together some recipes and. Tips in creating a Japanese salad! Using Japanese salad dressings and ingredients, you can create a Japanese style, healt… Read More
Thinking about an extended ski holiday in Hakuba Valley? We have a great deal for you. You can save with this deal and spend it on a nice accommodation or for after ski activities!
So what is the deal?
To mark the 5th anniversary of the All-Mountain Season Pass in Hakuba, to express their gratit… Read More
The Japanese Curry Rice
Curry is a very popular food in Japan, often referred to as a national signature food. According to survey, curry is also one of the most popular menu items for lunches at Japanese primary and junior high school; it's a dish that people of all age groups love and enjoy.
… Read More
The Australian summer is coming to an end with cooler nights and a growing apatite for something delicious and soupy. If we were in Japan, it'll be around the time when we pull out the table top stove to get 'Nabe season' started. Sydney's number 1 Japanese supermarket, Tokyo Mart shared with us th… Read More
We interviewed a Sake specialist in Sydney!
We recently visited Tokyo Mart in Sydney's north, where you can satisfy all of your Japanese food and lifestyle needs!
This time we got to speak to Mr. Iwamoto, an expert on Sake who spoke to us with much passion and knowledge.
On the types… Read More
Salad is a staple in a healthy eating habit but there isn’t a lot of variations to it. To save you from getting bored of the same old salad, we’ve put together some recipes and. Tips in creating a Japanese salad! Using Japanese salad dressings and ingredients, you can create a Japanese style, healt… Read More
Shikoku is an island of Japan, located to the southwest of Tokyo. Its name means four countries, and as the name suggests, it is made up of four prefectures; Tokushima, Kagawa, Kochi and Ehime.
Shikoku came in the second one of the top Asian destination in Lonely Planet’s Best in the Asia Pacifi… Read More
Nagano City is just a 90 minutes bullet train ride from Tokyo station, making it easy to access not only from Tokyo but also from many other exciting tourism spots. The Hotel Metropolitan Nagano is directly connected to the JR Nagano Station Building, so you can go straight to the hotel without eve… Read More
Up to 20% off discount for your rental in Hakuba!
Located at the foot of a 360° panoramic mountain range in Nagano Prefecture, Hakuba Village is an adventurous outdoor activity resort sought after by tourists at all times of the year. Hakuba is a one massive ski resort that features seven ne… Read More
G'DAY JAPAN! SPECIAL DISCOUNT PRICE
Entrance Fee: ¥8,000 per person → ¥6,000 per person
Meal Fee: ¥1,000/¥1,500 per person
JTNDcCUyMHN0eWxlJTNEJTIydGV4dC1hbGlnbiUzQSUyMGNlbnRlciUzQiUyMiUzRSVFMiU4NiU5MyUyNm5ic3AlM0IlRTIlODYlOTMlMjZuYnNwJTNCJUUyJTg2JTkzJTI2bmJzcCUzQiUyMEJPT0slMjBESVNDT1VOVCUyMFR… Read More
Thinking about an extended ski holiday in Hakuba Valley? We have a great deal for you. You can save with this deal and spend it on a nice accommodation or for after ski activities!
So what is the deal?
To mark the 5th anniversary of the All-Mountain Season Pass in Hakuba, to express their gratit… Read More
Tips from travel experts!
Who doesn't want to maximise time on their holiday? Start off your holiday right by first dropping off your bags at GPA at Narita Airport. You'll be saving time from the get go without having to carry your luggage around.
Travelling by train is the easiest way to get to … Read More
Just two and a half hours from the centre of the world’s largest metropolis of Tokyo, winter sports loving visitors to Oze Iwakura Resort will be thrilled to find Kanto’s largest ski resort. The resort is also accessible from JR Nagano Station by bullet train over the same amount of travel time… Read More
The Japanese Curry Rice
Curry is a very popular food in Japan, often referred to as a national signature food. According to survey, curry is also one of the most popular menu items for lunches at Japanese primary and junior high school; it's a dish that people of all age groups love and enjoy.
… Read More
Tokyo city is full of towering buildings, but did you know there are two rivalling towers there?
Image via Klook
Both Tokyo Tower and Tokyo Skytree are free standing broadcasting towers. They are both quite tall and visitors can take a long elevat…Read More