|1. How to install MySQL Server 8 on Windows
This article is a step-by-step guide on how to install MySQL Server 8 with screenshots on Windows 10.
2. How to do text search in MS Access programmatically
Commonly there are 3 ways to do text comparison in MS Access VBA - InStr function, StrComp function, Option Compare Statement.
3. Solved - fix Windows sleep mode problem
After upgrading to Windows 7, 8, 10, many Windows users experience the repeated problem where the computer goes into sleep mode after 2 minutes idle. This article shows a couple of ways to fix the problem for good.
4. How to resolve Apache web server port 80 access problem
This article shows detailed steps about how to resolve Apache web server start-up problem.
5. Solved - the size of the Access query result is larger than the maximum size of a database (2 GB)
This tutorial shows you how to manage the Access query when the size of the query result is larger than the maximum size of a database (2 GB).
6. Failed to play test tone
This article shows you the detailed steps to fix Windows 8 Pro sound problem "Failed to play test tone".
7. How to easily get a list of field names in MS Access
This article shows the easiest way to get a list of field names in a MS Access table.
8. How to count distinct records in MS Access
This article demonstrates a few tips about counting distinct records in MS Access.
9. How to do transaction based processing in MS Access
This article explains how to do database transactional operations inside MS Access by using VBA.
10. Get single records when duplicate records exist
Here is a SQL tip about how to get single records when duplicate records exist in a table.
11. Find duplicate values or non-duplicate values in a table
Tips for retrieving duplicated and non-duplicated values in Oracle.
12. How to open a document (local/network file or web page) from MS Access
This article shows three VBA functions that can be used to open a file or web page by MS Access.
13. How to use ADOX to create unique composite index - the VBA approach
This article is a must-read for VBA coders to learn how to create unique composite index by using ADOX in Access.
14. How to do cross-table update queries in MS Access - the right way
This article shows a great tip about how to avoid the common error when MS Access executes cross-table update queries.
15. Three efficient ways to get the number of records by using VBA
Here are three efficient ways to get the number of records in VBA.
16. How to create a composite unique index (not as a primary key) in MS Access
Do you know how to create a composite unique index that is not a primary key in MS Access?
17. The free tools I use to build PHP and MySQL websites
This article lists the free software I have used to build PHP and MySQL driven websites on my Windows machine.
18. Use VBA to get the correct number of records in a Recordset object
This article explains why the RecordCount property of ADO Recordset object returns -1 and how to get the correct count from it.
19. How to get Top 1 record from Oracle by using PL/SQL
This article explains how to use Oracle function to select the top 1 record from Oracle by using PL/SQL.
20. How to get Top N rows from Oracle by using SQL
To get top N records from Oracle is tricky and there are basically three ways to get them by using Oracle SQL.
21. Convert MS Access Northwind database to Oracle
In this article, we are going to convert the popular Microsoft Access Northwind database to Oracle. Many of the database objects like constraints, index, auto number, etc., are migrated to relevant Oracle objects.
Inside this article:
22. Disable Access Prompt when a record is changed, table deleted, or action queries run
You can turn off Access prompt when record is changed, table deleted, or action queries run.
23. How to hide and unhide a MS Access object
You can hide and unhide a MS Access object (Tables, Queries, Forms, Reports, Pages, Macros, Modules) in the query navigation pane.
24. How to permanently erase a file from disk to make it unrecoverable.
Deleting files insecurely could result in privacy concerns or stolen data by a third party. This article shows how to erase them forever.
25. How to recover a deleted file from a formatted disk (USB, hard disk, etc.)
What if you want to recover the deleted files after the Recycle Bin is emptied or the disk is formatted?
26. How to do cross table update in Oracle
This article shows you 4 ways to do cross table update in Oracle.
27. How to return multiple values from a VBA function (Part 3)
This article shows you how to return multiple values from a VBA function by using recordset and VBA class.
28. How to return multiple values from a VBA function (Part 2)
This article shows you how to return multiple values from a VBA function by using array, CSV, and user-defined type.
29. How to return multiple values from a VBA function (Part 1)
This article shows you how to return multiple values from a VBA function by using By Reference argument, collection, and dictionary object.
30. How to install and show classic Windows Explorer and Start Menu on Windows 7 and 8
This article shows you how to install classic Windows Explorer and Start Menu on Windows 7 and Windows 8.
31. Three ways to programmatically duplicate a table in MS Access by VBA
This article shows you how to use VBA code to duplicate an existing table in MS Access.
32. Java / JSP lost session value on redirect - FIXED
My JSP page and the Java servlet kept losing session values on a login page and the browser sent me back to the login page after first login attempt but subsequent logins were fine...
33. Steps to install PHP 5.x on Windows as a development machine
This article details how to install PHP 5 on Windows as part of a WAMP development environment.
34. How to install Apache 2.x web server on Windows
This article illustrates step-by-step how to install Apache 2 web server on Windows as a development computer.
35. How to connect two different versions of MySQL server on the same computer
This article shows you how to access multiple versions of MySQL server from MySQL client tool SQLyog as well as how to access them by PHP.
36. How to configure MySQL server 5.1 on Windows
This article provides step-by-step server configuration guide for MySQL 5.1 on Windows as a development box. Assumed that you don't already have another instance of MySQL server installed on your PC.
37. How to install MySQL server 5.1 on Windows with screenshots
This article provides step-by-step installation guide for MySQL 5.1 on Windows as a development machine.
38. Two useful features of 7-Zip
Here are the two useful 7-Zip features that are often overlooked by people like me.
39. How to make your computer run faster and last longer
Do you want your computer run faster and last longer? Read this article to see practical guide from personal experience.
40. Create a DLL by CSharp or VB.Net for VBA
How to create C# or VB.Net DLLs to be used by Access VBA, Excel VBA, or VB6 applications.
41. How to correctly reference and call a DLL
How to reference and call C# or VB.Net DLLs in Access VBA, Excel VBA, or VB6 applications.
42. How to register a C# or VB.Net DLL
How to register C# or VB.Net DLLs for Access VBA, Excel VBA, or VB6 applications.
43. Email address validation by Regular Expressions using VBA
If your application in MS Access or Excel needs to deal with email addresses, you may need a way to validate them. The best way to validate email addresses is to use Regular Expressions in VBA.
44. How to load IP addresses for countries into your MySQL database
It's sometimes handy if you have all the IP country information hosted within
your own database table. This article will talk about how to load IP-country data into your own MySQL database table on your website.
45. Choose Good Passwords That You Can't Remember
You may have read articles about how to choose good passwords that is easy for you to remember but hard for hackers to guess. There is one problem with this approach...
46. Fix MS Access error: Query must have at least one destination field
I have had tolerated this MS Access error "Query must have at least one destination field." for so long and finally I decided to do something about it.
47. Convert DVD Movie to AVI file in 6 simple steps
Converting VOB file (DVD based movie format) to AVI file has never been so easy with this free and powerful tool.
48. Why MP3 disk does not play in your car CD player
Do you make audio disc the right way? Read this article to find what can go wrong with it.
49. How to convert video to audio with ease
My search for a free and powerful video to audio converter started a couple of months ago when I downloaded some music videos from Youtube but wanted to play them on the CD player in my car. The search ended up with the free and open source software ...
50. How to download web videos (Youtube, Metacafe, etc) to play on your computer
There are many software (free or paid) available to save internet videos. Some tools are standalone applications and some are web browser based or website based online tools. The one I have been using is a Firefox add-on called ...
51. Fix the problem with PHP5 XML removeChild() method
I recently needed to use PHP XML DOM extension for a project. It started smoothly as I'm familiar with Microsoft XML DOM which is based on W3C standard and PHP XML DOM extension is based on the same standard. The initial joy only lasted for two days and I ran into a three-day headache of desperately
trying to make the removeChild() method work.
52. How to upgrade from PHP4 to PHP5
A project that I was working on recently required the use of PHP5 XML Dom extension, but
I still had PHP4 running on my Windows development box and I needed to upgrade it to PHP5. After
battling with it for a couple of hours, I finally got it up and running.
53. How to install Ubuntu from USB drive
The standard approach of installing Ubuntu desktop operating system is burning and booting an installation CD.
This has been detailed in How to install Ubuntu Desktop article.
If you have trouble burning and/or booting from CDs, or you don't want to burn a CD,
Ubuntu or other Linux distributions can be created and installed from a USB drive.
Here I listed the essential steps for creating a bootable Ubuntu installation USB drive.
54. How to install Ubuntu Desktop
Nowadays people start to explore and use Linux on their older computers because Linux is much leaner than Windows
and so suitable for older computers. Another important reason is that Linux is free to download and use. Among the
many different Linux hybrids to choose from, Ubuntu is currently the most popular Linux desktop distribution.
55. How to integrate PHP HTML Help .chm file with Crimson Editor
A common feature of an Integrated Development Environment (IDE) is opening a relevant topic in
help system by pressing a function key such as F1 when a word is selected in the IDE.
Crimson Editor has made this extremely flexible.61. How to use Windows Task Scheduler to automate computer tasks
56. How to Unselect MS Access Radio Buttons (Option Group)
Radio buttons are useful MS Access user interface control element in Access Forms design. It is useful in that there is
only one radio button can be selected at any time. So when you need the user to select only one choice from
a group of options, use radio button. To create a group of radio buttons in Access, use the Option Group control.
57. How to make AutoPlay take a particular action when the device is connected to computer
How many times you have selected "Open folder to view files" when connecting a USB stick to your computer (Windows XP in particular).
This AutoPlay prompt is just annoying. Would it be nice if you don't have to select anything and the USB drive is automatically opened for file viewing?
58. How to resize one or more photos (in batch) with Microsoft freeware
Many times the photos taken by digital cameras are too large for storage on digital photo frame, attaching to emails, or
used on a website. It's very common that you will want to resize a photo or all the photos inside a folder
for a batch processing. There are quite a few image resizing software on the internet to download. Microsoft Image Resizer is one of them.
59. How to Change Query Timeout Value for MS Access SQL Queries
By default, query timeout value in MS Access is 60 seconds. This value can be changed at three different levels. Each level is effective for a specific scope of queries.
60. How to protect your files and folders with highly secure encryption software
Have you ever wondered how you could safely protect a few folders and all files in these folders? You may
have tried to zip these folders and files into one single file with password protection - let me tell you, there
are better ways to do it. In this article, we'll go through the steps to encrypt your folders and files
with free and open source encryption software TrueCrypt.
Inside this article:
Windows 2000 (XP or greater) comes with Task Scheduler Service that can be used to enable a script, executable program, or a document to run at a designated time. It's like cron jobs on a Unix/Linux server.
Inside this article:
62. How to use free FTP program FileZilla
FileZilla Client is a free, reliable, and open source FTP client software with cross-platform support for as many features as possible. If you maintain a website, you need FTP client software to upload files to your website and download files from your website to your local computer.
Inside this article:
63. How to load time zone data for MySQL on Windows
MySQL provides developers with a rich set of Date and Time functions. One of the functions is CONVERT_TZ which converts a datetime value from one time zone to another. This function can use named time zones such as 'MET' or 'Europe/Moscow' from the time zone information tables in system database called mysql.
64. How to Connect to a MySQL Database from PHP
To build a MySQL database-driven web application in PHP, the very first thing you need to do is connect to a
MySQL database. With only 6 lines of code, you can easily kick start your dynamic website development.
65. Use MySQL String Functions to Build ASCII Character Chart
This article shows you how to create an 94 ASCII printable characters chart (excluding the space character) by using MySQL string functions. These characters number from 33 to 126 in decimal base-10 number system.
66. How to create include path for PHP (five ways to do it)
One thing that people often complain about PHP is that there are always more than one way to do the same thing in PHP. This is very true for PHP includes. Here are 5 ways to create PHP include path.
67. How to use Date and Time data as integer value in PHP and MySQL
When it comes to storing date and time data in MySQL, sometimes it is more convenient to store the equivalent integer data rather than storing the data as date or datetime data type. The main reason to do so is related to easiness of data computation and comparison, data portability, and increased query performance
with indexes on integer columns.
68. How to use Apache Virtual Host to run multiple local websites on Windows
With a little bit modifications in Apache's configuration file httpd.conf and Windows hosts file, you can set up and run multiple local websites on one Apache server in a WAMP environment.
69. How to install PEAR on your shared web hosting account
After you install PEAR on Windows for development use, you will eventually need to install it on your web hosting account for production use. There are two choices when installing PEAR.
Inside this article:
70. How to install PEAR on Windows
PEAR stands for PHP Extension and Application Repository, which is a collection of PHP reusable classes. Using PEAR can save you great amount of time to code something that other people already coded, tested, and used. For example, if you need a HTML form validation routine, PEAR has it in its Validate Package.
71. How to use PHP and Microsoft SMTP Virtual Server to send emails on Windows
IIS has a built-in SMTP Virtual Server that can be used by PHP mail() function to send emails. If you are connected to Internet, emails will be sent out.
If your computer doesn't have Internet connection, you can still use it to send emails but instead actually sending out emails, they will be stored in C:\Inetpub\mailroot\Queue folder...
72. How to install PHP on Windows as part of WAMP installation
PHP, which stands for "PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor" is a widely-used Open Source general-purpose scripting language that is especially suited for Web development. Its syntax draws upon C, Java, and Perl, and is easy to learn. The main goal of the language is to allow web developers to write dynamically generated webpages quickly, but you can do much more with PHP.
73. Step by step guide on how to install Apache web server on Windows
This article illustrates step by step guide on how to install Apache web server on Windows as a development computer. Apache 1.3 was used for installation. Detailed configurations are included.
74. Northwind Traders database
Northwind Traders Access database is a sample database that shipped with Microsoft Office suite. The Northwind database contains the sales data for a fictitious company called Northwind Traders, which imports and exports specialty foods from around the world. You can use and experiment with Access with Northwind database while you're learning and develop ideas for Access.
75. Absolute Path and Relative Path Explained
When you link to a page on the same website, you can use either absolute path
or relative path of the current page location. There are advantages of not using full version of absolute path. Click here to find out.
76. How To Drive Free Targeted Website Traffic By Link Exchange
Link Exchange is the process of exchanging hyperlinks with other websites that are ideally somehow related to your company's product or service. If you spend time to exchange links with hundreds or thousands of quality websites, targeted traffic will come to your site anyway. At the end of the day, targeted traffic rules and your effort will be paid off very well in the medium and long run.
Inside this article:
77. The Difference Between Dynamic URLs and Static URLs
Dynamic URLs and static URLs are important factor in terms of search engine optimization. Here the differences between them are identified. After reading this article, you should be able to have a clear idea about the differences and make sound decisions.
78. How To Choose A Good Domain Name
Registering a domain name is easy and cheap but choosing a good domain name can be tricky. If you want to kick start your online presence, do it right from the beginning.
79. How To Find Out Everything You Want To Know About A Website
For any online business, competitor analysis is an integral part of online marketing and site promotion overall strategies. In this article, I list some of the most commonly used free tools for website analysis.
80. Robots Meta HTML Tag Syntax Explained
Using robots meta html tag, you can control at page level how search engine
robots should index, follow links, or cache a specific page. This page lists all the combinations of syntax for follow, nofollow, index, noindex.
81. What If You Don't Want Your Pages To Be Crawled and Cached by Search Engines
Some website owners have pages that they want to hide from general public. This article shows you how to best hide it from the not just public but also search engines.
82. What Robots.txt is And Search Engine Robots Explained
Search engine robots are also called search engine spiders, search engine crawlers , etc. These robots are human written software programs that can automatically
and constantly visit millions of websites everyday and include
what they find into search engine databases.
83. The Right Domain Name Drives More Website Traffic
There is no doubt that many search engines factor the words you use in your domain name and web page URLs into website ranking algorithm in search results - underscores in domains are treated as letters while treating
hyphens are viewed more like space
84. Things to Consider Before Signing Up Your Web Hosting Account
There have been many stories about losing website traffic because of frequent website downtime. Choosing a good hosting company is your first step to online success. The only way to evaluate a host is by research, research, and research. Consider the following points and find out more about each.
85. How to fine-tune HTML table structure to speed up page download time
There are many ways to speed up a web page's load time. Using proper HTML table layout is one of the easy ones to improve. In this article, it shows you how to make a page load fast both visually and physically.
86. How to install two different versions of MySQL server on the same PC
A computer can run more than one instance of MySQL server with different versions. This article provides a step-by-step server configuration guide for MySQL 4.1 (release 4.1.18) on Windows as a development box when there is already another instance of different version of MySQL server installed.
87. How to configure MySQL server 4.1 on Windows
This article provides step-by-step server configuration guide for MySQL 4.1 (release 4.1.18) on Windows as a development box. Assumed that you don't already have another instance of MySQL server installed on your PC.
88. A MD5 checksum file generated by freeware FileCheckMD5
This is a MD5 checksum file created by freeware FileCheckMD5. This file is used to test data integrity of all files on a CD-ROM.
89. How to use freeware FileCheckMD5 to create a checkfile and verify data integrity of a CD burning process
This article shows you how to use freeware FileCheckMD5 to verify data integrity of a CD burning process. This applies to any other forms of file and folder backups and copies.
90. What is checksum and how to calculate and use checksum values
Checksum is a calculated value that is used to determine the integrity of data. The sender of the data calculates checksum value by taking the sum
of the binary data transmitted. When receiving the data, the receiver can perform the same calculation on the data and compare it with the checksum value provided by the sender.
If the two values match, the receiver has a high degree of confidence that the data was received correctly. Checksum value is
also called hash value.
91. How to install MySQL server 4.1 on Windows with screenshots
This article provides step-by-step installation guide for MySQL 4.1 (release 4.1.18) on Windows as a development machine. Other releases of MySQL which are higher than 4.1 should have similar installation process.
92. How to set up MySQL DSN in ODBC Data Source Administrator on Windows
You can use ODBC Data Sources to access data stored in a variety of DBMS such as MS SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL, and many others. To access data in a ODBC-compliant DBMS database, you must add software components called drivers to your system. ODBC Data Source Administrator helps you add and configure these drivers.
93. How to export Northwind Access database to MySQL
In this article, we are going to export the popular Microsoft Access Northwind database to MySQL database by using MySQL ODBC Driver. After the migration, you will be able to use MySQL Northwind to explore the rich functionalities of working with MySQL.
Inside this article:
94. What is index.dat file and how your internet privacy is affected
Many internet users never even heard about the existence of index.dat file. After reading this article, you should become at least aware of the potential privacy issues this file could expose you to.
95. What is keylogger and the differences between software and hardware keylogger
Keyloggers are two-edged swords. They can be used for good and bad, depending on how people use them and what the purpose is. Equipping yourself with knowledge about keyloggers is the best way to stop the bad and utilize it for the good.
96. Protect Your Computer On the Internet For Free - 6 Essential Steps
Step-by-step essentials that you can easily follow to protect your computer on the Internet for free. The best part is that all the tools and software are available for 100% FREE.
97. Free Password Manager KeePass - a feature rich, free, very secure, and easy-to-use
KeePass is a free/open-source password manager or safe which helps you to manage your passwords in a secure way. You can put all your passwords in one database, which is locked with one master key or a key-disk. So you only have to remember one single master password or insert the key-disk to unlock the whole database.
Inside this article:
98. Do you manage your username and password wisely?
A few years back I used MS Excel to manage all my usernames and passwords. I
thought I would just need to remember one password to open the Excel workbook
and I would get all the information I needed. The idea was good but not secure
enough.
99. Introduce Free Password Manager - Password Safe
Password Safe is a password database utility. It can keep track of unlimited
number of usernames / passwords and allows you to safely and easily maintain
them in a secured and encrypted file. A single Master Password unlocks them all
for your use.
|
|1. Convert BMP TO JPG
If you need to convert BMP files offline and convert by the thousands, you have the good news now - you can do the conversion offline on your computer with
a drag and drop and a single button click.
2. SyncBack Freeware
SyncBack Freeware is a free software that backs up & synchronizes files and directories.
3. MediaCoder - the Swiss army knife for media conversion
MediaCoder is my favorite media files conversion and transcoding tool of all times.
4. Recuva - file recovery tool
Recuva recovers files deleted from your Windows computer, Recycle Bin, digital camera card, or MP3 player.
5. File Recovery - data recovery tool
File Recovery is a data recovery tool for Windows users. It can recover deleted files with the original time and date stamp (even when a header entry is no longer available), find lost drive, et.
6. CS-RCS - revision control solution
ComponentSoftware RCS (CS-RCS) is a powerful and reliable revision control solution.
CS-RCS monitors changes made in files that are accessed by stand-alone or networked workstations.
Based on the widely used GNU RCS (Revision Control System), CS-RCS is fully integrated with Windows.
It supports multi-platform workgroups, making it the ideal solution for sites that share common files
on UNIX and Windows platforms.
7. SyncToy - synchronization and backup tool
SyncToy is a free Windows solution that can help you synchronize, copy, backup and maintain
folders of files on your computers. There are many ways to copy files in a Windows environment.
However, SyncToy is faster, easier to configure, more transparent, and easier to use.
8. MediaCoder Audio Edition - convert audio files
MediaCoder Audio Edition is an audio transcoding tool based on MediaCoder full version.
It nicely integrates many audio codecs and tools into an all-in-one software.
9. InfraRecorder - CD/DVD burning solution
InfraRecorder is a free CD/DVD burning solution for Microsoft Windows.
It offers a wide range of powerful features; all through an easy to use application interface and Windows Explorer integration.
10. bmpPacker - file encryption tool
bmpPacker is an encrypting software application that encrypts target file as a bitmap
graphic file with optional. The resulting file is a bitmap file which is 100% compatible to the
Windows BMP format.
11. Agent Ransack - the professional file searching utility
Agent Ransack is a free tool for finding files and information on your hard drive fast and efficiently.
When searching the contents of files Agent Ransack also displays the text found.
Users can then quickly browse the results without having to separately open each file!
12. PHP Manual in HTML format
The Windows HTML Help Edition of the PHP Manual is a stand-alone help file system that was
compiled from PHP online version of its help system. It is
available in a selection of languages and formats.
13. Crimson - my favorite source code editor
Crimson Editor is a completely free, professional, easy-to-use, very fast source code editor for Windows. If you are not a developer, you will also find
Crimson Editor is a very good replacement for Notepad.
14. ExamDiff - my favorite file comparison tool
ExamDiff is a freeware Windows based tool for visual file comparison. It has a number of simple and convenient features and are particularly useful for developers.
15. 7-Zip - my all time favorite Winzip type tool
7-Zip is a free but powerful file archiver with a high compression ratio. You can use it on any computer (including commercial organizations).
16. Easy Thumbnail - shrink and/or convert photos
Easy Thumbnails is a free software for converting images and scaling down (shrink) or scaling up
(enlarge) image copies from a wide range of popular image formats. The interface is intuitive to use
with browsing folders on the left-hand side pane and original image view and real-time preview of target image
on the right-hand side pane.
17. TopStyle Lite - CSS creation and editing
TopStyle Lite is a free, light-weight Cascading Style Sheet (CSS) creating and editing tool. It has many features that are sufficient for web design and development use. TopStyle Lite was primarily designed for use as an inline style editor from within third-party HTML editors. A color picker can be used to select colors anywhere on the computer screen.
18. TrueCrypt - powerful encryption tool
TrueCrypt is a software system for establishing and maintaining an on-the-fly-encrypted volume (data storage device). On-the-fly encryption means that data are automatically encrypted or decrypted right before they are loaded or saved, without any user intervention.
19. FileZilla Client - FTP tool
FileZilla Client is a free, reliable, and open source FTP client software with cross-platform support for as many features as possible. If you maintain a website, you need FTP client software to upload files to your website and download files from your website to your local computer.
FTP is an abbreviation for File Transfer Protocol, which is used to exchange and manipulate files over any TCP-based computer network.
20. Paint.Net - image and photo manipulation
Paint.NET is free image and photo manipulation software designed to be used on computers
that run Windows. It supports layers, unlimited undo, special effects, and a wide variety
of useful and powerful tools.
21. CCleaner - clean junk files and registry
CCleaner is a system optimization and privacy tool. It removes unused files from your system. It also cleans traces of your online activities and cleans your computer registry.