Must Do Coding Questions for Companies like Amazon, Microsoft, Adobe, …
As the placement season is back so are we to help you ace the interview. We have selected some most commonly asked and must do… Read More »
As the placement season is back so are we to help you ace the interview. We have selected some most commonly asked and must do… Read More »
This article contains a list of most asked questions from Operating Systems, Computer Networks and DBMS in the interviews of the top product based companies… Read More »
As the placement season is back so are we to help you ace the interview. We have selected some most commonly asked and must do… Read More »
Before moving onto the commonalities between GSM and Mobile IP, let’s go through brief discussion about these. 1. Mobile IP: Mobile IP is an extension… Read More »
Penetration Testing Execution Standard (PTES) is a penetration testing method.It was developed by a team of information security practitioners with the aim of addressing the… Read More »
Cucumber Testing: Cucumber testing is a software testing which uses the tool that supports Behavior Driven Development (BDD). It offers a way to write tests… Read More »
Do you want to learn more about Data Structures and Algorithms to help in your placement process? Or maybe you want to focus on your… Read More »
In my previous post, I explained my Power Programmer Interview Experience. This post is in continuation of the power programmer interview experience post. In case… Read More »
Oyo Rooms visited our college for recruitment by October 2019. CS, IT, ETCE, EE & IEE students attended the online round. Round 1: It was… Read More »
Media.net came to our campus for Site Reliability Engineer role. The selection process had MCQ round followed by socket programming round, and technical interview round… Read More »
Round 1: Coding Round There was one coding question and we have to solve in 3 hours( most of people know this very well) .… Read More »
Round 1:Round 1 consisted of online test on their own platform. The questions were from SQL, Linux Commands, Shell scripting, aptitude questions and some Data… Read More »
Airtel visited our campus for full time recruitment of final year students as profile of Software Engineer. The recruitment process is as follows:- Online Round:… Read More »
As soon as one gets to know about the campus drive in their college, number of questions start striking in the head of students. How… Read More »
Name – Abhinav Garg College Name – Jaypee institute of information technology , Sector 62,Noida Branch – CSE Company Name – Testbook (Navi Mumbai )… Read More »
Round 1: Online Coding Round (on Doselect platform): Given a number n, find sum of numbers between 2 and n (inclusive) whose binary representation is… Read More »
Prerequisite – Introduction of Ports in Computers 1. Serial Port: A serial port is an interface that is used for connecting the serial lines to… Read More »
The tools for monitoring Cassandra cluster include nodetool, Jconsole and Opscenter. All these tools for monitoring cluster works by communicating through JMX(Java Management Extension). In… Read More »