Haylou has just updated official Haylou Sports application used for managing your smart devices. With 1.0.2 Stable version it also received some new features along with bug fixes and other improvements. To get more information about it including release notes and APK insight click the link to open thread.
Xiaomi has just updated official Mi Fit application used for managing your smart devices. With 4.0.10 Stable version it also received some new features along with bug fixes and other improvements. To get more information about it including release notes and APK insight click the link to open thread.
This review will cover the Xiaomi Mijia LCD Blackboard which GeekDoing generously sent me from the new AliExpress store! I have the 13.5 inch version for the review, but there is a smaller 10 inch model available as well which would be slightly smaller offering potentially more portability. To get more information about it click the link to open review.
Xiaomi has just updated official Mi Fit application used for managing your smart devices. With 4.0.9 Stable version it also received some new features along with bug fixes and other improvements. To get more information about it including release notes and APK insight click the link to open thread.
The new Mijia night lights are really great and for such a simple design the product does more than I expected. The design is minimalist but pleasant and I can see these lights fitting into any kind of home environment and still looking good. To get more information about it click the link to open review.
Xiaomi has just updated official Mi Fit application used for managing your smart devices. With 4.0.8 Stable version it also received some new features along with bug fixes and other improvements. To get more information about it including release notes and APK insight click the link to open thread.
Xiaomi has just updated official Mi Fit application used for managing your smart devices. With 4.0.7 Stable version it also received some new features along with bug fixes and other improvements. To get more information about it including release notes and APK insight click the link to open thread.
Xiaomi has just updated official Mi Fit application used for managing your smart devices. With 4.0.6 Stable version it also received some new features along with bug fixes and other improvements. To get more information about it including release notes and APK insight click the link to open thread.
The box looks great and the attention to detail comes from the shiny coloured detailing on the 4 and the feature labels at the sides. Inside you immediately find the band, pre-installed into the strap this time. The charger is tucked under the top enclosure of the internal packaging and the manual is found in the bottom section. To get more information about it click the link to open review.
The bags are really well priced and come in a huge variety of colours. I went with Blue for everyday use and Orange for a brighter alternative. From the front the bags look really smart. However the only thing to note is they are very small. Just enough for everyday items like cameras, tablets, jumpers etc. You would not fit a laptop inside so this isn't an all purpose bag. To get more information about it click the link to open review.