Hi Welcome to Gem Rock Auctions. If you are looking for loose gemstones, gemstone rough, mineral specimens, Birthstones, Diamond, Sapphire, Rubies, or anything else to do with gemstones, you’ve come to the right place. Gem Rock Auctions is a global online marketplace where verified sellers from all over the world have been approved to sell authentic gemstones directly to you. We help you buy gemstones online and explain what to look for when buying gemstones in our Gemstone Encyclopedia. Gem Rock Auctions ensures that high-quality gemstone are being sold online and looks forward to being your solution for purchasing fine gems from around the world.
What makes us different to other websites selling gemstones? Most importantly, our Gemstone Sheriff program is unique to Gem Rock Auctions. It is the industry’s first program to review any gemstone sold online to make sure it’s natural. A panel of independent gemologists reviews any item upon customer requests. This program ensures a high level of item accuracy. We are proud to say that we have not sold a synthetic or man made gemstone since .
Second all of our sellers are handpicked and approved by the Gem Rock Auction team. The sellers must have extensive product knowledge, customer service skills, and they have to have a passion for the gemstone industry. Any vendor approved to sell on our website has been vetted in order to become one of our Verified Sellers.
Plus, we have no-reserve gem auctions available, also known as absolute auctions, where the sale will be awarded to the highest bidder. Alternatively, you’ll have the convenience of placing a bid or you can decide to “buy now” if you prefer. Our gemstones dealers are dedicated to providing you with every opportunity to make a wise and exciting purchase.
We have organized each Auction in to categories by gemstone so that it is easier to find the mineral you are looking for. For example, single faceted stones can be found under the Gemstones category and any rough material can be found under the Rough category.
There is a special category for matched Pairs of gems for sale because these can difficult to find when you’re customizing a specific piece of jewelry such as earrings. Specimens is a special category for items that are still in the rough state but are not suitable for faceting. These specimens are perfect for seeing how the natural stones form.
With the largest selection of Birthstones on the web you are sure to find the perfect gift at Gem Rock Auctions. Garnet will be the ideal present for that special person in your life with a January birthday, sapphires are for those born in September, and diamonds for the April birth month.
Birthstones are as symbolic as they are beautiful. You can incorporate them into necklaces, brooches, earrings, bracelets, and rings in both sophisticated and fun ways. Our many gemstones for sale will work perfectly as a gift beyond birthdays such as for anniversaries, collections, and if you are looking to design stunning jewelry.
Gemstones are a smart investment that has attracted people for centuries. Gemstones not only have a rich history and represent power, but they are eye-catching beauties, and are treasured collectables. The integrity of these precious stones is important to our gemstones dealers, as much as the seamless process of purchasing them. Whatever your reasons are for investing in gemstones, we’re dedicated to ensuring you get a quality selection to choose from and that you’re satisfied with your experience.
Find the ideal wholesale gemstones for your goals. Whether you’re a collector, jeweler, or giving someone you love a special gift, we welcome you to enjoy the tutorials that provide detailed information about buying gemstones for sale. Spend time on our site and learn more about what makes us a quality location for Gem Rock Auctions.
You are visiting a site on the Treasure Auctions Network. Visit any of our sister sites below and get started right away using your login details.
All sellers on Gem Rock Auctions must comply with our Verified Sellers program which ensures a high degree of industry knowledge, consistent refund policy and wholesale pricing.
The Gemstone Sheriff program allows our members to request an audit on any auction, which is completed by an independent Gemologist who assesses the accuracy of the item description and pictures.