The best brands connect with Genesys.
For delivering the best customer experience, 65 of the world’s top 100 brands choose Genesys.
See how these brands are connecting with customers to build relationships and loyalty.
Life happens.
So should great customer experience.
Put your customers first with the world’s #1 CX platform
Five reports, one conclusion:
Genesys cloud contact center leads the way.
Hear what customers are saying.
“Genesys is by far the most comprehensive customer experience solution being offered in the marketplace today…there is no other solution that I would bet my future on.”
Grayton E. Koenig, National Solutions Consultant
Voxai
“Genesys allows us to easily configure routing designs, forecast resources, and provides user-friendly, out-of-the-box reporting. As a result, we have increased employee efficiency and customer satisfaction.”
10 out of 10
Sharon Woodard, IT Service Desk Manager
Blue Cross Blue Shield of Tennessee
Solutions for service, marketing and sales.
Increase first contact resolution
See how you can get customers to the best resource the first time, on any channel, and ensure employees have the right tools and training for quick resolution.
Personalize customer experience
Turn customer experience into your advantage by anticipating customer needs, communicating how they choose on the channels they choose, and making it all personal.
Build a better infrastructure
Free up your IT team with a world-class contact center that automates administrative tasks while delivering the tools, analytics and technology designed to evolve with your business.
Differentiate your business
Make the right impression with a personalized experience across all channels. Get customers immediately to the best resource to resolve issues and deliver campaign messaging.
Improve communication
Increase employee collaboration and the effectiveness of your internal communications to better align your teams, deliver relevant information at the right time and improve metrics.
Increase productivity
Get more from your workforce with the right training and productivity tools. Use analytics to gain insights into where you have gaps, and then act on that knowledge.
Increase lead quality
Mine call recordings and customer data for better understanding of customer buying behaviors, and use these insights to enhance messaging and offers and deliver better leads.
Proactively engage customers
Reach out to customers through their preferred channel—from email to social media or webchat—to engage, message and accelerate lead conversions.
Accelerate lead distribution
Use innovative lead management tools to more accurately assess, qualify and distribute leads quickly to the best reps to move them forward.
Act quickly
Get your hottest leads to your best closers immediately with a routing engine that automatically distributes leads to the best rep to convert the customer.
Reach out to prospects
Increase conversion rates with an automated outbound program that proactively delivers timely, relevant and contextual messages to prospects on their preferred channels.
Win more deals
Gain real-time insights into customer trends and behavior and give your reps the information they need for more success in acquisition, up-sell and win-back situations.