The perfect lightweight theme for your next project.
Downloads
Active websites
Happy customers
How does it work?
Take a look at our quick 3-minute video.
Performance Focused
We take speed, security & usability seriously.
Secure & Stable
Our code has been independently reviewed by leaders in the WordPress community, and uses the latest and most stable coding standards.
Less Than 30KB
We believe your sites should start with the smallest footprint possible. That’s why a default WordPress install with our theme is less than 30kb.
Top-Tier Speeds
Speed is one of the most important aspects of your website. Thanks to our tiny footprint and clean code, we make sure you start off as fast as possible.
No Dependencies
If it’s not needed, we don’t load it. That includes jQuery, which we ditched for clean, vanilla javascript. No more render blocking issues!
Search Engine Optimized
Validated HTML, built in schema.org structured data and lightning fast load times. We give you a head start with search engines before you even add content.
Accessibility Ready
Accessibility is crucial to your website. We follow WCAG 2.0 standards to make sure no one is left out when browsing your website.
User Friendly Features
Take full control of your website.
Colors & Typography
Adjust the theme colors and typography directly in the Customizer. Our premium version extends this, giving you styling options for nearly every visible element.
Layout Control
Take control of your site layout on desktop and mobile with our layout controls, including things like padding, margins, sidebar layouts and much more!
Page Builder Friendly
Have a favorite page builder? It will work great with GeneratePress. Let your page builder take control by using our per page layout controls.
Plugin Compatible
Thanks to our obsession with WordPress coding standards, you can rest easy knowing your favorite plugins will play nice with our theme.
Hooks & Filters
Need to extend something that doesn’t have an option? There’s a filter for that. There’s no limit to what you can do with our extensive list of filters and hooks.
Translation & RTL
Our theme is translated into over 20 languages and counting thanks to contributions from our amazing community. We also fully support RTL languages.
Our Users Love Us
Over 800 5 star reviews on WordPress.org.
So happy I found GeneratePress. It’s been my framework for over a year, maybe 2 years. It gets better and better all the time. Loads of hooks and filters for dev work, and all the basics covered for the non-coders too.
I’m always looking for ways to optimise my processes and improve efficiencies across the team. GeneratePress has become a crucial part of our technology stack. And I know hundreds of our WP Elevation members love it too.
GeneratePress is my go to theme for all of my own and client projects. It has proven to be a fast, lightweight and reliable foundation for the websites I build. With GP Premium, my clients were always happy how easy it is to change important parts without relying on others. A solid foundation for your website with a solid team behind it!
Being a WordPress performance enthusiast, I require my sites to load as fast as possible. That means using the lightest, most powerful theme I have encountered: GeneratePress. Tom's incredible support and rich features provide the best possible foundation for any WordPress project.