Add what you know, then invite your relatives to add the missing pieces. Seamlessly collaborate on a single shared tree with as many family members as you like.
Everyone's related. Geni users have already created over 200 million profiles. Instead of repeating their research, you can share it and connect your trees together.
Our automatic tree matches let you discover cousins who are researching the same shared ancestors that you are. Connect to new relatives easily to collaborate and share research.
Upload and store your family photos, videos, records, and sources on Geni. We make it easy to organize them by person or event and to share them with your relatives.
Thank you Geni! I have gone from not knowing anything about
my father or his family to finding a whole tree of family.
David Gillies, via Facebook
Start your own family tree on @geni. It is so easy, quick and fun to use.
You'll start to compile your tree in no time!
@ladwasagar, via Twitter
Best genealogy site ever!
Giancarlo Oppermann, via Google +
I love your site. This is what I have been looking for for a very long time.
Plus, it's simple and very helpful.
Wendy Smith-Villegas, via Facebook
Families use Geni to work together on their shared family history, to stay in touch with family members, and be reminded of family birthdays and anniversaries.
Genealogists use Geni to collaborate with others on family history research.
Historians use Geni for documenting historical profiles and finding important family connections between historical figures.
Developers use Geni to build applications using data for over 200 million profiles contributed by 13 million users.
Geni users are very active in discussions, where topics range from collaboration to help for beginners. A wealth of genealogy knowledge is shared in the discussions, and this is a great place for new users to get a feel for what Geni can offer.
View Geni's Genealogy Discussions
Our Projects feature provides a workspace for genealogists with similar interests to collaborate, share learnings, and discuss challenges and discoveries. Projects can exist for specific lineages, surnames, broad interests, and much more.
View Geni's Genealogy Projects
Surname pages allow users to quickly discover profiles, document, projects, or discussions where that surname is tagged. Surname pages are crowd-sourced, so every Geni member can contribute to the "About" text for any given surname.
Explore Geni's Surname Pages
Our frequently updated blog is a portal for learning about new features on Geni, discovering interesting profiles and projects, and getting to know notable members of the Geni community. Follow the blog by subscribing via RSS, liking Geni on Facebook, or following Geni on Twitter.
Read our Genealogy Blog
Geni offers the world's largest completely open and completely free API for genealogy data
See your Geni data at work in many complimentary mobile, web, and desktop applications