Not through words. Through moments. Memories. Glimpses of pure emotion—unfiltered and unexpected. That’s where the magic happens. We capture it all as your love story unfolds on your big day. Because some moments are too special to put into words. That’s how we picture it.
Since 2004, we’ve been playing matchmaker, pairing real-life couples with their perfect photographer to document that cloud-nine, once-in-a-lifetime feeling, photo by photo. After the confetti lands, the cake is cut and and the sparklers fade, your photos are the one lasting piece of proof that this unbelievable night really happened. And yes, it was as incredible as you remember it. Through our lens, we see the heart of you and tell a compelling story with photojournalistic wedding photography.
Our community of professional photographers and videographers are as talented and creative as they are passionate. We’re as giddy photographing our next wedding as we were for our first. It’s a new story to tell, a new connection to capture. We are obsessively observant and believe that it’s the combination of personal details, grand gestures and spontaneous moments that make your day truly yours—and we know how to capture it all. Although we specialize in photojournalistic style, each of our talent members has their own unique aesthetic. They’re as one-of-a-kind as your big day.
We love the genuine expression of candid moments most of all, but we take the time to really understand your vision and work tirelessly to capture photos that far surpass your Pinterest dreams. We understand and embrace the truth that every wedding is unique as the two people saying ‘I do.’ Your photos are a reflection of your personal journey and celebration.
Best of all, we’re right in your neighborhood. Our far-reaching network of professional photojournalists and videographers works in every corner of the country. Whether you’re a city dweller, country soul or somewhere in between, we’re intimately familiar with all the best places to shoot in your town—both iconic and under the radar.
So how do you pinpoint just the right photographer? Browse our library of portfolios in one central spot and choose the one that sends your heart aflutter. Before you commit to just one, first narrow down your options with our easy tools like the photo style test.
We know planning—photography included—can feel overwhelming. But stress not. We hold your hand every step of the way, answering your questions about wedding photography, style and timing, so you feel confident going into your big day. Count on us to coordinate your wedding photography and video needs, so you can focus on deciding every last event detail, from vows to cake. That’s the fun stuff, after all.
Our expertise extends far beyond the camera. We have an entire team on your side, working behind the scenes to create something memorable for our couples to look back on. Think of our team of coordinators as your personal perfectionists, making sure your photos come out just the way you pictured them.
Your love story starts here. And ends happily ever after.