IndieBill allows indie content producers to sell directly to their fans in a quick and secure way. Our cut is only 15% !
Sell your contents simply by sharing links and:
Buy contents in a quick, discreet and secure way:
If you have any question, issue or simply need help to get something done we are here to help. Contact us via the live chat bubble or email us at support@getindiebill.com.
We do our best to answer live and always reply within 24 hours, even on week-ends.
Verified sellers can easily create payment pages and share them to sell their contents.
Once on a payment page, customers can buy the content directly with their credit card and download right after purchase. All purchased contents are stored in the cloud for easy access anytime.
Sellers earn 85% per sale - instead of the usual 50 to 60% with other sites. Buyers pay a $0,95 handling fee per transaction.
Wanna start selling with IndieBill? Get the complete information here or sign-up directly!
Getting started with IndieBill is entirely free, you can sign-up at https://www.getindiebill.com/beta/signup.
In order to start selling you need to confirm your identity by sending us pictures or scans of one of your identity documents. Simply follow the steps after you have signed up and we will review your application within 72 hours.
As soon as a content is purchased via IndieBill, the buyer is redirected to a page featuring a download link.
Additionally, every content purchased with IndieBill is stored in the cloud so that they may be accessed easily anytime. After each purchase we send an email with the recap of the order as well as access to the content in the cloud.
We have taken several strong security measures in order to make sure that you are totally safe whenever you purchase contents on IndieBill.
Firstly, IndieBill never stores any credit card data. We encrypt your data according to the highest security standards and transmit it to our trusted partner SecurionPay which processes the payments. SecurionPay is PCI DSS (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard) level 1 - the highest which can be obtained.
Secondly, following a thorough vetting of our organization, IndieBill has obtained Extended Validation SSL Certificates. This means data is well encrypted on our site and can be verified by the following elements in the URL bar at the top of your browser: the "https" mention, the lock & the big green rectangle.
To help cover the costs of running IndieBill and delivering the contents, we charge buyers a $0,95 handling fee per transaction (not per content). Sellers do not perceive a commission on the handling fee.
So for example, if a seller puts a content on sale at $20 then buyers will be able to purchase it for $20,95. The seller would receive $17 for each transaction (instead of ~$12 with other sites).
IndieBill offers the lowest vendor cut in the adult industry - 15% - meaning sellers get much more money per sale. As a result, sellers often propose their contents at a smaller price on IndieBill while making more money. With IndieBill everybody gets a better deal!
When a content is sold on clip stores such as clips4sale and manyvids, or in exchange for myfreecams / chaturbate tokens, the seller perceives about 60% of the customer's spendings. So if you buy a video for $25, the seller perceives only $15 instead of more than $20 with IndieBill.
Since IndieBill is a marketplace we have little control over the quality of what sellers actually offer. In the event that you are unhappy about the content you purchased we invite you to first report the issue to the seller in order to resolve the issue.
If you cannot resolve the issue with the seller, feel free to contact us via the live chat or by email at support@getindiebill.com. Please note that IndieBill will only proceed to refunds if there is a good reason for it (fraud, broken file, etc.).
Please contact us and we will see what we can do in order to resolve the issue.
In order to avoid fraud, we have a fraud prevention system which flags suspicious transactions and blocks the download until the issue has been cleared.
Please get in touch with us within 24 hours after your purchase in order to resolve the issue and be able to download your content. If you do not get in touch with, then your money will be automatically and fully refunded after 24 hours.
If you cannot find the answer to your question in the FAQ, or would like to know more about something, please do not hesitate to contact us.
We are always available for our awesome users and we love to help!
IndieBill is still in beta version and there are still some things which may not work properly.
Whenever this happens, feel free to give us feedback. We're always delighted to hear from you and with your help we will make IndieBill better on a daily basis!