Download the free Postman app to get started.
8 million +
Developers
400,000 +
Companies
250 million +
APIs
Postman is a collaboration platform for API development. Postman's features simplify each step of building an API and streamline collaboration so you can create better APIs—faster.
Quickly and easily send REST, SOAP, and GraphQL requests directly within Postman.
Automate manual tests and integrate them into your CI/CD pipeline to ensure that any code changes won't break the API in production.
Communicate the expected behavior of an API by simulating endpoints and their responses without having to set up a backend server.
Generate and publish beautiful, machine-readable documentation to make your API easier to consume.
Stay up-to-date on the health of your API by checking performance and response times at scheduled intervals.
Provide a shared context for building and consuming APIs, and collaborate in real-time with built-in version control.
Discover how Postman fits into your specific use case, whether you work in development, testing and QA, or product management.
Discover how Postman enables API-first development, automated testing, and developer onboarding.
Release reliable services by building your API before deploying code.
Eliminate dependencies and reduce time to production by having front-end and back-end teams work in parallel.
Automate manual tests and integrate them into your CI/CD pipeline to ensure that any code changes won't break the API in production.
Explore the API by sending it different kinds of data to see what values are returned.
Quickly get consumers up to speed on what your API can do and how it works.
Publish API documentation to help internal and external consumers adopt your APIs.
Cisco uses Postman collections to drive API adoption
"We love Postman...It helps people conceptualize what's going on and see the results of the API in action, without having to write any code."
Ashley Roach, Principal Engineer Evangelist
Imgur ensures consistency across teams with Postman
"Postman is a single, unified tool that has our API documentation and integration tests in one place, so that it's consistent across teams."
Dan Pastusek, Senior Platform Engineer
Microsoft uses Postman Monitors to observe the health of their APIs
"On the Microsoft Education team, we've moved from using Postman as a highly productive dev console to monitoring our APIs with just a few clicks."
Gareth Jones, Principal API Architect
AMC onboards developers with Postman documentation
"Postman Pro is a great tool that enables team collaboration. The sharing capabilities help make onboarding new developers and partners a much easier process."
Ian Joyce, Director, API Platform & Ecommerce
Movember uses Postman to check API performance
"We use Postman to make sure our APIs' performance is within tolerance. It's more efficient, less expensive, and gives us confidence as we transition over to a new framework."
Marcus Nance, Delivery Lead
Shopify debugs support issues with Postman
"We use Postman as a tool for...debugging support issues, and providing our partners with a way to instantly make sample requests to the various API endpoints across our Platform."
Jordan Liddle, Developer
Just download the Postman App and send your first request in minutes. Postman is free to download and use for teams of any size.
Make any kind of API call—REST, SOAP, or plain HTTP—and easily inspect even the largest responses. Postman also has built-in support for popular data formats such as OpenAPI GraphQL, and RAML.
Customize Postman for your needs with the Postman API. Integrate test suites into your preferred CI/CD service with Newman, our command line collection runner.
We continually make improvements and add new features based on feedback from our community of over 8+ million users—who can also help you get the most out of Postman on our
For API developers, the Postman API Network is an easy way to discover and consume the world's most popular APIs.
Created by and for developers, Postman has been a community-driven project from the very start. We continually make improvements and add new features based on feedback from our community of more than 8 million.
We've also created the Postman Community Forum as a place for our community to talk to each other and help each other out with questions. Whether you're new to Postman or a seasoned power user, the forum is a great place to post questions and share ideas on a variety of API development topics with fellow Postman users and the Postman team.