Build loyal audiences
Revue is an editorial newsletter tool for writers and publishersRequest a demo Watch video
Our customers
Trusted by many publishers
Vox media’s newsletters explain the news
Revue’s editorial newsletter format is a great fit for Vox’s editors to do deep dives into topics such as social media and democracy.
The regional news you do not want to miss
Schaffhauser Nachrichten keeps its readers informed with everything they need to know about the region. Adding a weekly newsletter from the editorial team helps readers never to miss anything important.
FastCompany brings you the future of business in its daily flagship newsletter
With Revue, FastCompany is able to add a personal touch to daily round up. It has all the important articles of the day, curated by its editorial team.
South Africa’s most trusted TV and online news brand
South Africa’s most trusted news brand on TV, online and with newsletters: The Revue-powered newsletters, most notably the daily “Five in Five”, complement its 24 hour TV presence, web site and mobile news apps.
VentureBeat covers tech that matters
With Revue, VentureBeat can offer the right newsletter for everyone, including the broad Daily Roundup as well as weekly editions on topics like AR/VR, AI, PC Gaming and Funding.
Personal newsletters from the editorial team
The NOS is one of the big four news organisations in The Netherlands. It uses Revue to allow its best-known reporters to create newsletters that dive deeply into topics that have proven popular on TV.
Monetize loyal audiences using digital subscriptions, sponsoring, ads or other business models.Request a demo
-
Subscriptions
Start a standalone newsletter subscriptions with our all-in-one membership solution or add newsletters to your subscription package.
-
Traffic generation
Loyal users read more of your content. Boost page views with editorial newsletters
-
Sponsorships
Manage your newsletter ad inventory. Sponsored newsletters, sponsored content, banner ads, etc.
-
Affiliate
Take commission on referrals to other sites, eg selling books or linking to Amazon.
-
Communities / Events
Build a more direct relationship, foster loyalty and offer membership or events.
“Publishers have learned the hard way that traffic from social media is too volatile,” said Martijn de Kuijper, Revue’s chief executive.“
“Revue pitches an easy-to-use authoring interface with many small but useful additional features“
“Revue wants to make sure everyone—from large publishers all the way down to individual writers—can tap into the power of email.“