Here you will find all the questions we get asked a lot. If you have additional questions you can contact us at hello@gettingles.com
.
What is Tingles?
Tingles is a video platform built for ASMR. It's available for both iOS and Android.
What do I get by joining Tingles?
By joining Tingles you get:
- Earn revenue. Artists on Tingles earn 4x more per video view than on YouTube.
- Get the best ASMR experience for your fans.
- Get new fans on Tingles.
- Get a 3Dio microphone for free when you reach 50 supporters.
How is Tingles different than YouTube?
Tingles is built for ASMR. It offers features like background play, sleep timer, video download for offline viewing, looping, top video charts, curated trigger playlists, search by trigger, audio only mode and more. On Tingles there are also no loud ads.
How does monetization on Tingles work?
Instead of loud ads, there are three ways to make money on Tingles:
From Minutes Watched
As a baseline we pay for every minute your videos are watched on Tingles. Tingles users can buy Tingles Premium subscription that gets them access to premium app features. That money is split between artists based on minutes watched. The more people watch your videos, the more you earn. Current rate is already higher than YouTube average.
Direct Support
In addition to that, Tingles users can support you directly with a $4.99 monthly subscription. This is similar to Patreon. Your supporters get:
- download your videos for offline viewing
- access your exclusive supporter-only chatroom
- watch your exclusive videos and get early access to new videos (optional)
You receive 70% of the net-revenue, Tingles keeps 30%. As part of our partnership with 3Dio we also offer our partners 3Dio microphones for free when they reach 50 supporters (or more for more premium models).
Tipping
In addition to that users can also tip your videos with a 💖 sticker for $1, $2, $5 or $10. You can watch a quick demo here: https://youtu.be/lPjYHC3Z0Vk.
How much work will I have to do?
Being on Tingles is no extra work for you, your videos show on Tingles automatically. We encourage artists to create some exclusive videos for their Tingles supporters, but it's not a requirement. The main rewards for your supporters are provided by us.
Will Tingles affect my YouTube earnings?
No. Tingles is a completely separate platform from YouTube so it doesn't affect your YouTube earnings in any way. Anything you make on Tingles is in addition to what you already make on YouTube.
Tingles is partnering with 3Dio. As a Tingles partner you can get one 3Dio microphone for free when you reach enough supporters on Tingles:
- For 50 Tingles supporters - get Base model Free Space for free (regular price: $499)
- For 100 Tingles supporters - get Free Space XLR for free (regular price: $799)
- For 200 Tingles supporters - get Free Space Pro II for free (regular price: $1,999)
How does Tingles help me grow my audience?
Tingles is a community of the most dedicated ASMR fans. Our average user watches 2 hours of ASMR a day. We will promote your videos to our users who don't know you yet:
- Your profile will show on Artists tab where users can discover new artists
- Your profile will show under Related Artists on profiles of artists similar to you
- Your videos can get featured on Discover Weekly and Best of the Week playlists
- Your videos can get featured in trigger playlists
- Your profile can get featured on top of Home or Artists tab
How is Tingles different than Patreon?
Tingles has three main advantages over Patreon: it offers a better experience for your fans, it's less work for you and it gets you more supporters:
-
Tingles is actively encouraging users to become your supporters so you don't have to. On Patreon all the promotion efforts are on you.
-
Tingles provides most of the rewards for your paying supporters. On Patreon you have to provide all the rewards for your supporters yourself.
-
Becoming a supporter on Tingles is as easy as one tap. This is so much easier than Patreon where users have to go to a different site, create a new account, add their credit card and so on.
-
Tingles offers better rewards for paying supporters. Being a supporter on Patreon doesn't unlock any benefits on YouTube where most of the users still watch your videos. Because Tingles is one unified platform it can offer much better benefits to your paying supporters.
What are exclusive videos?
Exclusive videos mean videos that are only available on Tingles and not available on other platforms. They are locked for free users and only accessible to your paying supporters. It's your choice if you want to have them, but they're a great way to convince more of your fans to become paying supporters.
What is early access to new videos?
Early access to new videos means new videos become available on Tingles some time before they become available on other platforms. You can think of these videos as temporarily exclusive. It's advised to leave them exclusive for one week before making them available on other platforms. Early access videos are locked for free users and only accessible to your paying supporters. It's your choice if you want to have them, but they're a great way to convince more of your fans to become paying supporters.
Can I use my Patreon exclusive videos as exclusive videos on Tingles?
Yes.
Is there a fee to join Tingles?
No. Being on Tingles is free. We finance the platform by keeping a percentage of the revenue. Our partners receive 70% of the net-revenue and Tingles keeps 30% that goes into platform maintenance and development costs.
How do I get paid?
Payments are sent out monthly. We support PayPal and bank wire transfer.
What if I want to delete my account?
You can delete your Tingles account anytime and all your content will be removed from Tingles. To delete your account click the Delete Account button at the bottom of the Profile tab on Tingles Partners website. There is no penalty and you will be paid out your remaining earnings.
Who can apply?
With a few exceptions, most everyone over the age of 18 who creates relaxation content can apply to join Tingles. We reserve the right to reject any applicant that doesn't meet our quality criteria.
In addition to that there are some legal restrictions we are bound to follow. US federal law restricts Tingles from conducting business with creators based in the following countries:
- Iran
- North Korea
- Syria
- Crimea
- Cuba
- Individual nationals of Cuba
- Any other country restricted by law (this changes occasionally)
To ensure compliance with Federal Law we ask creators from certain countries to verify their identities. This might include government ID verification, residency verification or video verification.
How do I start?
I have additional questions, where can I contact you?