Never pay full price for a gift card, Gift Card Granny has 300+ brands to choose from.Buy Discount Gift Cards
Gift Card Granny's money savings expert, Trae Bodge, shares helpful tips and tricks to add to your savings wherever you shop. Using gift card deals and budget friendly tips, she shows how you can use your budget more effectively.
Combine these three online saving tools to receive the ultimate deal on everyday purchases.
Great for saving at restaurants, retailers or online. Paying with a gift card is easy and the savings add up. Save with our Granny Direct 100% guarantee gift cards or our marketplace cards!
You can earn cash back for every friend and family member you refer to Gift Card Granny with Cash Back Rewards. Copy your unique referral link and share it with everyone you know.
Join Cash Back Rewards and start earning cash back today. There are lots of ways to earn cash back like making a purchase from a Granny Partner, signing up for our newsletter and more.
Plain and simple: our goal is to help you save money.
Since 2009, our company has grown to the largest discount gift card website on the Internet. Millions of visitors per year have found deals through Granny. Since inception, we have saved our users more than $150,000,000 on a variety of purchases.
We look for ways to enhance your budget with saving tools like our Chrome extension, app, rewards and egift cards. We strive to make saving money safer, easier and faster with our services.
The analysis of industry trends through our in-depth research enables us to provide insight and knowledge into the gift card market, help reduce fraud and protect customers. We are invested in helping people understand our industry.
Have an unwanted gift card? Get money by selling it through our app or website.
We want to help you find ways to save on your everyday purchases. Easily search through your favorite brands for discounts. Just be sure to create an account so you can earn Granny Rewards towards more savings. Check out our wide range of deals for your favorite stores to see how much you can save!