Uncapped Speed
Max out your Gigabit connection and more on our high performance network. With server clusters in Europe and North America, you can always connect to the fastest server closest to you.
Leader In Privacy
Giganews was the first provider to offer SSL to encrypt Usenet connections, to prevent ISP throttling and increase privacy. We also added VyprVPN to Giganews accounts to help our members increase their privacy and Internet freedom online.
Unparalleled Service
We offer 100% newsgroup completion, 100% uptime, 24x7 friendly support, the world's highest quality Usenet retention with the fastest connections. Our members love our service, and we work hard everyday to ensure that trust.
Giganews Features
-
Highest Quality Usenet Retention
For over two decades, Giganews has provided the world's highest quality retention with over 110,000 newsgroups. We deliver 3+ years of binary retention and more than 16+ years of text retention.
-
Fastest Speed, Unlimited Access
Every Giganews account features unlimited Usenet speeds to maximize your connection. With server clusters in North America and Europe, our servers are nearby to ensure low latency and fast speeds no matter where you are.
-
100% Newsgroup Completion
Unlike low-end providers, we store multiple copies of every article in our server clusters throughout the world. Regardless of article age, you'll always see the 100% newsgroup article completion and unlimited speeds whether the article was posted 30 days or 3,000 days ago.
-
Always On, Always Available
With redundant Usenet server clusters in North America and Europe, we offer 100% uptime and zero maintenance outages. Unlike low-end providers, Giganews is always there when you need it.
-
We Don't Outsource
Most Usenet providers are marketing companies that resell third-party service and don't operate Usenet servers. Since 1994, we have operated our own server clusters, managed our global network and wrote 100% of the server software to deliver the most reliable Usenet service.
-
A Company You Can Trust
Trusted since 1994, Giganews guarantees a no-surprises, month-to-month service which you can cancel at anytime. Giganews respects your privacy. We will never sell your information to third parties or track what you access.
Giganews Exclusives
Giganews offers software and services to help improve your Usenet and Internet experience.
VyprVPN
VyprVPN is a no log VPN, that encrypts your entire Internet connection, preventing bandwidth throttling and keeping your online activities private without logging your activity.Learn More
Fast, Expert Support Whenever You Need It
Fast Response, Real People
Real in-house employees answer every support request. When you have a problem, we want it solved quickly.
We Work Weekends
Giganews support tackles problems every hour of every day, even during nights, weekends and holidays.
Advanced Support, No Charge
Giganews' support team includes systems and network engineers who can help optimize speeds, reroute traffic, and more.