Do More of What You Love™
Modern, robust, easy to use.
Gingr is the all-in-one dog daycare, boarding & grooming
management software you can count on everyday.
From online scheduling to payments - streamlined and simplified.
Modern, robust, easy to use.
Gingr is the all-in-one dog daycare, boarding & grooming
management software you can count on everyday.
From online scheduling to payments - streamlined and simplified.
3.86 Million
Happy Pets Served
31.79 Million
Reservations Booked
2.99 Million
Total Users
11.28 Million
Report Cards Sent
If dogs are a man’s best friend,
Gingr is your pet business’ BFF.
Get time back to focus on what you love and reduce stressful busywork with the all-inclusive, cloud-based software that makes kennel and pet care management a breeze.
From seamlessly accepting online reservation requests to managing employees, collecting payments or crucial pet details, and automating reporting and customer communication, Gingr works overtime so your business just runs better.
(and we keep building more)
Unlimited profiles.
Upload photos of owners and pets.
Go paperless with digital waivers/agreements.
Store vaccination records, track expiration-dates, automate reminders/notifications.
Track daycare and boarding package credits.
Track account balances.
Manage reservations, appointments and deposits right from the owner- and pet-profile.
Track all transaction history and details.
Record ‘hidden’ employee notes about the owner and/or pet.
Use Custom Icons (with super-powers!) to easily communicate pet-care needs and details to your staff.
Track calls, emails and SMS (2-way SMS add-on).
Assign bar-codes to owners for quick check-in.
FACT: Gingr customers save $100s-$1000s per month in staff-wages with Gingr’s online customer-portal.
Branded with your logo, optional custom js and css.
Customizable lead forms, customer self-registration, pet- and reservation-forms.
Mobile-friendly, screen-responsive. No native-app required.
Easily link from your web-page, social media and emails. Or embed/i-frame in your website.
Customers can sign waivers/agreements online.
Customers can upload files, vet-records.
Customers can view photos, videos and web-cams (with iDogCam integration).
Customers can request boarding or daycare reservations, grooming appointments, and request enrollment in group classes.
Customize what services are available on-line, what are only available through the business.
Recurring/repeat appointments or reservations.
Customize what forms/fields are required for certain reservation-types.
Availability calendar settings.
Up-sell additional activities and services.
Sell packages online (Day Services and Resort-tiers only).
Collect deposits online (with integrated card processing)
Embed contact us forms directly on your website that feed back to Gingr.
Contact us to learn more about Gingr’s online booking features!
Quick view of all pets Expected, Going Home and Checked In, reservation Requests.
Search/filter by reservation/appointment-type, custom icons.
Easy view of add-on services. Add new services, mark as complete.
1-click Quick-check-in for reservations.
Quick-Check-in multiple pets from multiple owners.
Quick check in multiple pets from multiple owners at once.
Check-in pop-up warnings for expired vaccinations, unsigned agreements, custom icons.
Check-in form for boarding reservations to ensure you have all the details.
Quick check-out to point-of-sale, payment collection.
Quickly create ‘report cards’ to send out photos/videos and notes to customers.
Post and schedule staff Notices.
Quick navigation to all features/pages, calendars.
Quick login/out for employee-users/permissions.
Quick staff clock-in using TimeClock.
Customize tabs and quick-links/bookmarks.
Reservation/appointment summary widgets.
Local-weather widget.
Print reservations reports right from the dashboard.
Customize reservation and service descriptions with photos, rich html text.
Set what is available on online customer-portal, what is ‘staff-only’ scheduling.
Capacity-group settings.
Automatically convert from one reservation-type to another (i.e, half-day daycare to full-day).
Automatic email and SMS confirmations and reminders.
Customize email text for each reservation/service-type.
‘Require completed reservation prior to this reservation-type’ settings.
Advanced pricing-rule / rate-modifier settings (2nd pet rate, multi-night rates, VIP, etc).
Add-on services settings to each reservation-type, with frequency options, scheduling, automatic pricing.
Automate pricing rules/rate modifier settings (2nd pet discount, free bath after 5-days, peak holiday rate, etc).
Waitlist management.
Sell pre-paid packages (aka ‘punchcards’) for daycare, boarding, services.
Enable customers to purchase online.
Automate memberships payments and reboot of credits.
Automate deduction of credits when pet checks-out.
Automatic renew reminders to customers.
Set per location, or enable use across multiple locations.
Establish control-access memberships for dog-parks (with integration with Kisi).
Set capacity limits for each lodging unit by number of pets and maximum weight.
Toggle on/off to show only vacant, or only occupied units.
Filter by reservation-type.
View expected capacity by percent, and number of available units for each day.
View each reservation’s start- and end-days, transfer days.
Drag-and-drop lodging transfers and reassignments.
One-click to view the pet’s reservation details.
1-click advance by day/week/month.
For grooming, training, van-drivers and other scheduled appointments.
View all scheduled appointments by day/week/month.
View by specialist (groomer, trainer, driver).
Set unique schedules for each groomer/specialist.
Schedule new appointments right from calendar.
Drag/drop to reschedule or reassign to another specialist.
Block out ‘unavailable’ times on groomer’s calendar.
Automatic reservation- and appointment- confirmations and reminders by email and SMS.
Automatic vaccination reminders to customers.
Text or email ‘Report Cards’ with photos & videos to your customers.
Automatic email and SMS notifications to your staff (set notification-groups).
Optional 2-way SMS, with text-log.
Track email and calls with call records by customer.
Send out post-reservation/appointment surveys.
Post Notices to your staff.
Optional online reviews and reputation-management integration with Broadly.
Easily add retail items to a pet’s reservation/appointment.
Do stand-alone retail sales.
Automatically sync with credit-card reader (requires merchant account with our card-processor).
Track inventory. Export to .csv and upload new inventory by spreadsheet.
Use bar-code scanners.
Print labels.
Report COGS, profits by item.
Sell retail items online from customer-portal.
Send out customized email- and SMS-campaigns in minutes.
Drag/drop building blocks into the email.
7 template designs included, and create your own.
Query by customer-reservation data (‘no reservations in past 30 days’, ‘all reservations next 30 days’, ‘no vaccinations’, etc).
Filter by previous/future reservation type (i.e, daycare, boarding, grooming).
Add system-variables to personalize (i.e, first_name, pet_name, current_balance)
Run campaigns from reports (customer debt, reservations by date-range, etc).
Schedule Email marketing in advance (SMS send now).
Extensive user-permission settings.
Notification system for staff, with mobile notification-app.
Time-clock, with time-worked report and time-sheets.
Daily check-lists for your team.
To Do Lists for every employee.
Specialist (groomer, trainer, driver) scheduling.
Commissions tracking and reporting.
Tip collection and reporting.
Dashboard - Notices to communicate with your staff.
Optional: integrated Staff SCHEDULER Watch the Video and Learn More Here
Set trainer’s calendars and availability for private lessons.
Manage commissions.
Manage group classes, assign trainer.
Automatically block-out trainer’s private lesson availability when instructing group classes.
Board and Train functions, automate default pricing and add-on training services.
Credit Card Processing Integration - streamline and automate payments with our integrated card-processing partner. More Information HERE.
Pet-Care Staff-SCHEDULER - Watch This Demo Video and learn more HERE.
Web-Cams with iDogCam enable public viewing in your customer portal, and private lodging viewing.
Tw0-way SMS (optional subscription with Gingr).
Online Reputation Management and automated reviews - Broadly.
Gate/door Control-Access - Kisi. - Great for dog-park memberships.
Sync Gingr with other online software: Zapier. 1-way ‘zaps’ to programs like MailChimp, SalesForce, etc.
Enterprise-level only: Read-APIs for your developers. Advanced write-access available.
Accounting - Quickbooks Online (in development).
Ready to learn more? Need any clarifications? CONTACT US TO SPEAK WITH A CONSULTANT
Lee Salminen
THE TECH GUY
Father to Ginger, software engineer, and entrepreneur, Lee spends his days saving pet business owners from the seemingly endless administrative abyss.
Aaron Nichols
THE EXPERIENCE GUY
With 16 years in the industry (DDC, boarding, and pet-sitting), Aaron knows what goes into running a successful, un-stressful kennel and grooming business.
Mark Tracy
THE MERCHANT GUY
Frustrated by the clunky, unreliable ways of accepting credit card payments online, Mark left his top-tier career at a Fortune 50 company to create a better way.
Ginger Salminen
THE DAILY INSPIRATION
When Ginger isn’t exploring the Boulder Flatirons, trying on fashionable bandanas, or getting snuggles from Lee, find her taking Tuba lessons or doing the crossword in pen.
Your Gingr subscription starts the day you pay your first payment.
Prices are per location based on annual billing cycle.
*Unlimited SMS included in the U.S. Subscriptions outside the U.S. require a SMS account in the country of operation.
*2-way SMS not available outside N.A. Unlimited up to 1000 reply texts/mo (covers 99% of our customers). $.02 after.
Your Gingr subscription will also earn you discounts with several of our industry partners, including Broadly and PACCC.