Grab your planner because we have something you need to pencil in for winter break.
Netflix has (finally) released the first trailer for its upcoming holiday rom-com, Let It Snow, which follows a group of high school seniors who...
We use iPads in my school so we all personalize our backgrounds with cute pics and stuff like that. I recently took my first pic with my crush and *of course* I had to make it my background STAT. It...
Wanna see what the stars have in store for your future? Lovescopes, friendship forecasts, school outlooks and more! GL's connecting with the cosmos to cast your horoscope each week!
Dear Carol,
My biological father left when my mom was four months pregnant with me. She has a boyfriend she expects me to call dad and they have been together for nine years. He just doesn't feel like a dad to...
Stressing because you've already worn *everything* in your closet and—gasp—it's only October? Don't worry, we've got you covered.
Whether you're trying to make your fave summer sundress last in cold weather, or hoping to find creative uses for your well-worn...
Periods: All of us ladies get them, but it still sometimes feels weird to talk about them. That's why National Period Day (October 19) is so important. By encouraging discourse about our flows, we can help other girls who may...
What if Anna and Elsa never knew each other?
Grab your coziest blanket, light a cinnamon-scented candle and click HERE to dive into these fabulous fantasies that rewrite your *favorite* Disney stories.
Have you ever seen a movie where it’s obvious the lead is falling for someone, and everyone knows it except her? It may sound like the stuff of cheesy romance flicks, but this *does* happen in real life. You’re chilling...
See what you should be munching on this Halloween!
Aries: Smarties
Aries are confident, so what better way to show that you know just how smart you are than by eating the candy that confirms it?!
Taurus: M&Ms
Taurus signs are reliable–you're the...
What do you like to do at the library?
TRW GIVEAWAYS
Featured Freebie
A mystery about a group of magical teens. HarperCollins.
CLICK HERE TO ENTER
How will you meet the love of your life?
What's your girl power mantra?
Where are you destined to live?