Making meeting and dating amazing women intuitive and fun for guys every day.
Confusion-free downloadable programs to get you unparalleled success with women.
Thousands of businessmen, college students, entrepreneurs, and Average Joes around the world rely on our programs to improve their romantic and social lives.
Our loyal customers include college students, business people, doctors, divorcées, sales clerks, entrepreneurs, retirees, middle managers, pastors, writers, travelers, executives, marketers, management consultants, franchise operators, boyfriends, husbands, single guys, and anyone and everyone else you can imagine (even women).
People using our programs come from Turkey, Chile, Croatia, Korea, Denmark, Australia, Norway, the U.S., the U.K., and 87 other countries.
People depend on us to help them change their lives in powerful and significant ways, every single day of the year - and that's a responsibility we do everything we can to make sure we're continuously earning and re-earning, both with them and with you.
We worked hard to create a business we'd want to trust our dating lives with. We hope you'll want to, too.
Action generates results
Inspirational speeches fade away, but lessons applied and learned from stay with you forever. We build practical programs that get you doing just what you need to do and nothing you don't.
Service is our keystone
We're well known among our customers for warm, speedy, and exceptional customer service. Our customer service team is dedicated to making sure that we continue providing outstanding service daily. See customer testimonials here.
Clarity in all things
There's nothing worse than confusing, brain-stunning jargon you don't understand, concepts that don't make sense, or instructions you can't follow. We have none of that here - just clear, simple facts and directions that are easy to follow.
Our boss? Our customers
Girls Chase continues to exist because of the customers who purchase our programs and invest in us. They're the ones we listen to - not corporate suits on Wall St. We take our orders from the people who actually use what we make.
A focus on fundamentals
Our attention is permanently focused on what's truly important: the fundamentals. Excellent service, programs that work, pricing that makes sense, and delivering our customers the most bang for their time, trust, and money.
Satisfaction, guaranteed
We work hard to make sure that our programs work for everyone. But we know how hard it is to take the plunge - so we offer a 60-day, 100% guarantee on all our programs. Doesn't work for you? Then you don't have to pay.
Meeting women should be simple
Our programs are intuitive. You'll pick it up the instant you see it, read it, or hear it - not weeks later after thinking about it a lot. We don't give you complicated methods or complex processes to follow because you won't need them.
We know you're busy
We're busy too - and we build our programs for people like us. There's nothing in here that's going to take big chunks of your time to master unless you want it to - everything is breakable down into small pieces you can use on the fly.
Watch the One Date First Look Tour... then grab your copy of One Date today (and start getting girls immediately!).
Here's everything you'll find in One Date.
More from Girls Chase