GirlsAskGuys is your social community where girls and guys can ask questions and share their opinions to help better understand each other then find answers.
What Girls Said
I don't think "turn off" is the best way to describe it. It's probably a little scary but the...
Add Opinion
What Guys Said
Basically they have no experience and they are probably young and that's called Puppy Love but...
False Claims About President Trump
So a lady on here recently asked the question- If Trump wins in 2020 will we still have elections? In it she proceeds to make several...
ladsin Influencer
Why dating a friend was a lot more surprising than I thought it would be
I promise this won't be long. Tonight is the first night in a while, I'm spending at my place, after days, weeks of staying non-stop at...
myReview
Societal pressure placed on men to "Take the Lead" in the romantic dating scene is unfair to men
In the United States, 1 out of every 5 boys are sexually abused by the time they reach adulthood. This amounts to 20% of men in American...
Apope16Editor
Men Need to Do Self Care More Often
Self-care was the trend of 2018, and while more than half of millennial women made it their priority, many men have yet to embrace it....
1truekhaleesiEditor
GaG's Female Users: Tips on Love and Dating
GaG's Female Users: Tips on Love and Dating. Thanks to all of the girl's @MzAsh @Sydneysentinel @AmandaYVR @SarahsSummer and especially...
Wowgirl30qYoda
Helpful Tips To Help You Get Over Any Autumn Chills More Comfortably!
So you are Sick! Here's some helpful tips to help you get over any Autum Chills more comfortably.🤢🤧🤮🤒 Hello my dears, just a...
The_White_QueenXper 5
Do you tell your partner if you feel intimidated by them?
I'm doing much better now, but the recent issues gave me a lot of food for thought. Would you tell your partner if yo feel intimidated...
How long is it sustainable to have low carb, low fat diet?
I mean I know long term that is NOT sustainable Its tough too deal wit the hunger. what mental techniques help you deal l wit the...
dvc0006Xper 1
Have you ever thought about breaking up with someone because you feel you are not good enough for them?
NOTE: I'm not thinking that at all, it's just that I recognize how it can be easy to fall in such a trap and self-sabotage the...
What's the closest thing to you that is the color red?
For me, it's the lid on my unsalted peanut container
If you had to pick a fictional character that sums up your personality perfectly, who would it be and why?
Could be a cartoon character or any character in a tv show or film
MysterieeXper 6
How come girls have to try so hard to look good where as guys just have to flex to get a girls attention?
starlight14Xper 2
Girls, what do most guys do wrong when approaching a checkout girl, or giving her their number, apart from doing it when they are busy?
Shy_SteveXper 1
Which would you rather piss off?
If one of them were to inevitably be angry at you, which one would you rather it be? Choose wisely
Are both parents equally responsible for a child's upbringing?
A couple people that know me well, thinks my father was just as responsible too. What do you think? When I got arrested at age 10 for...
Anonymous
Who has it worse in the dating world, unattractive guys or unattractive girls?
This is the real question here. Most of dating comes from how attractive or appealing you are, which can be hard for both guys and...
MeziusXper 4
Food Debate: Do You Prefer Tacos or Burritos?
Team Burrito for me.
Clo917Guru
Is Rotten Tomatoes biased in favor of "left-wing" movies?
wingspan83Xper 6
When you order chicken wings, Do you prefer all flats, all drums, or mixed?
Unless you're a vegetarian, Everyone has probably tried at least one chicken wing in their life. Others enjoy eating them a lot on a...
Stingray444Xper 5
Guys, is it a turn off for you if a girl has many guy friends?
So first week at college I saw a nice girl and thought about approaching her, I was gonna do it next week but I thought I'd do some...
Syrian_survivorYoda
Have you ever had the "HOTS" for one of your friend's parents?
Should you go for someone you're emotionally attracted to without being physical into them?
If you're emotionally attracted to someone, likes their personality, have a lot in common with them and likes how they treat others,...
curiousnorwayGuru
If someone gave you an envelope with your death date inside of it, would you open it?
I mean like your real death date... for me, ( yes)
naughty_catXper 7
Is it bad to often want to be around those like yourself?
"His Dark Material" - New HBO/BBC Series, Thoughts?
Thoughts on the Little Mermaid Live Action Play and the Headliners for Superbowl 2020?
10 Body Gestures That Make You 80% LESS Attractive. do first impressions matter in any adult situation?
Anonymous
Do you believe most men are just lying when they talk negatively about women dressing provocatively?
CubsterShuraGuru
6 Style Hacks To Make Your Outfit MORE Symmetrical. is that a good thing?
Anonymous