Gitter is a chat and networking platform that helps to manage, grow and connect communities through messaging, content and discovery.
Gitter is designed to make community messaging, collaboration and discovery as smooth and simple as possible. You can easily create, organise and grow your communities, inviting others to join just in one click.
We also provide integrations with GitHub, Trello, Jenkins, Travis CI, Heroku, Sentry, BitBucket, HuBoard, Logentries, Pagerduty & Sprintly. We accept custom webhooks, have an open source repository for integrations as well as a flexible API.
Chris Nicholson, Deeplearning4j:
We have an engineering team and open source community distributed over several continents, but the conversation lives in one place - and that's Gitter.
Valentin Anastase, Freezing Moon:
Other communication solutions for the projects I’ve been involved in were far from ideal. Switching to Gitter was one of the best decisions I've made and there's no going back now.
Troy McConaghy, BigchainDB developer:
Gitter is the main way people contact us to ask questions about BigchainDB. I guess it just feels more open, immediate and personal.
Krishna Srinivas, Minio:
Gitter is the IRC of the post-IRC era. It has helped us at Minio build and connect with our community really well.
Sam Saccone, Marionette.js Lead:
Gitter has helped to bring the Marionette community together, turning it into a thriving collaborative environment that has been exceedingly beneficial to both our endusers and maintainers.
David Dias, LXJS Conference Organiser:
Gitter was an essential tool, not only for organising LXJS but to create a thriving community amongst our attendees before, during and even after the conference.
Doge, Chief Woofing Officer:
Wow chat. Much awesome.
Gitter is nothing without the people using it day in and day out.
We asked a few people what Gitter means to them, this is what they had to say. If you love Gitter, Tweet us @gitchat and we'll update these quotes every month.
Gitter is available in all modern browsers as well as apps for desktops and mobile phones.
Mac
Windows
Linux 32
Linux 64
Mac users on 10.9 or lower, download here.
iPhone
Android
We also have a sweet little IRC bridge.
Our efforts are focused on the webapp which is the backbone of the mobile/desktop apps but mainly focused on the web experience. There are a number of bugs in these desktop/mobile clients and they spread the Gitter team too thin for us to give them proper attention. The apps are open-source if you want to tackle something particularly annoying to you. (desktop, iOS, Android)