Raise free funds for charity with your Christmas shopping
How Give as you Live Online works
Sign up
Choose a charity and enter your details
Browse
We have over 4,300 stores involved
Shop
Visit the store via our website or app, then shop as normal
What can you raise?
Enter how much you spend on the following products each year to estimate how much you can raise using Give as you Live Online.
Got questions? Here's what we're asked most
Select a question on the left to view its answer.
Give as you Live Online is a free and easy way to raise money for your favourite charity, just by shopping online.
Once you've signed up, you can browse our website for the store you want to shop with. Click 'shop & raise' to go to their website, then continue to shop as normal.
We'll then email you within 1-7 days to let you know how much you've raised.
You can support any of the 200,000 UK-registered charities.
Our charities range from big national charities to local schools, churches and social groups.
The donation amount varies from store to store. Most of the time you raise a percentage of what you spend - between 1% and 10% - whilst sometimes it's a fixed amount.
With some stores there are different rates or restrictions depending on what you buy - you can see more information on each store's page on our website.
Yes! You don't pay anything extra for your shopping, the donation is made at no extra cost to you.
It's also completely free for your charity. There are no joining or payment fees, so 100% of the donation will reach the charity.
We pay charities once a month by BACS via our payment partner, The Online Foundation.
You can view the status of every donation within your account. A donation will typically move from 'pending' to 'approved' to 'paid' over the course of a few months.
As a "thank you" for sending them sales and customers, our stores pay us a commission.
We use this commission to make a donation to your chosen charity.
We donate 50% of the commission we receive, with the other 50% used to fund the on-going development of Give as you Live Online, which is free to all charities and users.
All donation amounts we display represent the amount the charity will receive - a 5% donation means a 5% donation!
I would recommend them highly - it might only be pennies per purchase but builds quickly over time.Michael
Super way to give. We particularly like it as it includes a wide range of charities and not just the main/big ones.Maria-Kassandra
Well worth subscribing. This is an excellent way to raise money for your favourite charity.Angela
Brilliant idea to help with a chosen charity, was ordering goods anyway so helping charity is a bonus.Lorraine
Every penny counts! The accumulated donations all add up and I am happy to continue using the Give as you Live website.Anonymous
I do a lot of online shops and it's a good way to donate. Lovely way to be able to donate. Non-intrusive.Sara
Great stuff! Great service, easy to use and giving money to charity for nothing - win-win!Penny
Great idea. Easy to set up. Easy to contribute to a good cause.Rebecca
What a great way to donate as you shop!Anonymous
Great service for a good charity. It's very very simple to use which is lovely for a technophobe.G-Man
Independent service rating based on 1,527 verified reviews.
Ready to start shopping and raising?
Get started today - it takes just a few seconds to choose a charity and enter your details.
Do you work for a charity?
Register your charity today and make the most of Give as you Live Online with free marketing tools and reports.