Bystronic glass: The future within reach
New apps connect machines from Bystronic glass
New apps connect machines from Bystronic glass
Tecglass technology developed for the automotive industry is the focus of the Fenzi Group’s digital branch participation in the October 24-25, 2019 Summit in Shanghai, China.
Best Machinery Company accolade was awarded to Bystronic glass HEGLA partnership in this year’s #NFA19 independent glass awards.
Bringing Leading Technical Support and Technology to American Market.
Marvin is pleased to announce that it has acquired the assets of Enfield, Connecticut-based A.W. Hastings and is now the owner of its distributor in New England and Eastern New York.
Air Products will highlight its latest Cleanfire® oxy-fuel burner solutions at the 80th Conference on Glass Problems in Columbus, Ohio, from October 28-29.
TECNO GLASS took part in the Milan Fair, again this year, to show the public its machines for the production of flat glass, entirely designed and manufactured from TECNO GLASS Engineering Department.
Saving space while providing a contemporary industrial aesthetic, internal steel sliding doors from Steel Window Association members provide solidity without being visually overpowering.
British Glass, the representative body for the UK glass industry, has received recognition for its commitment to its workforce by winning an award at the Barnsley and Rotherham Business Awards.
Having already won the award for Best Creative Marketing Campaign at the FIT Show 2019 for their #ComeAlong campaign which continues to run, KÖMMERLING have now been voted as Systems Company 2019 in the National Fenestrations Awards.
As a long-standing exhibitor, Lindner was requested as fit-out partner and delivered the new glass partitions.
Emplas is appealing to installers already working in, or with the capability to work in, the commercial sector, after being inundated with leads.
A Vitrum edition strongly dedicated to news, technology and automation.
The industrial style of steel windows is fashionable while the strong, versatile material is ideal for external windows, double doors, internal partitions, and shower screens.
MasterSpec, the architectural industry’s leading specification system, includes NACC Certification of a glazing contractor as a requirement for “Installer Qualifications” within the sub-section entitled “Quality Assurance.”
Since 1993, Mappi International has been designing and manufacturing high quality tempering systems for the glass industry.
Vitro Architectural Glass (formerly PPG Glass) announced that Brian Lurie has joined the company as national architectural manager for northern California.
Throughout the year, Glaston has received several orders from North American customers.
Well-known manufacturers from Mexico, Italy, Greece and other countries sent us an “olive branch” and signed the intention contract for the purchase of Glass Tempering Furnace on site.
More than 25,000 square meters equipped with state-of-the-art technology, never seen before on such a specialized sector.
Tradition and technology lead the way for a very popular stand at this biennial international trade event. ...
Most of the visitors who visited Turomas booth at Vitrum 2019 showed great interest in expanding information on the features and models f...
Mappi brings glass tempering to the future. ...
Visitors to A+W Software’s booth at GlassBuild America in Atlanta, Georgia, received hands-on experience using two of A+W’s newest so...
Booth recognized as “Best In Show” status. ...
Forel NA had a remarkably exciting and productive time at the 2019 GlassBuild America show in Atlanta, GA. ...
LiSEC offers an exclusive personalized training to customers who purchased its technologically advanced machinery for flat glass processi...
As Business Area Manager of the Primo Gasket Competence Centre, Rachid Koulij works closely with customers in Benelux and Scandinavia. ...
Glaston initiates co-operation negotiations in its Finnish units due to weakening demand in heat treatment equipment - outlook for 2019 r...
The enormous glass facades of the skyscrapers represent the most difficult challenge for those who work glass. ...
The author proposes a simple surface quality test using a standard window cleaning scraper and common smartphone or shop microscope. ...
NorthGlass provided high-quality glass for the project, which was the first Huawei store that NorthGlass participated in the construction...
Mappi brings glass tempering to the future. ...
Glaston initiates co-operation negotiations in its Finnish units due to weakening demand in heat treatment equipment - outlook for 2019 r...
Glass and aluminium specialist Cube Glass has teamed up with south-west of Scotland construction company Ashleigh Building and has ki...
Daylight control is a main resource of energy saving in buildings. Daylight control systems with mirror optics have the potential to save...
With the vast range of imported glass fixings into the market, it is rare to find UK manufacturers who produce hardware such as glass cl...
A ‘whole door system’ which combines secure locking with failsafe emergency evacuation features has been introduced by GEZE UK to mee...
Building on the success of its commercially inspired Trex Signature® Rod Rail, Trex has expanded the premium end of its aluminum raili...
NOTICE
This website or its third-party tools use cookies, which are necessary to its functioning and required to achieve the purposes illustrated in the cookie policy. If you want to know more or withdraw your consent to all or some of the cookies, please refer to the cookie policy. By closing this banner clicking a link or continuing to browse otherwise, you agree to the use of cookies.