Powering Compliance and Communication for Animal Health
VETERINARIANS
Experience one comprehensive platform for animal health certification, data and information management.
OWNERS AND PRODUCERS
Never lose a health certificate or other important document again, with 24-7 access to your records.
SIGN UP FOR OUR DIGITAL DOWNLOAD NEWSLETTER
Simplify. Share. Manage.
Free Webinars & CE Opportunities
At GVL, we strive to provide education and awareness to the industry on relevant topics, from new regulations affecting animal health to solutions for helping ease interstate movement of animals. We facilitate webinars with thought leaders from the industry, often providing AAVSB RACE continuing education for veterinarians and veterinary technicians.
About GVL
GVL provides innovative digital solutions that simplify animal health processes and improve communication to increase animal wellness and safety in the industry.
Animal Health News
GVL strives to share important information for industry knowledge and education. Explore animal health news, information and resources center to learn more about current events in animal wellness and safety.
GVL Partners
Learn more about GVL partnerships with animal health companies, technology solution providers, veterinary consulting groups and other industry leaders.
GVL Blog
The New GVL Platform Launches November 15th
Earlier this year, we announced that the GVL platform is getting a major overhaul and redesign for better functionality. We’re excited to share that the new GVL launches November 15th, and we’ve included a special preview of the enhanced platform below. The new GVL...
Upcoming Events and Shows
The GVL team is looking forward to the many events and shows coming up this month. Take a look and plan to stop by the GVL booth for any of the events you are attending. KVMA Mid-America Veterinary Conference Booth 45 October 4-6, 2019Louisville, Kentucky Learn...
Celebrating National Veterinary Technician Week
October 13-19, 2019 is National Veterinary Technician Week First celebrated in 1993, National Veterinary Technician Week takes place in the third week of October each year, as proclaimed by the National Association of Veterinary Technicians in America (NAVTA). As a...