sell food online
Use our free restaurant ordering software to drive your online sales.
No matter how much your business grows, you'll always benefit from taking unlimited orders with zero fees.
There’s no other GloriaFood alternative that can help you power your business like our free online ordering system for restaurants.
receive more orders
Add the "See MENU & Order" & "Table reservation" buttons to your sales optimized website to make the online ordering process easy like cake.
Easy ordering for your customers means higher sales for you.
BUILD A STRONG ONLINE PRESENCE
We’ll help generate your own sales optimized website within seconds. No coding skills involved :)
People who use our sales optimized have increased their online sales by 162%.*
Try it & see for yourself.
*Statistics drawn from monitoring the performance indicators of our clients.
ACCELERATE YOUR SUCCESS
Due to its simplicity of use, you'll be able to start taking online orders in a matter of hours.
Our powerful and intuitive online ordering system software will enable you to receive orders placed on your own website, Facebook page or custom restaurant app.
ENJOY ITS SIMPLICITY OF USE
The GloriaFood app makes it extremely easy for you to accept online food orders from your own device… with just one tap of the screen.
Simply install our free order taking app for Android or iOS, on your own smartphone, tablet or iPad to get started.
See more GloriaFood Reviews
Amanda S.
Restaurant Owner | Palm Harbor FL, USA
"My business has grown significantly with the sales optimized website. My sales have quadrupled since using it. It’s the best online food ordering system."
Julie P.
Restaurant Owner | Sandwich, MA, USA
"Your customer service has been stellar via chat/email despite no phone option. I was initially concerned your international location could be an issue but you have delivered excellent, prompt and understandable customer service via chat every time."
Niaz T.
Restaurant Owner | Cardiff, UK
"Finally a revolutionary and free food ordering software that we have been dreaming of for so many years for online orders, easy to setup, low cost, fantastic support, thank you GloriaFood!"
Patrick K.
Restaurant Owner | Azteca Exotic Foods
"We love the online sales results, we see higher sales revenue per order through the website, and the advantage of having all products visible for the client."