McCarthy: Pelosi answered only two of 10 questions on impeachment
House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy on what happened inside the Trump-Pelosi meeting, Democrats' impeachment inquiry, bipartisan legislation for sanctions against Turkey and House Republicans' plan …More
House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy on what happened inside the Trump-Pelosi meeting, Democrats' impeachment inquiry, bipartisan legislation for sanctions against Turkey and House Republicans' plan to censure Rep. Adam Schiff. FOX News operates the FOX News Channel (FNC), FOX Business Network (FBN), FOX News Radio, FOX News Headlines 24/7, FOXNews.com and the direct-to-consumer streaming service, FOX Nation. FOX News also produces FOX News Sunday on FOX Broadcasting Company and FOX News Edge. A top five-cable network, FNC has been the most watched news channel in the country for 17 consecutive years. According to a 2018 Research Intelligencer study by Brand Keys, FOX News ranks as the second most trusted television brand in the country. Additionally, a Suffolk University/USA Today survey states Fox News is the most trusted source for television news or commentary in the country, while a 2017 Gallup/Knight Foundation survey found that among Americans who could name an objective news …More
Pelosi is our green Roth or Katrin Dumpf aber Eckhart beschränkt.
New Amazon Low Point: "Pagan Rite Is Divine Service"
"So what," Father Paolo Suess, 81, replied before VaticanNews.va (October 17) to the objection that Francis' Amazon Synod opening ceremony in St. Peter's could haven been a pagan rite. Suess whos…
So according to him the Aztec practice of human sacrifice was also a Divine Service
He refuses to recognise any distinction between worshipping false gods and worshipping the true God.
View 2 more comments.
The approved apparitions of Our Lady of Akita predicted what we see in the Church today. Pray the Rosary daily.More
The approved apparitions of Our Lady of Akita predicted what we see in the Church today.
Pray the Rosary daily.
Pray the Rosary daily.
Our Lady of Akita, Japan, and Today’s Crisis“Pray very much the prayers of the Rosary.”
Susi 47 and one more user like this.
"I didn't go there to teach them"
Catholic Sat on Twitter: "At #SinodoAmazonico #AmazonSynod Presser; Bishop Gilberto Alfredo Vizcarra Mori SJ of Jaén en Peru, in preparation for Synod he "lived in forest in Peru for a month"; …More
Catholic Sat on Twitter: "At #SinodoAmazonico #AmazonSynod Presser; Bishop Gilberto Alfredo Vizcarra Mori SJ of Jaén en Peru, in preparation for Synod he "lived in forest in Peru for a month"; "I walked with these people, I spoke with this community, and I lived with them. I didn't go there to teach them"
"The apostasy must come first; the champion of wickedness must appear first. ... At present there is a power (you know what I mean) which holds him …More
"The apostasy must come first; the champion of wickedness must appear first. ... At present there is a power (you know what I mean) which holds him in check, so that he may not show himself before the time appointed to him." II Thessalonians 2
My greatest happiness is to be before the Blessed Sacrament, where my heart is, as it were, in Its center. - St. Margaret Mary Alacoque,
View 3 more comments.
PETITION: Call on Vatican must remove all "pagan" symbols from St. Peter's and the Synod Hall!A wood-carved statue of a naked indigenous woman - which has been identified as "pagan" by an indigenous leader - must be removed from St. Peter's …
No petition will stop satan.
They will remove them when hell freezes over. St Michael the Archangel defend us in battleMore
They will remove them when hell freezes over.
St Michael the Archangel defend us in battle
St Michael the Archangel defend us in battle
advoluntas@aol.com and one more user like this.
Tucker: Hillary spreads vicious lies about fellow Democrats
Hillary Clinton accuses presidential candidate Rep. Tulsi Gabbard and former candidate Jill Stein of being 'Russian assets.' #Tucker #FoxNews FOX News operates the FOX News Channel (FNC), FOX …More
Hillary Clinton accuses presidential candidate Rep. Tulsi Gabbard and former candidate Jill Stein of being 'Russian assets.' #Tucker #FoxNews FOX News operates the FOX News Channel (FNC), FOX Business Network (FBN), FOX News Radio, FOX News Headlines 24/7, FOXNews.com and the direct-to-consumer streaming service, FOX Nation. FOX News also produces FOX News Sunday on FOX Broadcasting Company and FOX News Edge. A top five-cable network, FNC has been the most watched news channel in the country for 17 consecutive years. According to a 2018 Research Intelligencer study by Brand Keys, FOX News ranks as the second most trusted television brand in the country. Additionally, a Suffolk University/USA Today survey states Fox News is the most trusted source for television news or commentary in the country, while a 2017 Gallup/Knight Foundation survey found that among Americans who could name an objective news source, FOX News is the top-cited outlet. FNC is available in nearly 90 million …More
'when Hillary can't take multiple naps durng the day, she becomes even more vicious than usual
I have no pity for Leftists. Let them eat each other.
View one more comment.
Dutch Bishop; "In the synod, nonsense that would embarrass Luther and Calvin: and the Pope is looking on."
Dutch bishop: Amazon Synod’s ‘politically correct’ agenda ignores ChristIn two searing blog posts, Bishop Robert Mutsaerts of the Netherlands voiced his concerns over the Amazon Synod, accusing it of pushing a hidden …
Salamander 77 likes this.
Cardinal Confirms, Celibacy Ceases
Cardinal Carlos Aguiar Retes, Archbishop of Mexico City, confirms that, if passed by 2/3rds of the AmazonSynod voters this Saturday, the concluding document will ask Pope Francis to explore the …More
Cardinal Carlos Aguiar Retes, Archbishop of Mexico City, confirms that, if passed by 2/3rds of the AmazonSynod voters this Saturday, the concluding document will ask Pope Francis to explore the ordination of married men in the Amazon region.
Each one of these numbskulls talks about this grave evil about to be committed against the priesthood with a smirk on their face. Just like that …More
Each one of these numbskulls talks about this grave evil about to be committed against the priesthood with a smirk on their face. Just like that other numbskull bishop, Turkson. They are evil wicked men.
Curia Cardinal: End Of Celibacy Would Concern Entire Church
The challenges in the Amazon region are similar to challenges faced in other parts of the world, said Cardinal Peter Turkson to EWTN (October 22, video below). Talking about married priests, Turkson …
He's a liberal who's trying to position himself as a moderate for the next conclave.
IT WILL BE THE END OF BERGOGLIO BECAUSE THE POPE THAT ENDS CELIBACY WILL GO TO HELL AS REVEALED BY OUR LADY TO SAINT BRIDGET AND NO …More
IT WILL BE THE END OF BERGOGLIO BECAUSE THE POPE THAT ENDS CELIBACY WILL GO TO HELL AS REVEALED BY OUR LADY TO SAINT BRIDGET AND NO ONE WILL BE ON THE SIDE OF ONE THAT WOULD GO TO HELL.
View one more comment.
Amazonian Bishop Proudly: „I Lived With Indians But Did Not Teach Them“
Bishop Gilberto Alfredo Vizcarra Mori, 59, of Jaén, Peru, a Jesuit, revealed during the October 23 Amazon Synods’ press conference that he spent one month in the Amazonian forest "in preparation of …
Cry of the earth? No, they are going to cry in hell.
He took a vacation from his vocation.
View 3 more comments.
Meanwhile, Old Mass In The Amazon
Pictures by GabrielKlautau (Twitter); "All the photos below were taken in Belém do Pará, one of the main urban centers of the Amazon region. Several friends of mine and their families have returned …More
Pictures by GabrielKlautau (Twitter); "All the photos below were taken in Belém do Pará, one of the main urban centers of the Amazon region. Several friends of mine and their families have returned to Catholicism by (re)discovering the traditional rite of the Church. This is what the Amazon really needs."
Susi 47 likes this.
Press release by the Financial Intelligence Authority (FIU): Perquisitions
On 1 October 2019, the Director of the Autorità di Informazione Finanziaria (AIF), Tommaso Di Ruzza, and his offices were searched by the Corps of the Gendarmerie of the Vatican City State in …
On october 1,2019???? Time runs by fast now a days More
On october 1,2019????
Time runs by fast now a days
Time runs by fast now a days
SeanFoley likes this.
Priestly celibacy, women deacons: What is expected from Amazon Synod - EWTN News Nightly
Some bishops have expressed support for ordaining married men priests in the Amazon region due to a clergy shortage. There has also been support for making women deacons. Cardinal Peter Turkson, …More
Some bishops have expressed support for ordaining married men priests in the Amazon region due to a clergy shortage. There has also been support for making women deacons. Cardinal Peter Turkson, head of the Dicastery for Promoting Integral Human Development, breaks down if these are real possibilities as the Synod on the Amazon heads into its final week. #SinodoAmazonico
Read This, Bishops On Mission In Remore Areas
Another statement from a Catholic in mission territories. Writing from Papua New Guinea.
Judging Actions
"As those criticising the people who removed the statues know, one can judge actions, even if one cannot judge hearts." Josheph Shaw From gloria.tv post: Moral theological Defense Of [Obviously …
Argentina, Latin America “Aren’t Really Catholic”
“I am glad Catholics are seeing the sheer evil behind Francis’ Pachamama cult,” the Argentinean reader Marcela wrote to to Mundabor.Wordpress.com (October 23). She explains that the Pachamama abuse …
YokeAndArrows likes this.
Francis Is a “Clever Politician,” “Harsh Man,” “Reckless”
The recently named cardinals are all of strict Bergoglian observance, welcome mass-immigration and inter-religion at any cost while “in the meantime the faithful are running away from the churches.” …
1 “Very truly, I tell you, anyone who does not enter the sheepfold by the gate but climbs in by another way is a thief and a bandit. 2 The one who …More
1 “Very truly, I tell you, anyone who does not enter the sheepfold by the gate but climbs in by another way is a thief and a bandit. 2 The one who enters by the gate is the shepherd of the sheep. 3 The gatekeeper opens the gate for him, and the sheep hear his voice. He calls his own sheep by name and leads them out. 4 When he has brought out all his own, he goes ahead of them, and the sheep follow him because they know his voice. 5 They will not follow a stranger, but they will run from him because they do not know the voice of strangers.”
DEFENSA DE LA FE likes this.
Melbourne Bishop Blocks Major Defendor Of Former Melbourne Cardinal Pell
English deacon Nick Donnelly does great service to the Church and to Cardinal George Pell, the martyr.
"Soon after his appointment Pell annoyed the Secretariat of State when he gave an interview in which he disclosed it had substantial unlisted funds."
Vatican inquiry may require Pell evidencenews, world Jailed Cardinal George Pell could be asked to give evidence to a Vatican inquiry into alleged irregularities in real estate investments …
Susi 47 and one more user like this.
To be fair, this new Francis' heresy was made up by CNS - not said by Francis
CNS claims (though Francis never said) :"PopeFrancis: Look at how apostles evangelized pagans & decided if they had to adhere strictly to Mosaic law. They held a council in Jerusalem, listened w/ …