AS SHOWN $38,295†(3)
AS SHOWN $45,600†(3)
AS SHOWN $73,780†(2)
AS SHOWN $44,395†(3)
AS SHOWN $66,340†(3)
AS SHOWN $69,145†(3)
* The Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Price excludes destination freight charge, tax, title, license, dealer fees and optional equipment. See your GMC dealer for details. Click here to see all GMC destination freight charges.
1Offer includes price reduction below MSRP and purchase allowance. Not available with lease and some other offers. Take retail delivery by 10/31/19. See participating dealer for details.
†MUST BE A CURRENT OWNER/LESSEE OF A 2005 MODEL YEAR OR NEWER GM VEHICLE FOR AT LEAST 30 DAYS PRIOR TO THE NEW VEHICLE SALE. Offer includes price reduction below MSRP and purchase allowance. Not available with lease, special finance and some other offers. Take retail delivery by 10/31/19. See participating dealer for details.
††Excludes SL models. Must finance through GM Financial. Some customers may not qualify. Offer includes Price Reduction Below MSRP and Purchase Allowance. Not available with lease, special finance and some other offers. Take retail delivery by 10/31/19. See participating dealer for details.
Limited availability for 2019 model year.
The Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Price excludes destination freight charge, tax, title, license, dealer fees and optional equipment. See your GMC dealer for details. Click here to see all GMC destination freight charges. Bed/Roof-Mounted Bicycle Carriers shown. Requires crossbars or Thule Rack Solution. Non-GM warranty. Warranty by Thule®. See dealer for more information.
The Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Price excludes destination freight charge, tax, title, license, dealer fees and optional equipment. See your GMC dealer for details. Click here to see all GMC destination freight charges.
Canyon’s 7700-lb rating requires 2WD Crew Cab model with available Duramax 2.8L I-4 Diesel engine. Before you buy a vehicle or use it for trailering, carefully review the trailering section of the Owner’s Manual. The weight of passengers, cargo and options or accessories may reduce the amount you can tow.
Requires 2WD Denali Short Box model with 5.3L V-8 engine. Before you buy a vehicle or use it for trailering, carefully review the trailering section of the Owner’s Manual. The weight of passengers, cargo and options or accessories may reduce the amount you can tow.
Requires 2WD Crew Cab DRW equipped with 6.6L Duramax Diesel and fifth-wheel or gooseneck hitch. Trailer weight ratings are calculated assuming properly equipped vehicle, plus driver and one passenger. The weight of other optional equipment, passengers and cargo will reduce the trailer weight your vehicle can tow. See dealer for details.
Must finance through GM Financial. Some customers may not qualify. Not available with lease, special finance and some other offers. Take retail delivery by 9/3/19. See dealer for details.
Based on MSRP of $59,255. Not available with lease, special finance and some other offers. Take retail delivery by 10/31/19. See participating dealer for details.
MUST BE A CURRENT OWNER/LESSEE OF A 2005 MODEL YEAR OR NEWER GM VEHICLE. Based on MSRP of $51,475. Not available with lease, special finance and some other offers. Take retail delivery by 7/31/19. See participating dealer for details.
Excludes SL models. MUST BE A CURRENT OWNER/LESSEE OF A 2005 MODEL YEAR OR NEWER NON-GM VEHICLE FOR AT LEAST 30 DAYS PRIOR TO THE NEW VEHICLE SALE. Not available with lease, special finance and some other offers. Take retail delivery by 10/31/19. See participating dealer for details.
Excludes SL models. MUST BE A CURRENT OWNER/LESSEE OF A 2005 MODEL YEAR OR NEWER GM VEHICLE. Not available with lease, special finance and some other offers. Take retail delivery by 7/31/19. See participating dealer for details.
MUST BE A CURRENT OWNER/LESSEE OF A 2005 MODEL YEAR OR NEWER NON-GM VEHICLE FOR AT LEAST 30 DAYS PRIOR TO THE NEW VEHICLE SALE. Must finance through GM Financial. Some customers may not qualify. Not available with some other offers. Take retail delivery by 6/3/19. See participating dealer for details.
Excludes SL models. MUST BE A CURRENT OWNER/LESSEE OF A 2005 MODEL YEAR OR NEWER GM VEHICLE. Not available with some other offers. Take retail delivery by 7/31/19. See participating dealer for details.
Excludes SL models. MUST BE A CURRENT OWNER/LESSEE OF A 2005 MODEL YEAR OR NEWER NON-GM VEHICLE FOR AT LEAST 30 DAYS PRIOR TO THE NEW VEHICLE SALE. Not available with some other offers. Take retail delivery by 6/3/19. See participating dealer for details.
MUST BE A CURRENT OWNER/LESSEE OF A 2005 MODEL YEAR OR NEWER NON-GM VEHICLE FOR AT LEAST 30 DAYS PRIOR TO THE NEW VEHICLE SALE. Based on MSRP of $45,750. Not available with lease, special finance and some other offers. Take retail delivery by 10/31/19. See participating dealer for details.
MUST BE A CURRENT OWNER/LESSEE OF A 2005 MODEL YEAR OR NEWER GM VEHICLE. Based on MSRP of $43,400. Not available with lease, special finance and some other offers. Take retail delivery by 7/31/19. See participating dealer for details.
MUST BE A CURRENT OWNER/LESSEE OF A 2005 MODEL YEAR OR NEWER GM VEHICLE FOR AT LEAST 30 DAYS PRIOR TO THE NEW VEHICLE SALE. Not available with lease, special finance and some other offers. Take retail delivery by 10/31/19. See participating dealer for details.
MUST BE A CURRENT OWNER/LESSEE OF A 2005 MODEL YEAR OR NEWER GM VEHICLE FOR AT LEAST 30 DAYS PRIOR TO THE NEW VEHICLE SALE. Based on MSRP of $72,095. Not available with lease, special finance and some other offers. Take retail delivery by 10/31/19. See participating dealer for details.
Excludes SL models. Must finance through GM Financial. Some customers may not qualify. Not available with lease, special finance and some other offers. Take retail delivery by 10/31/19. See participating dealer for details.
Excludes SL models. MUST BE A CURRENT OWNER/LESSEE OF A 2005 MODEL YEAR OR NEWER GM VEHICLE. Not available with lease, special finance and some other offers. Take retail delivery by 7/31/19. See participating dealer for details.
Based on MSRP of $52,050. Must finance through GM Financial. Some customers may not qualify. Not available with lease, special finance and some other offers. Take retail delivery by 10/31/19. See participating dealer for details.
Requires 4WD Double Cab with available 6.2L V8 and Max Trailering Package. Before you buy a vehicle or use it for trailering, carefully review the trailering section of the Owner’s Manual. The weight of passengers, cargo and options or accessories may reduce the amount you can tow.
Requires properly equipped 3500 Regular Cab DRW Long Box 2WD model with available 6.6L Duramax Turbo Diesel engine and gooseneck hitch. Before you buy a vehicle or use it for trailering, carefully review the trailering section of the Owner’s Manual. The weight of passengers, cargo and options or accessories may reduce the amount you can tow.
Before you buy a vehicle or use it for trailering, carefully review the trailering section of the Owner’s Manual. The weight of passengers, cargo and options or accessories may reduce the amount you can tow.
Requires 2WD Denali Short Box model with 5.3L V-8 engine. Before you buy a vehicle or use it for trailering, carefully review the trailering section of the Owner’s Manual. The weight of passengers, cargo and options or accessories may reduce the amount you can tow.
Savana Passenger's 9,600-lb rating requires a 2500 or 3500 Regular wheelbase model with available 6.0L V8 engine and trailering equipment package. Before you buy a vehicle or use it for trailering, carefully review the trailering section of the Owner’s Manual. The weight of passengers, cargo and options or accessories may reduce the amount you can tow.
Savana Cargo’s 10,000-lb rating requires the available 6.0L V8 engine and trailering equipment package. Before you buy a vehicle or use it for trailering, carefully review the trailering section of the Owner’s Manual. The weight of passengers, cargo and options or accessories may reduce the amount you can tow.
Savana Cutaway’s 9,006-lb rating requires a 4500 Series 159" Wheelbase model with available 6.0L V8 engine. These maximum payload ratings are intended for comparison purposes only. Before you buy a vehicle or use it to haul people or cargo, carefully review the vehicle loading section of the Owner’s Manual and check the carrying capacity of your specific vehicle on the label on the inside of the driver’s door jamb.
Gross Combination Weight Rating (GCWR). When properly equipped; includes weight of vehicle and trailer combination, including the weight of driver, passengers, fuel, optional equipment and cargo in the vehicle and trailer.
Maximum Gross Vehicle Weight Rating (GVWR). When properly equipped; includes weight of vehicle, passengers, cargo and equipment.
Canyon’s 7000-lb rating requires available trailering package and 3.6L V-6 engine. Before you buy a vehicle or use it for trailering, carefully review the trailering section of the Owner’s Manual. The weight of passengers, cargo and options or accessories may reduce the amount you can tow.
Sierra's 12,500-lb rating requires Sierra Double Cab or Crew Cab Short box 2wd with 6.2L EcoTec3 V8 engine and NHT Max Trailering Package. Before you buy a vehicle or use it for trailering, carefully review the trailering section of the Owner’s Manual. The weight of passengers, cargo and options or accessories may reduce the amount you can tow.
Trailer weight ratings are calculated assuming properly equipped vehicle, plus driver and one passenger. The weight of other optional equipment, passengers and cargo will reduce the trailer weight your vehicle can tow. See dealer for details.
Sierra Denali's 9,300-lb rating requires 2wd. Before you buy a vehicle or use it for trailering, carefully review the trailering section of the Owner’s Manual. The weight of passengers, cargo and options or accessories may reduce the amount you can tow.
Savana Passenger's 10,000-lb rating requires 2500 Wheel Base with 6.0L V8 engine. Before you buy a vehicle or use it for trailering, carefully review the trailering section of the Owner’s Manual. The weight of passengers, cargo and options or accessories may reduce the amount you can tow.
Savana Cargo's 10,000-lb rating requires 6.0L V8 engine. Before you buy a vehicle or use it for trailering, carefully review the trailering section of the Owner’s Manual. The weight of passengers, cargo and options or accessories may reduce the amount you can tow.
These maximum payload ratings are intended for comparison purposes only. Before you buy a vehicle or use it to haul people or cargo, carefully review the vehicle loading section of the Owner’s Manual and check the carrying capacity of your specific vehicle on the label on the inside of the driver’s door jamb.
Gross Combination Weight Rating (GCWR). When properly equipped, includes weight of vehicle, passengers, cargo and equipment.
Requires properly equipped 3500 Regular Cab DRW Long Box 2WD model with available 6.6L Duramax Turbo Diesel engine and gooseneck hitch (late availability). Before you buy a vehicle or use it for trailering, carefully review the trailering section of the Owner’s Manual. The weight of passengers, cargo and options or accessories may reduce the amount you can tow.
Available. Requires 2.0L Turbocharged gas engine.
Terrain's 3,500-lb rating requires available 2.0L Turbocharged gas engine and available trailering equipment. Before you buy a vehicle or use it for trailering, carefully review the trailering section of the Owner’s Manual. The weight of passengers, cargo and options or accessories may reduce the amount you can tow.
Requires available 3.6L V6 engine. Before you buy a vehicle or use it for trailering, carefully review the trailering section of the Owner’s Manual. The weight of passengers, cargo and options or accessories may reduce the amount you can tow.
Yukon’s 8,500-lb rating requires short wheelbase 2wd with 5.3L EcoTec3 V8 engine and HD Trailering Package. Before you buy a vehicle or use it for trailering, carefully review the trailering section of the Owner’s Manual. The weight of passengers, cargo and options or accessories may reduce the amount you can tow.