Facilities
Management
Made Simple
FMX enables facilities managers to more efficiently and effectively track work orders, schedule resources, and plan maintenance. Our cloud-based Computerized Maintenance Management System (CMMS) features a calendar view simple enough for anyone to use to submit, track, and manage their requests, events, and assets.
A simple calendar display makes it easy to keep track of work orders, planned maintenance, assets, and much more. With just a couple clicks you can view, respond to, and resolve items, or drag and drop them to another day.
The FMX CMMS shows you where your team is excelling, and where to focus energy for improvements. Create and share customized reports and dashboards to ensure that you’re making data-driven facilities management decisions.
With flexible email notifications, your maintenance management team will know immediately when a work order is submitted or updated, and people will know when their work orders have been responded to or resolved.
We’ve been named “The #1 Best-Reviewed Facilities Management System” on the popular online software resource, Software Advice, demonstrating our high levels of customer satisfaction and excellent customer support. We offer free, unlimited support via phone and email and additional educational materials in our online support center.
We enable you to ‘build-your-own’ FM system that meets the demands of your organization. Our customer success team is ready to work with you to make sure you have everything you need, and nothing you don’t.
FMX is cloud-based and available using any device with a web browser including PCs, tablets, and smartphones. Your data will always be in sync and you’ll automatically receive updates with new features. Over 20% of users access FMX on a mobile device allowing them to manage their facilities on the go.
FMX ensures accountability by easily adapting to the unique structure of your organization, defining each user’s role and what they are allowed to view and change in your system.
In the first 3 months of using FMX, Primary Aim, a large Wendy’s restaurant franchise, saved $33,000 on equipment costs and $9,100 in travel expenses, which includes wear and tear on company vehicles and gas consumption.
Englewood Construction, Inc., a commercial general contractor, has taken on 30% more stores without having to hire additional staff thanks to their FMX-induced efficiency boost.
Tracking cost data and trends by campus has triggered a capital replacement plan for rooftop units at one Academica Nevada campus which will result in an estimated cost savings upwards of $30,000 per year in HVAC services.
At Rocketship Education, vendor response time for work orders has been reduced from 1-2 weeks to only 1-2 days.
We are a dedicated team of individuals who are passionate about helping people have better lives. We’ll make sure your team gets up and running quickly and smoothly with FMX.
Give us a call at 1 (844) 664-4400 or send us an email at support@gofmx.com.