Go Global Travel offers a variety of products geared to suit you and your client’s needs including hotels, apartments, transfers and car rentals.
We are currently offering a portfolio of over 200,000 Hotels and Apartments at negotiated prices available in 208 countries throughout the globe with last minute availability.
Our transfer product is currently available in over 600 locations, with new suppliers being added regularly.
Enjoy our car rentals worldwide with FOC cancellation up to 48 hours prior to pick up time.
All of our products come with the guarantee of 24/7 customer service provided to you at no additional cost with 12 offices worldwide, and 14 languages to ensure your booking process with us goes smoothly.
No matter how you connect, our in house IT team provides service to ensure a seamless integration process to Go Global Travel.
With our travel professionals, account managers, customer service, diversified products with dynamic pricing, and variety of ways to connect to our platform, you’ll see how Go Global Travel is quickly becoming a household name in the travel industry. Request your login today to see why over 20,000 travel trade partners continue to GO GLOBAL with us.
With our dynamic pricing model, you can enjoy the best rates with last minute availability virtually everywhere in the world. And- with over 5.5 million room nights sold, you will also benefit from our aggregated buying power as well as a variety of currencies.
Now available on our API, this product is quickly becoming a must-have for any travel trade professional, and with our pricing model and aggregated buying power- you will be able to offer it to your clients for a seamless travel experience at the lowest cost.
Make the most of your trip using our car rental product. With over 600 locations worldwide and over 50 global and local supplier partners, we can help you find the best pricing worldwide.
We may not have invented customer service- but we’ve perfected it, and provide it to our clients at no additional cost 24/7 in 14 different languages. So you can rest assured that the products you buy from Go Global Travel will come with the very best support whenever you need.
Connection capabilities:
Request your login today and discover our award winning extranet directly hosted by Go Global Travel.
Maintain your full brand integrity and connect with us via XML API on our cloud based infrastructure with full tech support from our in house IT Team.
Alternatively, for B2B distributions, white label solutions provide you with a simple frame to display Go Global Products.
Working with Go Global Travel will provide you with a number of benefits to your B2B business including, but not limited to, the following:
Dynamic pricing based on content aggregation
Multiple currencies with attractive exchange rates
Dedicated account managers
Multilingual service and account managers
Many connectivity options
Wide array of products
In-House tech support
24/7 Customer service in 14 languages
Dedicated phone numbers for 12 offices worldwide
Modify your own markup on our wholesale prices
Customizable vouchers with your company logo & address
Now available on our API, this product is quickly becoming a must-have for any travel trade professional, and with our pricing model and aggregated buying power- you will be able to offer it to your clients for a seamless travel experience at the lowest cost.:
Over 200,000 hotels and apartments
Over 50% of our product coming from Chains & Direct Contracts
New Content being added regularly
Dynamic Pricing model that ensures that you receive the most competitive rates
Last minute availability on product worldwide
Want to sell to us?
Send us a message, and one of our account managers will determine if you’re eligible to distribute your product with us - Contact Us.
By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understand our Cookie Policy, Privacy Policy, and our Terms of Use. X