Price of Gold & Precious Metals Charts
Current Price of Gold Chart
Price of Gold Charts
Gold Market News
In our previous article, we told you about a shocking analogy in gold stocks and what it implies for the following months for gold and the rest of the precious metals sector. And you know what? As we dig deeper, the story got even more jaw-...
Our proprietary cycle indicator is down. Gold sector is on major buy signal. Meanwhile, gold has traced out a three wave which is also corrective.
When speaking of gold and silver, analysts and investors are always happy to share their viewpoints on the fundamentals for the two metals. Lately, the list of fundamentals seems to be growing.
Latest Gold Articles
Frank Holmes, CEO of U.S. Global Investors, discusses why he believes gold will go to $10,000, weighs in on the cryptocurrency versus gold debate, and explains why his gold and precious metals ETF is outperforming its peers, naming some of its top performing...
Tuesday’s session showcased a textbook range bound grind and backtest as the price action could not break above the overnight 3014.25 high on the Emini S&P 500 (ES) to force a trend day.
The gold reserves of the German Bundesbank rose in September for the first time in 21 years; German gold reserves rose to 108.34 million ounces in September from 108.25 million ounces last month
Today I want to talk to you about the SP500 because it’s on the verge of making a very significant move. We could experience a 15% rally or a 15% decline and it could be just around the corner.
Boris Johnson struggles to push the Brexit agreement through the British Parliament. For it can bite back! Who wins this battle? One could hope that gold, but this is not so certain…
“What is the best predictor of future behavior? Past behavior.” And while this certainly does not always hold, there is a lesson to be learned from this adage for gold investors. Yup, a saying about behavior might be important for the precious metals market.
You have all heard me opine about the (un)dependability of rules-based investing in a managed market environment, where it is not kosher for a financial advisor to fire off a promotional tweet about their favorite stock but it is perfectly acceptable for a sitting...
If investors bring proper tactics to the table, gold price reactions can be exhilarating.
The Wall Street Journal’s Jason Zweig famously referred to gold as a “Pet Rock” in 2015. He was blasted by people who understand that gold is no passing fad, and it serves some very important roles in an investment portfolio.
The best performing metal this week was palladium, up 3.26 percent as its one-week lease rate reached the highest since January, indicating physical supplies are tight. Gold traders and analysts in the weekly Bloomberg survey were mostly neutral on the metal’s price...
We talk a lot about the falling interest rate, the too-low interest rate, the near-zero interest rate, the zero interest rate, and the negative interest rate. Hat Tip to Switzerland, where Credit Suisse is now going to pay depositors -0.85%. That is, if you lend...
Nearing the end of October, traders are usually a bit more cautious about the markets than at other times of the year. History has proven that October can be a month full of surprises. It appears in 2019 is no different. Right now, the markets are still range...
Precious metals enjoyed a very strong move this past summer. Both gold and gold stocks broke past multi-year resistance and showed the kind of positive momentum that has been lacking for years.
It is my privilege now to welcome in Bill Holter of JSMineset and the Holter-Sinclair Collaboration. Since leaving Wall Street more than a decade ago, Bill has made a name for himself as an astute and highly respected market commentator, writer and has teamed up...
Negative interest rates and $250 trillion of global debt has turned the world of investments and pensions “on its head.” Gold is doing very well and is up 17% in dollar terms so far this year (19% in euros and 17% in British pounds).
The normal and natural business cycle where periods of growth were punctuated by healthy recessions has been all but eliminated by government and Central Bank interference. The recessionary phases which saw bearmarkets and retrenchment were a part of the cycle that...
This story is about one of the world’s largest gold hoards stored in one of the largest most secure vaults ever built. The French stored their 2,500 tons of gold in their secure underground vault in Paris. When the Germans began their offensive, the French started...
SPX traded in a less than 50-point range last week, continuing what appears to be the formation of an intermediate distribution top which could bring a sizeable correction when complete. IWM, which has done a good job of acting as a barometer for SPX still...
A week ago at this time, Gold's "expected daily trading range" (which for you WestPalmBeachers down there is how many estimated points we 'spect there'll be between Gold's high and low for the next trading day) was 24 points, the "expected weekly trading range" then...
Another week, but for the Dow Jones Index the song remains the same: so close yet so far from making a new all-time high. The Dow has remained above its BEV -7.5% line since last February, though in May and August it came down to test this level. Now in late...
In this interview Kerry Stevenson from Symposium discusses with Egon von Greyerz the deteriorating health of the global world economy. The root cause originates from deceitful governments, derivatives, money printing and too much debt.