Filmmaker Ric Burns chronicles the 150-year history of Goldman Sachs and the global economy.
The increasing pressure to reduce single-use plastic and changing consumer behavior is putting a question mark on the long-term demand growth of the plastics industry. Nikhil Bhandari of Goldman Sachs Research explains how efforts to limit plastic’s environmental impact could affect the industry over the next decade. Watch Video
Autonomous driving is upending the auto industry as both traditional carmakers and new tech companies compete for the future of mobility. Axel Hoefer of Goldman Sachs Investment Banking Division explains how the development of this new technology is impacting deal making. Watch Video
Goldman Sachs’ Head of Energy Research Damien Courvalin explains why the oil market is much better positioned to deal with supply outages today, and thus is a less likely recession trigger than in the past. But the Council on Foreign Relations’ President, Richard Haass, and Columbia Professor Richard Nephew explain why instability looks set to rise in the Middle East and beyond. Learn More
In partnership with Babson College, Goldman Sachs 10,000 Small Businesses surveyed 2,285 growth-oriented small businesses to understand their perspectives on the current economy and how today’s workforce, regulatory and capital environment impacts their growth. Learn More
Adam Rippon discusses his journey to becoming a world-renowned skater, making history as the first openly gay US athlete to medal in the Winter Olympics, and his efforts to advocate for LGBT rights in the US and around the world. Watch Video
Europe’s slow economic growth and low inflation have led many to wonder if the region is at risk of “Japanification.” In this episode of The Long & Short of It, Sharon Bell of Goldman Sachs Research explains some of the lessons investors can take from Japan’s recent past to better understand Europe’s future. Watch Video
Podcast Series
Exchanges at Goldman Sachs is our podcast where people from across the firm share their insights on developments shaping markets, industries and the global economy.
Careers at Goldman Sachs
Here, we make things possible. Here, what we do extends far beyond finance. Discover a day in the life of our people and learn more about our culture.
A weekly email from Goldman Sachs about trends shaping markets, industries and the global economy.