Door Kickers: Action Squad is a crazy old school side scroller action game that puts you in the role of a SWAT trooper and sends you to deal with the bad guys in Nowhere City USA.
Door Kickers: Action Squad is a crazy old school side scroller action game that puts you in the role of a SWAT trooper and sends you to deal with the bad guys in Nowhere City USA.
Explore the secrets of a mysterious fallen temple and put your Templar faith to the test in Dark Devotion, where no sacrifice is too great in praise of your God. Measure your devotion and your bravery by journeying into deepest darkness for answers to questions that will challenge your very existence.
Earthfall is a 4-player co-op shooter where you team up with friends or play alone to save the world from invading aliens. Search for over 20 different kinds of weapons, or use 3D printers to print your own! Automatic turrets, deployable barricades, or mounted guns let you set up defenses to channel the enemy into kill zones. Battle your way through 16 epic levels that tell the continuing story of humanity's struggle to survive. Every playthrough is a unique experience, with dynamic spawns and reactive enemies for maximum replay value.
Different narratives await the player as various catastrophes continue to devastate the city. Evaluate each perilous situation and make decisions that will impact your own safety, as well as that of others. Will you choose to be sympathetic and charitable, or look out only for yourself?
Dragon Quest X Online's big Version 5 update is now available, which has numerous fans flocking back to the game. Square-Enix is also using this opportunity to woo in some new players, as they've added a special Dragon Quest X Online trial version to the Switch eShop today. The trial was previously only available to those who purchased Japanese copies of Dragon Quest XI S.
Sonic Mania and Team Sonic Racing saw a number of different animated shorts released to promote the titles, and they were all a huge hit. Can we hope for more content like that in the future? According to a Comicbook.com interview with Yukio Kusumoto, Sega's Director of Animation, that will indeed be the case.
I can say we have a plan of continuing this trend creating short-form content per game release, and we can't announce yet, but several projects have been planned; for those projects, we are in early development, but yes, we will continue releasing this type of content.
By drawing pheromone trails, you direct your ground forces to different destinations, working with streams of units rather than individual ants. Much like a tower defense game, your mission is to protect the hill as wave upon wave of enemy bugs are thrown at you.
When the Earth falls to an extra-terrestrial invasion, humanity becomes an endangered species! Battle the alien horde in this frenetic 4-player co-op shooter.
"Atelier Ryza" is about a girl and her friends on the verge of adulthood, discovering what’s most important to them. The concept of this title, the latest in the series to depict a new "Atelier" world, is "True-to-life youths that develop together, even if just a little bit".