Planter beds can have so many variations, but if you want one that is comfortable too, a raised bed with benches is the best option. This type of structure is higher than the regular ones and your back won’t hurt while gardening. In this video is a custom planter bench with a two tear raised bed in the back. (more…)
Funny Cat Signs to make life a little more fun
This sign is great. A perfectly versatile full color signs that is guaranteed to make a perfect gift or accessory for anything else you can think of.. Display this little beauty to give warning to all those that may trespass while your Cat are on guard duty. What do you think? Check out this Cat Sign in the link below… (more…)
Christmas Wine Advent Calendar
I love it!! It’s really cute and the mini wine bottles fit perfectly. We took a traditional Christmas Tree shape and turned it into 24 days of celebration and libation! This plywood tree holds 24 standard Piccolo, aka Split, bottles of wine (187.5 ml capacity) –OR choose a scaled-down version to hold single-shot liquor bottles — in an Advent-style calendar to countdown the days until Christmas. (more…)
WOODEN BATHTUB: What an incredible design!
These art pieces are completely stabilized, waterproof and smooth to the touch. NK Woodworking developed a unique, maintenance-free wooden bath that is not affected by extreme humidity, dryness, or common liquid cleaning products and are designed for daily use. (more…)
How To Make An Outdoor Kitchen Upcycled Pallet Outdoor Grill
Pallets are great for DIY projects, as they are a cheap and accessible supply. Not to mention, that pallets are very easy to work with. So if you’re feeling a little craftsy and wish to build something new for your yard, this outdoor grill made out of pallets and corrugated tin is the project you are looking.
The Best Wood Pellet Grill and Smoker
Perfect for your own backyard, the Wood Pellet Grill and Smoker takes outdoor cooking versatility to all new heights. Boasting a total cooking area over of 3,400 square inches and fully integrated multi-chamber smoking cabinets, the LG Champion is designed to be a show stopper as well as a belly filler. (more…)
Miniature VILLAGE in your GARDEN
This could be an idea that keeps the kids busy in school holidays.
All you need are some mini houses figurines or some ornaments kits that can be applied in any miniature garden. These can bring you pleasant visual effect, it also can create a fairy world in your mini garden. All you need can be found here. (more…)
A yard FENCE made out of DOORS
Here’s a great recycle project, but is better to scrape & paint them. Did you decide on building a fence but aren’t quite sure what design to choose and how the final result will look? How about these fences made out of old doors? Old wooden doors can be turned into useful and quite nice-looking fences. (more…)
Double Storey Container Home
This double storey container house has been an inspiration to many. This container home in particular is quite large and has a very large court yard. From our understanding this is used as a single home, but as you can see it would work very well for dual occupancy. (more…)
Follow us!
Feed
Pintrest
Tumblr