Are you fond of creating themes and playing with icons on the page? Congratulations, Google has launched its best feature for you to play with the page’s icon. Google gravity page is famous for making themes and designs for its search engine pages for different vital dates and holidays. Google gravity is another homepage that is always accessible and enables you to play with the page’s icon. Google gravity works the same as the actual google search engine but you will find its icon distorted, unlike the traditional way.
Accessibility
the amazing Google gravity is quite the same as Google itself despite the graphics and icons. Google gravity may not be available on the Google homepage, but you can have it in google search results. When you search “google gravity” on the homepage of Google. On search results, you will find “google gravity- Mr. doob” on the top. This is where you have to click in order to reach google gravity.
Therefore, you don’t have to log in to any website to access google gravity, especially.
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
How does google gravity works?
Google gravity works the same as the Google homepage, but there are some differences and features like moving and dropping icons. You will find dropping icons on the home page that you can set as per your choice. You can also drag the icons to create themes and different homepages. You can have a creative website with google gravity.
Does google gravity functions the same as google?
Google gravity has the same functionality as the actual google homepage. It has the same search engine despite the icons and the themes. With google gravity, you are good to go to create themes and to move or to drag icons.
How to use google gravity?
Google gravity is available to you as long as you have a good internet connection. Search the google gravity on the search engine of actual google, and you will find it the top searches.
What is Google gravity?
Google gravity is the search engine of Google that provides the same function as the actual google homepage, but it can let the user play with icons and the themes of the search engine page.
How to use google gravity?
Once you are on the homepage of google gravity and have the icon on the bottom of the page, you can drop and drag the icons. Using the cursor, you can drop, drag, and move the icons the way you want. So, you are free to play with the themes and icons of the search engine homepage.
How to make google gravity work?
You only have to reach the homepage of google gravity, and it is all set to function as long as you have a secured internet connection. Search whatever you want to search and see the results with the creative icons.
As you can see, google gravity is another fun tool for people who like to play with themes and icons. So, you only have to google and search for this amazing feature by google.