DESTINY 2 GUIDES
Destiny 2 Garden of Salvation Raid – Consecrated Mind, Tether Puzzle, Underbrush Tower
Garden of Salvation is the new Destiny 2 raid. It takes place on the Moon, and it was added in the Shadowkeep expansion. As always,…
Destiny 2 Essence of Despair – Moon Activities
Essence of Despair is a quest item in Destiny 2 Shadowkeep. It can drop while you’re out and about, doing missions and being all guardiany….
Destiny 2 Monte Carlo Exotic Auto Rifle – How to Get
Monte Carlo is an exotic weapon in Destiny 2: Shadowkeep. This auto rifle pairs well with hand to hand combat, as it has perks that…
Destiny 2 Jade Rabbit Locations – You Lack Something
Jade Rabbits in Destiny 2 are a new type of “collectible” that you can find strewn across the map, and, when approached, tell players that…
BORDERLANDS 3 GUIDES
Borderlands 3 All Secrets, Puzzles & Easter Eggs
Secrets, puzzles and easter eggs are a big part of Borderlands 3. Gearbox Software love…
Borderlands 3 Jakobs Estate Skull Bookshelf Puzzle Solution
Jakobs Estate skull bookshelf secret door is a puzzle in Borderlands 3 that you can…
Borderlands 3 Red Chest Locations
Red Chests in Borderlands 3 are a sort of collectible in the game that you…
Borderlands 3 Typhon Logs Locations Map
Typhon Logs are a kind of crew challenge in Borderlands 3. They’re collectibles – each…
Borderlands 3 Dead Claptrap Locations Map – Claptrap Parts
Dead Claptraps are a kind of crew challenge in Borderlands 3. They’re collectibles strewn across…
Destiny 2 Memory of Omar Agah Hive Wizard & Throwing Knives Locations
Memory of Omar Agah in Destiny 2 Shadowkeep is a new quest that you can…
Destiny 2 Back Way – Banshee’s Workshop Entrance Location
Back Way is a quest step in Destiny 2. It’s part of the Make Bows,…
Outer Worlds Starting Times on PC, Xbox One, PlayStation 4
Obsidian have revealed the starting times for The Outer Worlds on their forum. As it…
Destiny 2 Make Bows Not War Exotic Quest – Leviathan’s Breath Bow
Leviathan’s Breath is an exotic weapon in Destiny 2. It’s a bow that fires heavy…
Watch Dogs Legion Will Allow Up to 20 Playable Characters at a Time
With most fans of Watch Dogs already in the know about Legion letting you recruit…
Werewolf The Apocalypse Earthblood Reveal Trailer Released
The reveal trailer for Werewolf: The Apocalypse – Earthblood is now out; our premiere peek…
Elder Scrolls Online Dragonhold DLC Trailer Released
Dragonhold is the latest DLC pack for Elder Scrolls Online. It has been released on…
Pokemon Go to Introduce Online Player Battles in Go Battle League
Niantic have announced a whole new online “mode” for Pokemon go, called Go Battle League….
Borderlands 3 Bloody Harvest Halloween Event Dates Revealed
Gearbox has unveiled the launch date and the end date for the Bloody Harvest Halloween…
Outer Worlds Recommended & Minimum PC Requirements Revealed
The developers of Outer Worlds have revealed the minimum and recommended system requirements for the…
Crusader Kings 3 Announced for 2020, With a Trailer & Some Details
Babies are great. They’re full of potential, and with the right guidance, they can become amazing people and competent rulers. Unless they’re born with less…
Superverse New Trailer Shows Off Shoot-Em-Up Action
Developer Superverse Industries has released a new trailer for their upcoming brainchild, Superverse. It’s a futuristic shoot-em-up game, where you take control of an AI…
Mortal Kombat 11 Halloween Masquerade Skin Pack Revealed
NetherRealm has released a trailer for the new Halloween skin pack for Mortal Kombat 11. I don’t know why a skin pack needs a trailer…
Mortal Kombat 11 Free Weekend Announced for October 11-14
NetherRealm and Warner Bros are gonna host a free weekend for Mortal Kombat 11 on Xbox One and PlayStation 4. It’s gonna take place from…
Rocket League Halloween Event Features Stranger Things
Psyonix have revealed this year’s Halloween Event in Rocket League. It’s gonna feature Stranger Things pretty prominently. You can look forward to a host of…
PlayStation 5 Release Window & Other Details Revealed
The launch window of the PlayStation 5 has been confirmed. As many people have already guessed, the new console is going to launch in 2020,…
MediEvil Remake Limited Time Demo Live on PlayStation Store
If you’re interested in the MediEvil Remake, we have some good news for you. There’s a limited-time demo for the remake, and it’s already up…
Code Vein Promotion Lets You Purchase the Game with Blood
Bandai Namco and the American Red Cross are partnering in a special promotion for the upcoming vampire action RPG, Code Vein. Basically, if you donate…
Resident Evil 2 Remake Mod Introduces Pennywise the Clown
There’s yet another mod for the Resident Evil 2 remake out in the wild that changes the appearance of Mr. X. There’s so many to…
Celeste Chapter 9 Farewell Free DLC Now Available
The long-awaited final chapter of Celeste, appropriately called Farewell, is now out for all that own the game. It’s completely free, and it contains a…
Borderlands 3 Pre-Load & Launch Times Revealed on PC, PS4, Xbox One
Gearbox have announced the pre-load and launch times for Borderlands 3. These cover both consoles, aka PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, as well as PC….
Spyro Reignited Switch Version Comes With Huge Download
The physical edition of Spyro Reignited Trilogy on the Nintendo Switch requires you to download 8.7 GB of data. You have to download all this,…