Goto is your one-stop online shopping marketplace in Pakistan bringing a reliable, hassle-free and convenient shopping experience to your fingertips. Founded on the precipice of trust and peace of mind, Goto aims to provide an unfailing and absolutely trouble-free shopping experience to the people of Pakistan. Online shopping in Pakistan has seen a significant boom in the mainstream over the last few years.
With more and more people stepping into the realm of online shopping in Pakistan, Goto came forward with a unique shopping experience, combining online shopping with the most sought out element people in Pakistan look for: Trust, Reliability, Originality, and Agility. With an unparalleled assortment of leading electronics, fashion, beauty, and lifestyle brands, we stand our ground on providing 100% original products to our customers and make sure that the best collections of clothing, electronics, and fashion accessories reach you in the comfort of your home.
As Pakistan's online shopping landscape is expanding each year, online shopping in Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad and other big cities of Pakistan is gaining momentum. This increasing trend is not limited to urban cities only. A large untapped rural segment of the population of Pakistan is increasingly transitioning to online shopping, providing ample opportunity for retailers to connect with thousands of shoppers across the country on a more accessible and convenient platform. Realizing this surge in online business, Goto brings an unmatched online shopping experience to all parts of the country and offers free home delivery on any product you order on our website.
No matter where you live in Pakistan, we will deliver your order anywhere you are, within 3 to 7 working days of your order placement. Every product on Goto is just a few clicks away. You just have to add your desired product to your cart, tell us your destination, and place the order. We'll take care of the rest. Everything you need will reach you at your doorstep with the added luxury of cash on delivery.
Amid tons of different online stores in Pakistan, Goto aims to redefine its consumer experience by following and strictly adhering to international quality standards of customer service and product delivery. We make sure that the product you ordered is the product that's delivered to you. But if at any time within 7 days of purchase, you feel the product is not up to your requirement or as you expected, our easy returns and exchange policy enables you to return the product for either an exchange or full money back.
Celebrate Independence Day this year with Goto, shop items at amazing discounts from Goto’s Independence Day Sale 2019. Azadi sale 2019 by Goto brings you hundreds of high quality products from the best brands at the best prices. Don’t miss out on this opportunity.
Goto’s online grocery shop has all the essential grocery items available for you at the tip of your fingertips. Shop from edibles to cleaning items at the best prices and have your order delivered to your doorstep in no time.
Customer satisfaction, trust, transparency, and commitment are the terms that define us and we work day and night to make your online shopping experience easier and free of all worries.