There are Surface Pro alternatives that offer lower prices, more battery life, more storage and include the accessories you need...
Call of Duty Mobile is the hottest new mobile game and if you’re just getting started you’ll need some help. These are the best Call of...
iPad mini 5 users are complaining about a variety of issues as we push away from the latest iPadOS 13 release. The iPad mini 5 is...
These are the best scary games and horror games you can play on iPhone or Android. Intense, heart-pounding, spooky games with zombies walking around that are...
The iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus are getting older but there are still a few to consider making one of them your next phone. There...
If you’re dealing with bad Pixel 4 battery life and your new phone isn’t lasting as long as expected we’re here to help. In this guide, we explain...
The Walmart Black Friday ad is the most anticipated ad out there, and this is what you can expect from Walmart in 2019, as well as what...
Apple’s iOS 13.1.3 update is a small point release, but it could have a big impact on your iPhone XS or iPhone XS Max’s overall performance....
Apple’s confirmed an iPadOS 13.2 update for iPad, iPad Pro, iPad Air, and iPad mini and the new firmware is currently in beta testing ahead of...
You might have your eyes on the new OnePlus 7T or the Galaxy Note 10, but some of you might be better off waiting for the OnePlus 8 and...
Apple’s confirmed an iOS 13.2 update and the software is in beta testing ahead of an official release for iPhone. Unless Apple decides to release iOS 13.1.4,...
If you’re dealing with bad Pixel 4 battery life and your new phone isn’t lasting as long as expected we’re here to...
The new OnePlus 7T is one of the best budget phones you can buy right now, but it’s not perfect. And while it already...
Here’s a list of the most common Galaxy S10 problems and how to fix them, that way you can get...
The OnePlus 7 Pro is one of the best phones you can buy right now, but it’s not perfect. And while they’ve...
The macOS Catalina update is out with a plethora of new features, bug fixes, and security patches, but there are already...
Is your MacBook Air or MacBook Pro suffering from bad macOS Catalina battery life after upgrading to the latest release of...
You can downgrade from macOS Catalina to Mojave if you run into problems or you simply don’t like the new version...
This guide shows you how to clean install macOS Catalina so that you can leave behind any problems from macOS Mojave and...
Are you experiencing bad Apple Watch 5 battery life? If so, you aren’t alone as many users complain about short...
You can install the watchOS 6.1 beta on your Apple Watch without a developer account. You first need to install...