Research is one of the major aspects of the game … and the one taking the longest. To plan ahead how long you really need to reach a certain goal, we created a tool and can finally say that our GOTWICTips Research Time Calculator now Live!
Game of Thrones Winter is Coming: Expedition Schedule
In our Game of Thrones Winter is Coming: Fastest Way to Grow Power post we explained to you how to grow in power. A heavy focus should lie on going to expeditions and farm for the right gear (research and building for most) but when do the right mobs show up the next time? In this Game of Thrones Winter is Coming: Expedition Schedule we show you how many days it takes until you can farm your desired mobs again.
Game of Thrones Winter is Coming: Spend Gems Properly
To grow as effective as possible, spending your Diamonds the right way is key. No matter if you are a Free to Play (F2P) player or a Paying (P2P) player, this is a very critical part for you. In this Game of Thrones Winter is Coming: Spend Gems Properly guide, we show you on what you should spend your diamonds to reach your target as fast and efficient as possible.
Game of Thrones Winter is Coming: Best Talents
Talents are a very powerful tool in GOT:WiC! With talents you are able to adapt quickly to different situations in the game and change the outcome of them drastically. In this post we show you Game of Thrones Winter is Coming: Best Talents for different situations.
Game of Thrones Winter is Coming: Fastest Way to Grow Power
Power in GOT:WiC might be the stat which is looked at the most! This is mainly driven by the „Personal“ and „Alliance“ leaderboards. This stat is more than just a random number with a lot of benefits. In this „Game of Thrones Winter is Coming: Fastest Way to Grow Power“ guide we explain to you what power is and how to grow it the fastest way possible!
Game of Thrones Winter is Coming: Fastest way to gather Resources
Resources are needed for nearly everything in the game. Be it upgrading buildings, research or training troops … all those things require Food, Wood, Stone, Iron and/or Gold. To optimize your resource income is key to grow as fast as possible, and gathering resources on the world map will be one major aspect of it. In this Game of Thrones Winter is Coming: Fastest way to gather Resources Guide we explain how to optimize gathering and get the most out of it!
Game of Thrones Winter is Coming Guide: Fastest Way to Lord LvL 60
The lord level in Game of Thrones Winter is Coming is quite important! With a higher level you unlock more talent points, increase the maximal level of your commander and you can craft better quality gear. The Game of Thrones Winter is Coming Guide: Fastest Way to Lord LvL 60 will help you to reach that goal the fastest way possible.
Game of Thrones Winter is Coming Guide: Building your Inner City
You may have started with Game of Thrones Winter is coming or playing for a bit and want to increase your current outcome. This is where the “Game of Thrones Winter is Coming Guide: Building your Inner City” will help you! In this post, we tell and explain you different tactics for your needs.
Game of Thrones Winter is Coming: Ways to earn Diamonds Without Paying
In Game of Thrones Winter is Coming, diamonds are used to buy all kind of things, like all kind of resources, speedups, VIP Points and more. In this Game of Thrones Winter is Coming: Ways to Earn Diamonds Without Paying post, we tell you all ways to get diamonds for free!
Game of Thrones Winter is Coming Beginners Guide
Game of Thrones Winter is Coming is a MMO strategy game with a Game of Thrones Theme. The main focus is to build troops with your allegiance, battle other allegiances and ultimately become the Lord of the Seven Kingdoms! In this Game of Thrones Winter is Coming Beginners Guide, we explain you the basics so you can start best prepared.