Convert an address or a place to its coordinates: fill the address field and click on "Get GPS Coordinates" to display its latitude and longitude. Read the result provided by the converter on the left column or directly on the interactive map.
Address from decimal coordinates: fill the decimal GPS coordinates and click on the corresponding "Get Address" button.
Address from sexagesimal coordinates: fill the sexagesimal GPS coordinates and click on the corresponding "Get Address" button.
Click directly on the map to get the address and the GPS coordinates of any GPS location. The latitude and longitude coordinates are displayed on the left column and on the map.
Simply click on the "Satellite" button on the map to switch to the Map Satellite view of the chosen GPS location.
We opted to center the map on your current location when possible, using the html5 geolocation feature. When available, you can also see your location address.
Your latitude and longitude are provided by your browser, but we can't access them without your consent. We do not keep any record of the location of our users, so feel free to allow the geolocation feature if you find it convenient. Visit this page to see how to enable geolocation with all major browsers.
If you don't want to share your geolocation, the map will just be centered on a default GPS point.
You can name any place you bookmarked and make them available through our API.
Create a free account to bookmark your favorite places. Once logged in, just click on the star inside the infowindow on the map to add the point to your bookmark list (you can find it under the map on any page).
This is especially useful if you look for specific places on a device like your desktop, in order to use them later on with your mobile or your tablet. Just login and your points of interest will be available on all your devices (and on all the pages).
You can create links to custom maps to share with your friends or customers. Try it now.
You can also visit our French, Spanish, German, Dutch partner sites: www.coordonnees-gps.fr | www.coordenadas-gps.com | www.gpskoordinaten.de | www.gps-coordinaten.nl