Our consulting and advisory services provide a comprehensive, research-based view that is crucial for building business intelligence and overcoming market challenges. With their broad areas of expertise, our team of consultants is united in their commitment to our clients, and passionate about their business goals, which helps foster quick and effective decision-making. Grand View Research also identifies new growth opportunities to help you successfully establish and expand your business.Read More
Grand View Research provides off the shelf, syndicated market research studies, publishing over 240 reports each year, covering 45 industries, on a global as well as regional level. We track various industries, identifying key markets and understanding key macro and micro-economic trends. Keeping pace with the business environment, we publish custom, syndicated market research studies.Read More
Research Partnership Companies often require day-to-day research assistance for ongoing strategic initiatives; this may include basic market data needs or complex competitive intelligence, due diligence, industry tracking and price monitoring services. With this in mind, Grand View Research offers partnership services, to provide our clients with a dedicated, one-stop solution for all their information needs.Read More
Market research is a multi faceted discipline, where requirements may vary in line with the strategic needs of an organization. At Grand View Research, we have dedicated teams of analysts and domain experts, focusing on specific research functions to ensure that our clients always get the right people to get the job done. SomeRead More
As a multi-national company in search of specific market insights spanning different sectors and platforms, Grand View Research delivered great research information that met our needs. They were able to customize reports...
Thank you for the kind support of your team !!! I have received the final report, and the report is really helpful for me. Moreover, I will contact you, if I have any new need for market research materials, of course. Thank you again.
We have worked on several projects with Grand View over the past two years. Much of the research we requested was customization and difficult to find. The quality of research on everything they have done for us has been excellent....
We are very grateful to Grand View Research for helping us gather some of the data our team needed on market use of various chemicals. We used the information from their studies “Global solvents market volume share...
We work with clients worldwide: So far we have worked with clients in 44 countries. Our perspective means we know what is happening in your regional market and what is working elsewhere in the world.
We have worked with businesses just like yours: Grand View Research has the advantage of having completed numerous consulting projects across industries. This means whatever you do, chances are we already have experience with something very similar.
The global commercial helicopter market size was valued at USD 5.30 billion in 2018 and is expected to expand at a CAGR of 3.8% from 2019 to 2025. Increasing usage of helicopters in Emergency Medical Services (EMS), Search and Rescue (SAR), and firefighting operations is expected to boost the growth. The industry is expected to witness an upsurge in the demand for rotorcraft from the oil and gas sector for carrying out various offshore applications. Read More »
The global wound closure devices market size was valued at USD 13.23 billion in 2018 and is expected to exhibit a CAGR of 7.1% over the forecast period. The demand for wound closure devices is on a rise owing to prevalence of chronic wounds, increasing cases of accidents, and rising number of surgeries. Rising incidence of chronic wounds such as diabetic foot ulcers, venous leg ulcers, and pressure ulcers are anticipated to spur the demand for wound closure devices over the forecast period.For instance, as per studies conducted by B. Braun Melsungen AG, around 2.0% to 10.0% people affected with diabetes suffer from diabetic foot ulcers. Read More »
The Europe pharmaceutical packaging materials market size is anticipated to reach USD 9.91 billion by 2025, expanding at a CAGR of 7.7% during the forecast period, according to a new report by Grand V... Read More »
The global commercial helicopter market size is expected to reach USD 6.92 billion by 2025, registering a CAGR of 3.8% over the forecast period, according to a new report by Gra... Read More »