Create your logo for free online. It’s a super simple solution for business owners, startups, online companies, and beyond. Once you’re ready, just pay $19.99 to download the high-resolution logo files.CREATE A LOGO IN 1 MIN OR LESS
First, choose from a gallery of high-quality, vector format logo templates. It’s categorized by industry, making the process quick and easy.
Then, edit the graphic and text of your logo template in our incredibly user-friendly free logo maker platform. It’s all click-and-drag, so anyone can use it.
Voila! Your masterpiece is complete. Save and download your high-resolution files. For only $19.99, you can download your brand-new logo in minutes for unlimited use on your business cards, social media, wherever else!
With dozens of categories ranging from business to education to photography and more, our graphic template library is refreshed every single day. Play around with choosing different free logo design templates for your industry. Featuring original designs and fonts, GraphicSprings makes it oh-so-easy to anyone to craft an absolutely perfect logo for his or her business.
The GraphicSprings' online free logo maker brings customization to the user. With countless options for graphics, fonts, colors, and vector shapes, the possibilities for logo ideas are limitless. Of course, if you're not a DIY logo design aficionado, try out our affordable, professional custom logo design services.
Say goodbye to the days of restricted access to your files when using software. Once you've downloaded your logo (available in PNG, SVG, and JPG format!), it's yours. There's absolutely no additional payment required if you want to make edits to your design or re-download your logo.
Whether you're a total novice or you've created dozens of logos, our stellar customer service team is here for you. Of course, our free logo maker is easy-to-use and guides you through the entire process. But if you'd prefer a more personal touch for your branding, don't hesitate to contact us our visit our online support center.
It doesn’t matter if you’re totally new to logo design or you’re more advanced, everyone could benefit from some helpful reminders. Plus, a thoughtful design process will turn into a more effective business logo design! Here are three key logo tips.
Tip 1
Avoid clutter and heavy effects when you create your own logo. A busy design can be distracting; a sleek, minimalistic logo looks more organized. While our free logo maker offers a ton of ways to customize your design, don’t get carried away!
Tip 2
Keep the first tip in mind. Stick to one color scheme that reflects a professional, cohesive brand identity. Even though there are thousands of colors to choose from, be smart.
Tip 3
Be thoughtful with your typeface, sizing, pairing, font, and color choices when you use our logo creator free. There’s more to it than just serif and sans serif. Typically, you should stick to just one to two fonts within your logo design.
Once I start my download, what type of files will I receive?
JPG, PNG, and SVG. We also provide several different sizes & black and white versions.
Can I edit my design after my purchase?
Yes, you can edit your saved design after your purchase. All editing, whether text or graphic, can be completed within GraphicSprings. No need for external software.
Can I apply for a trademark or copyright?
Yes, you can submit an application at your local patent office once you purchase your logo files.
Can you help me design a custom logo?
Our team of experienced graphic artists are on standby to help you create the perfect customized logo for your business. For only $149, GraphicSprings' design studio will provide your business with professional logo design. Order your custom logo design today!
Ready to try our free logo creator?
Running TD Contracting
Love your site! Had great results with GraphicSprings ' business logo maker and was able to download different file types. I was hesitant at first but tried it for free and instantly got it.
Founder of Fancy Workz
I love the fact that you offer this service. I needed to create a logo quickly and have been stressing my brain trying to find programs to create my logo and I happen to find this which took me seconds to come up with the perfect logo.
Production Manager at StayFIT
Thank you thank you!!!! Great results with your online logo generator!!!! Despite little to no logo design experience. It's really a win-win since you can try it for free.