To find out more please enter your email address
Gravana is a grammar curriculum that improves students’ ability to communicate. Through in-person or online lessons, students learn grammar principles. Using the online portal, students master these principles by applying them through quizzes and writing prompts. Students can work at their own pace or as assigned by his or her teacher. Curious about how Gravana can help your students? Explore each of the steps in the pathway.
Improve student writing by implementing Gravana in your school today.
"Gravana is by far the most effective and innovative grammar curriculum program on the market, and I am grateful for the opportunity our school district has offered its students through implementation of the program. Not only have our test scores improved, but more importantly the level of engagement, enthusiasm, and ability our students exhibit toward both written and verbal communication has improved dramatically. Through the use of a well-designed online portal, staff members have been able to offer instruction grounded in sound content while also utilizing relevant and exciting real-world applications to reach individuals at every ability level simultaneously. Our students are excited about communicating correctly, and I couldn’t be happier about that. In addition, the Gravana staff has been a joy to work with. They are passionate about their product, and they are experts on the content, on instruction, and on professional development. As a district, we are very pleased with our investment in the Gravana program and, as a result, our students."
-Dr. Michael Amolins, 6-12 Curriculum Director at Harrisburg School District
"Gravana is a major success within any classroom setting. If you want to create an environment where students are working on their own, the PowerPoint lessons, practice questions, and writing prompts provided are clear and easy for learners to accomplish and navigate on their own. Gravana also includes great classroom activities and discussion questions that promote positive and interactive group activities."
-Kayla Braffet, Sixth-grade English Language Arts