Deer in Japan Dies With Almost 9 Pounds of Plastic in Its Stomach
A female deer in Japan’s famous Nara Park was found to have consumed nearly 4 kilograms (8.8 pounds) of plastic following its death in March.
A female deer in Japan’s famous Nara Park was found to have consumed nearly 4 kilograms (8.8 pounds) of plastic following its death in March.
After receiving major backlash, Mike Jines, a partner of TopGen Energy, is claiming he did that for ‘self-defence.’ In the recent few years, humans have not only managed to disrupt the habitats of multiple...
Botswana is moving towards culling elephants by lifting its wildlife hunting ban after a group of the country’s ministers endorsed the idea, but the proposal has drawn heavy criticism. Botswana’ is planning to cull...
A female deer in Japan’s famous Nara Park was found to have consumed nearly 4 kilograms (8.8 pounds) of plastic following its death in March.
Lake Ngami in Botswana once was abundant with water and teeming with life. This scenery now changed into true horror scene as the worst drought in decades hits the area. Where usually was an...
Gambians were full of hope when their new president Barrow was elected in 2016. Former president Jammeh was known for his love towards wildlife. Trees and forests however were not safe in any way....
The judge has decided that the Chinese trawlers, or fishing vessels, may not be removed from Surinamese waters awaiting a decision by the judge hearing the application for interim relief. Melvin Bouva, vice-president of...
As the Amazon rainforest burns, resources are rejected and blame continues to shift. Brazil President Jair Bolsonaro said he would reconsider accepting aid Tuesday afternoon if he received an apology from French President Emmanuel Macron as...
Israeli vegan company VeganNation has bought land in the Amazon rainforest to protect it from exploitation and fires from cattle farmers. The company — which launched its own cryptocurrency last year called VeganCoin —...
100% biodegradable sugar cane bottles are being manufactured by the Air Water company. The company introduced machines that make water from the air to South Africa about 12 years ago, and it has embarked...
The Formosan clouded leopard, a leopard species, believed to have been completely extinct, has been spotted in southeast Taiwan for the first time in over 30 years, prompting a push to protect the big...
Exclusive: ‘The bill also plays into the hands of the arms industry and arms exporters, particularly those in the US’. Brazil allows jaguar hunting under new law. Trophy hunters may be allowed to shoot jaguars and other...
In the early hours of 6 April 2018 Mustapha Gueye awoke to the buzz of a chainsaw outside his home in Sam Yero Gueye, a small village in the scrublands of Kolda Region on...
Deforestation of the Amazon rainforest in Brazil. The amazon is being clear cut away at a horrifically rapid rate of three football fields per minute! It is encroaching on a “tipping point” at which it may not...
Since half past ten this morning another school of pilot whales was spotted by the Faroese. The grind is taking place north of Hoyvík in Tangafjörður. About 20 – 30 pilot fin whales are...
With its 2½-inch wing span, the Wallace’s giant bee is known as the largest bee on earth. But for decades, experts had feared it had gone extinct. The infamous Wallace’s bee hadn’t been seen...
Their worry is not only about the depletion of fish stocks, but the possible collapse of the entire fishing industry in the not so distant future. The fishers here are worried that the increasing number of industrial fishing vessels on Ghana’s waters is greatly contributing to the depletion of the stocks.
Harp seals are not the only pinniped victims of mass slaughter. Cape fur seals are also killed by the tens of thousands each year. Similarities and differences between the harp seal massacre and the...
Elephants do a lot of damage to plants as they stomp around the jungle, but, counterintuitively, by this activity elephants help the forest. The biomass of the forest will store more carbon. If elephants...
In the three months that the hunter gang was being watched by hacking their phones and downloading photos and videos, the federal police discovered they were responsible for the deaths of thousands of animals...
Orangutans will be extinct in 10 years if deforestation for palm oil continues, conservation expert warns Bulldozers has cleared the forest around her — which had been teeming with life for thousands of years...
Gambia is losing forest is record speed.. There will soon come a time when no big tree will be left in our terrestrial ecologies and no fish in our aquatic ecosystems with highly polluted...
In order to receive development assistance, Tanzania has to give Western agribusiness full freedom and give enclosed protection for patented seeds. “Eighty percent of the seeds are being shared and sold in an informal...
A fish and chip restaurant has closed after its owners were left shocked when they saw how depleted the sea was of fish while on a boating trip. A poster in the window of...
Humane Society International first announced in June that the dog meat market in South Korea, one of the country’s largest, would be shuttered. The Gupo dog meat market in Busan, South Korea, has officially been...
Spanish police discovered 39 kilograms of cocaine in Bolsonaro’s advance party plane to the G-20 summit that will take place in Osaka
In a report by Suar Indonesia, a man tried to brag about murdering an endangered bird online, but after it became viral, it backfired. Now, netizens are angered and the police have arrested him...
The devil is in the detail as China’s generosity towards African countries has peaked in recent years coinciding with the great economic vision and strides by the continent as a single body in the...