Electric Car Expert & Guru – Green Living Guy
Welcome to the Green Living Guy website! The Green Living Guy, Seth Leitman is a Professional Speaker, Electric Car Expert, Green Living Guru and Green PR consulting! He loves it too. He’s got Tesla Solar and Two Tesla Powerwalls. In fact
You can use Seth’s referral code to get 2,000 free Supercharger miles on a NEW Tesla: SETH29853
For starters, Seth created the 9 Green Guru Guides with McGraw-Hill.
If you want to book Seth to speak click here.
Do you need Seth’s advise on your home energy efficiency improvements?
Do you need help with Solar?
Seth’s blog alone over 7M views so far annually (triple verified!)
As well, Seth’s reach on Twitter alone for the past 12 months is 104M.
Direct link to Seth Leitman Author Page on Amazon
Check out Seth’s NEW Amazon shop!
Seth Leitman is also an ECO PR Consultant and also Program Manager for Drive Electric Hudson Valley in New York.
As well, he test drives green cars and reviews them consistently.
Also, Check out my Green Living Guy T-Shirt for sale!
So what else is it? More noteworthy is Seth’s personality. It’s clearly his personality and fun approach to green living. That’s what’s allowed him to even interview some TV and movie greats on his blog talk radio show! Nevertheless some environmental greats to discuss Climate Change!
“One Small Step at A Time” – Seth Leitman, The Green Living Guy
So here’s some of the greatest Assortment of Seth Leitman videos ever!
So call them the Green Living Guy videos!
Please also consider donating to the blog. click here to donate!
Recycling segment on Urban Green with the Green Living Guy with NYCMedia video!
Awesome Green Living Guy on NYCMedia TV on Energy Efficiency in the home!
In addition, here is the Green Living Guy video interview on WPIX Channel 11 in NYC.
Most noteworthy is an Exclusive Interview with Lester Brown and Coco from the United Nations Talk Climate Refugees and Sundance Film Festival. from Seth Leitman on Vimeo for the movie Climate Refugees
Finally and in conclusion, please subscribe and consider again to contribute to “educayment” and Green News to the masses. Yes education and entertainment.
If you want to buy a link click here.
Just Got Awarded one of the Best Sustainable Living Blogs to Follow!