0.00€
Wholesale Shop clothing online for men, women, children and accessories.
Our assortment includes only the best collections of designer clothes and made in Italy with a selection of the highest quality with which you can spread your business.
Wholesale Shop clothing online for men, women, children and accessories.
Our assortment includes only the best collections of designer clothes and made in Italy with a selection of the highest quality with which you can spread your business.
Sell online in your e-commerce, without the need for a warehouse!
Remove inventory management and customer delivery thinking. Import our catalog file into your e-commerce and start earning now!
Wholesale Shop clothing online for men, women, children and accessories
Our assortment includes only the best collections of designer clothes and made in Italy with a selection of the highest quality with which you can spread your business.
Sell online in your e-commerce, without the need for a warehouse!
Remove inventory management and customer delivery thinking. Import our catalog file into your e-commerce and start earning now!
With B2B GRIFFATI dropshipping service you can start earning immediately without warehouse risks or logistical issues.
Import our catalog into your e-commerce and you will be able to sell immediatly thousands of clothing items
of the best brands, at discounted prices up to 75%! All at your disposal with a small monthly investment.
Through the smart basic solution or Shopify, Prestashop and Woocommerce integrations, you can import our catalog into your e-commerce.
Now you are ready to attract your potential customers in your e-commerce and sell the products, without any need for a warehouse!
As soon as your customer makes a purchase, our system automatically receives the order and begins processing it
We will carry out a fast and monitored shipment of the product to your customer through a neutral package, also handling returns or size changes.
Our priority is your satisfaction and we pursue it by offering you extraordinary products, reasonable prices, fast and safe deliveries and the best customer service in the field!
B2B GRIFFATI is a leading designer wholesale clothing fashion brands distribution that offers a wide range of brands for retailers, boutiques, online e-shops from all over the world.
We propose top brands designer wholesale for Women’s clothing, Men’s clothing, Kids, Shoes, Accessories and Handbags.
Our commitment is to hand out top quality fashion clothing from plenty of foremost brands and Italian designers and manufacturers. All our products are overstocks of last season, spring/summer, fall/winter and fresh collections.
At B2B GRIFFATI, you’ll discover the best renowned and outstanding brands and designer wholesale apparel. We also bring you an incredible assortment of high quality products at best prices.
B2B GRIFFATI is focusing on the latest in trendy styles such as dresses, loungewear, shoes, handbags, accessories, sport wear and much more.
B2B GRIFFATI is the best in online designer wholesale clothing that sells also women’s clothing. In addition, we offers eccelent low wholesale price and good quality at the same time. In fact, if you shop online at B2B GRIFFATI you will save up to 75% of wholesale prices on selected items. When you shop for designer wholesale clothing at B2B GRIFFATI, your wallet will thank you!
For the best online designer wholesale clothing and a great differentiation in our brand, when it comes to designer wholesale clothing, B2B GRIFFATI has got you covered.
B2B GRIFFATI offers to our buyers the best shopping experience possible by buying the best fashion brands.
We supply all kind of styles including casual tops, bottoms, outerwear, swimwear and active sportswear for men and women. We are the leading designer wholesale clothing for boutique shops, online e-shop, and mall all over the world. Just browse through our online catalog and find a vast variety of women’s and men’s clothes and fashion wear.
We concetrate on high quality, designer, low cost, trendy and casual clothing for men and women. We also update our products every week so that we can sell the latest fashion trends clothing at an affordable, cheap, wholesale prices.
Buying at B2B GRIFFATI wholesale clothing designer has never been so easy and fast.
We offer a professional and friendly customer service at every stage from pre-sales to post-sales. Your satisfaction is and will always be our first priority. We are best fashion designer wholesale in Europe and we aim to create long term and solid relationship with our customers.
Closed for Holidays 25-26