A remote team needs communication. But, sending countless emails is outdated and cumbersome. If you’re ready to end the reply alls that lead to sub requests and random questions, and create a streamlined system for updating your team real time with opportunity for discussion and clarification, GroupEx PRO is your answer. Say goodbye to out of control inboxes and hello to peace of mind and organization.
Organizing subs is the number one pain point for Group Ex Managers. Simplify the process for you AND your instructors with GXP. Our sub board allows your team to quickly view and claim classes. You approve and, with the click of a button, everyone involved (including members) are notified. The Instructor Dashboard and reminder notifications help your team keep track of assignments, and you have a quick way to see how helpful each instructor has been with subbing via our proprietary Instructor Statistics feature. If it sounds too good to be true, it is!
Paper schedules are a thing of the past. Members want real time updates and easy accessibility to the most current form of the calendar. GroupEx PRO has exactly what you’re looking for with a simple interface that makes creating and publishing your schedule a breeze. Descriptions can be robust and include images, logos and video clips of classes. Sub information is updated real time. And, the schedule fuels the reporting feature, so no need to double enter … EVER! The schedule can be showcased on websites, Facebook and club apps.
It’s important to keep track of how classes are performing. But, the clipboard on the stereo must go! GroupEx PRO allows instructors to enter class numbers while at the club, in the car or at home. Managers can easily track missing numbers from home. Even better, managers can pull reports on Cost Per Head, payroll variance, penetration, and more. Our Program Analysis Tool will help you manipulate data any way you choose with the click of a button. No more spreadsheets, re-entering schedule and instructor data or messing with creating formulas to run reports. GroupEx PRO will save you time and money.