The new Ghost Whopper from Burger King will be available at 10 select BK locations (like the Upside Down Whopper) starting on Thursday, October 24. The Ghost Whopper features a quarter pound flame-grilled beef patty topped with tomatoes, lettuce, mayo, ketchup, pickles and onions on a White Cheddar, white sesame seed bun. Suggested price: $4.59.
Here are the 10 locations that will carry the new Ghost Whopper:
Meatoberfest is still ongoing and Arby’s has quietly added a couple of new sandwiches to the menu in the form of Petite Filet Steak Sandwiches. There are two Petite Filet Steak Sandwiches to choose from: the Garlic Butter Steak Sandwich and the Steak & Bacon Melt Sandwich. The Garlic Butter Steak Sandwich(520 calories) features thick-cut tender petite filet steak, pepper bacon, leaf lettuce and tomato on a toasted ciabatta roll and finished with roasted garlic butter. The Steak & Bacon Melt Sandwich(640 calories) features thick-sliced tender petite filet steak topped with melted cheddar, pepper bacon, crispy onions and steakhouse ranch. Arby’s Petite Filet Steak is served medium with a warm pink center. Available for a limited time only while supplies last.
The Carolina Classic Burger is a regional menu item at Wendy’s which, to date, could only be found in the Charlotte, NC market. It’s now available in all Wendy’s restaurants across North and South Carolina. The Carolina Classic features a quarter-pound of fresh beef, a couple of sweet onions, chili, chopped slaw and mustard on a toasted bun. Priced at $4.39, but may vary by location. The Carolina Classic will set you back 520 calories, 29 grams of fat, 9 grams of saturated fat, 670 milligrams of sodium, 39 grams of carbs, 2 grams of fiber, 10 grams of sugar, and 28 grams of protein. Available for a limited time only while supplies last.
Burger King posted on their social media channels, “don’t blink…it’s coming”, with a gif attached. Pausing the gif at the right spot will reveal a sandwich with a white bun. Is this a Ghost Whopper? BK is no stranger to different colored buns. In 2015 BK gave us the A.1. Halloween Whopper with a black bun followed by the Angriest Whopper with a red bun in 2016. In 2018 we had the Nightmare King with a green bun. We’ll keep you posted on this mystery white bun burger that we’ll just call the Ghost Whopper until official details are revealed.
Taco Bell is celebrating 15 years of Mountain Dew Baja Blast by offering a limited edition Mtn Dew Baja Blast Freeze. The Baja Blast Birthday Freeze is just like the Baja Blast Freeze but with added confetti candy. Priced at $2.59 for the regular 16 oz. or $2.89 for the 20 oz large.Also for a limited time only, Taco Bell is promoting the Sour Skittles Freeze. Taco Bell can no longer give a basic description of any of their products so I’ll just grab one of the four paragraphs used for the Sour Skittles Freeze on the Taco Bell website… “Picture this. We take your favorite round candy. Take the beloved sour-ified version of it. Turned down the temp. And transformed it into your new favorite drink. Good, now, stop picturing it. Because we have a literal picture of it. See above. That’s the new Sour Strawberry Skittles Freeze.” Correction, see below:
Burger King’s Cheesy Tots (review) have been on again, off again for the last five years and they’re back on the menu for another limited time run. BK describes their Cheesy Tots as melted cheese potato bites covered in a crunchy bread crumb coating. Served hot and crispy with your order. Priced at $1 for a 4 piece order.Nutrition info: 310 calories, 15 grams of fat, 4.5 grams of saturated fat, 780 milligrams of sodium, 34 grams of carbs, 3 grams of fiber, 9 grams of protein.
Taco Bell’s Double Chalupa is back for another LTO round. First introduced in the summer of 2017, the Double Chalupa (very similar to the XXL Chalupa from 2010) is an oversized Chalupa shell filled with a double portion of seasoned beef, shredded lettuce, diced tomatoes, a three cheese blend, reduced-fat sour cream and nacho cheese sauce. Also available as the Spicy Double Chalupa with added jalapeños. Priced at $3.49. The Double Chalupa will set you back 590 calories and is available in a $5 Box served with your choice of a Double Chalupa or Spicy Double Chalupa, a Crunchy Taco, Cinnamon Twists and a Medium soda. If you grab Taco Bell’s Double Chalupa Box you’ll have the chance to win an Xbox One X Eclipse Limited Edition Bundle. The bundle includes an Xbox One X Eclipse Limited Edition console with Taco Bell’s iconic ring at startup, the new Xbox Elite Wireless Controller Series 2, and a six-month Game Pass Ultimate membership.
Pizza Hut’s WingStreet Wings have added a new flavor… introducing Smoky Sriracha Wings. New Smoky Sriracha sauce is made with a blend of red jalapeño chili puree, garlic and vinegar. Available in boneless or traditional for a limited time only. Priced at $7.99 for 6 traditional or $7.69 for 8 boneless.