Air France and Gurobi
Air France has chosen Gurobi as the preferred optimization solver for its operations research projects.
- Delivers the highest performance
- Solves all major problem types
- Supports a wide range of interfaces
- Offers responsive PhD-level optimization support
What is Mathematical Optimization?
Optimization Impact
Source: FCC Advancing wireless communications, INFORMS.org
Source: Blue Yonder Case Study
Source: ICRON Vestel Case Study
Optimization has delivered significant ROI across industries from financial services, utilities, retail, logistics, telecommunications and more.
Operations Research Professional
Use Benchmarks to Find the Best Solver for Your Needs
Highlights of Gurobi Optimizer 8.1
Solving Simple Stochastic Optimization Problems with Gurobi
National Football League Scheduling
Computer Scientist
Mixed-Integer Programming (MIP) – A Primer on the Basics
Linear Programming (LP) – A Primer on the Basics
Building a Business Case for Optimization
The Gurobi Python Modeling and Development Environment
Data Scientist
Adding Optimization to Your Data Science Analytics Toolbox
Functional Code Examples
Building a Business Case for Optimization
Gurobi Optimization Application Demos
Business Analyst
Building a Business Case for Optimization
How Optimization Modeling Creates Value for an Organization
Adding Optimization to Your Data Science Analytics Toolbox
Migrating from Excel-based planning tools to enterprise-ready optimization models and applications
Academic
Academia
Young Professionals License – Take Gurobi with You
Python I: Introduction to Modeling with Python
Six Life Lessons You Didn’t Learn From Your OR Program
A Few of Our Customers
How We Stack Up
|Gurobi
|Speed
|Up to 50% faster than the closest competition
|Robustness
|Tested on a wide range of difficult problems from many industries
|Support
|Responsive PhD-Level Support with 4.6 out of 5 rating
|Licensing
|Flexible plans available
|Upgrade Schedule
|Frequent Upgrades
|Free Tuning
|Available
Latest News and Events
Gurobi Optimization today announced Air France has chosen Gurobi as the preferred optimization solver for its operations research projects.
Learn directly from the experts in this two-day, commercial-user event, including several hands-on learning opportunities, networking, business presentations, user case studies, and more. This event is almost full and prospective…
Gurobi has now teamed with a best-in-class, modern support platform in an effort to continuously improve our customer support experience.
Gurobi Optimization will be presenting and exhibiting at the 2019 INFORMS Annual Conference. This conference will be held on October 19th - October 23rd at the Washington State Convention Center…
Contact Us
We’re happy to assist you. Please contact us using this form, and a Gurobi representative will get back to you shortly.
- Free Consultations
- General Inquiries
- Gurobi Optimizer Questions
Can’t view the form? Please email us at sales@gurobi.com.