Why do we need this Individual Performance Commitment and Review? This is to assess ourselves. Assessment is an integral part of being an educator. It is determined whether or not the goals of education are being met. This assessment inspire us to ask these hard questions: ” Are we teaching what we think we are teaching?”…
Walang Pasok
October 16, 2019- Isang 6.3 Magnitude na lindol ang naganap sa Tulunan, North Cotabato kaninang 7: 37 pm ayon sa NDRRMC. Apektadong area ang Kidapawan City; Tupi, South Cotabato; Alabel Sarangani; Kiamba, Sarangani; T’boli South Cotabato at General Santos City. Nakaramdam naman ng mahinang pagyanig ang Cagayan de Oro City, Gingoog City, Dipolog City at…
Christmas Break Schedule S.Y. 2019-2020
DepEd’s Christmas Break Schedule For School Year 2019-2020 Chrismas break for the Department of Education (DepEd) falls early this year The Education Department has released the official calendar announcing the schedules of activities for school year 2019-2020 in both public elementary and highschools. Education Secretary Leonor Magtolis- Briones said that the school calendar in public…
Teacher’s Position Expansion to Teacher 4, Teacher 5, Teacher 6 and Teacher 7
CAGAYAN DE ORO CITY, October 05, 2019 – The Department of Education (DepEd), together with the higher DepEd officials and Teachers from different Regions in our country gathered at Limketkai Mall, Cagayan De Oro to celebrate the culmination program of the National Teacher’s Month. The National Teacher’s Month is a month-long celebration that aims to…
2nd Periodic Examination All Grades Download Now!
Magandang buhay mga kaguro! Happy Teachers Day! Marami po sa ating mga kasama ang nag rerequest na ng 2nd Periodic Test. It’s the best time to download our Periodic Test so we can review topics that need to have further enhancement to our pupils. Sa mga nagtatanong po kung paano ang pag download ng ating…
Daily Lesson Log Quarter 2 Week 8 KD- Grade 6
When a child Learns to Read through Phonics Phonics is simply the method of teaching someone to read by sounding out letters and letter groups. Phonics practice can involve reading books with only simple words, many of which rhyme or have similar letter patterns. Most children learn to recognize letters between ages 3 and 4….
Daily Lesson Log Quarter 2 Week 7 Kinder -Grade 6
Our Role as Teachers Teachers play a vital role in molding the lives of the students. We educate their minds. We shape them. We teach them what is right from wrong. We share with them our experiences, our expertise, our everything. What makes a Filipino teacher different from the teachers of other countries? Our educational…
Grade 6 Quarter 2 Periodic Examination
Magandang buhay sa ating mga ka-Guro sa Grade 6! Marami po sa ating mga kasama ang nag rerequest na ng 2nd Periodic Test. Maybe for the purpose of reviews at early na makagawa ng akmang plano para sa mga activities. Sa mga nagtatanong po kung paano ang pag download ng ating mga files, madali lamang…
2nd Grading Examination Grade 4
Magandang buhay sa ating mga ka-Guro sa Grade 4! Marami po sa ating mga kasama ang nag rerequest na ng 2nd Periodic Test. Maybe for the purpose of reviews at early na makagawa ng akmang plano para sa mga activities. Sa mga nagtatanong po kung paano ang pag download ng ating mga files, madali lamang…
Quarter 2 Summative Test Grade 2
We are the best Instructional Material As a Teacher, I am aware that my students are unique individuals and there are important factors to be considered in constructing effective instructional material. Some factors are diverse user interests, abilities, backgrounds, cultures, languages, gender, and maturity levels. Materials intended for student use should be appropriate for the subject area and for the age, social development, ability levels, special needs, and…