Let's End Youth Vaping NOW
'Take Vape Away' Campaign
Hackensack Meridian Health is taking the lead alongside municipal and community leaders, medical professionals, educators, parents, and young people everywhere to put an end to youth vaping.
U.S. News & World Report
Home is Where Award-Winning Care is
Hackensack Meridian Health, New Jersey’s largest and most comprehensive health network, is proud to announce that four of its hospitals – Hackensack University Medical Center, Jersey Shore University Medical Center, Ocean Medical Center and Riverview Medical Center – are among the top hospitals in New Jersey for 2019-20, according to U.S. News & World Report. Additionally, the hospitals are also ranked as High Performing in the U.S. in several areas of care. The 30th annual Best Hospitals rankings recognize hospitals that excel in treating the most challenging patients.
Nursing and Rehabilitation
Hackensack Meridian Health, New Jersey’s largest and most comprehensive and integrated health network, is proud to announce that three nursing homes – Prospect Heights Care Center in Hackensack, Regent Care Center in Hackensack and West Caldwell Care Center in West Caldwell – have joined the network.
Hackensack Meridian Health John Theurer Cancer Center
Hackensack Meridian Health John Theurer Cancer Center is a proud member of the National Cancer Institute (NCI)- approved Georgetown Lombardi Comprehensive Cancer Center Consortium.
Excellence is Our Standard
Patient Safety & Quality
At Hackensack Meridian Health, we are committed to achieving the highest quality standards and outcomes and welcome the clarity that measurement and reporting bring to the process. We are committed to transparency; shining a spotlight on safety, patient experience, and other publicly reported measures that accelerates improvement.
Why Choose Hackensack Meridian Health?
Our mission is to provide the full spectrum of life-enhancing care and services to create and sustain healthy, vibrant communities.
Cancer Care
Are Colonoscopies Really That Bad?
There are probably a few things you dread about hitting your middle-aged years, but getting...
Cancer Care
6 Questions Every Woman Should Ask About Breast Cancer
Early detection is key to surviving breast cancer. Empower yourself by learning more about screening...
Arthritis Orthopedics
Best Ways to Heal Quickly From Hip or Knee Replacement
Hip and knee replacement surgery is one of the most common elective surgeries in the...
Parenting Pediatrics
Unsure About Vaccines? 5 ‘Scary’ Myths Unraveled
We discuss common misbeliefs about vaccinations and provide factual evidence that helps explain myths you...
Cancer Care Integrative Health and Medicine
Handling the Emotional Stress of Cancer
A cancer diagnosis can assault the brain and our mental outlook. These alternative treatments are...
Pediatrics
Signs Your Child Should See A Speech Therapist
Pediatric speech therapy helps treat children with communication challenges, both in how they speak and...
Latest Updates from Hackensack Meridian Health
Donate
A small amount goes a long way.
Careers
Find your place in New Jersey’s most comprehensive health care network.