Stay in the know.
Don't miss your favorites—get personalized daily specials and favorite soups notifications.
Our Story
We opened our first location more than 20 years ago in NYC, in a small storefront on 64th and Lexington, with the mission of bringing hearty, high quality comfort food to busy, hungry people. In a tiny kitchen at the back of the store, we made rich, delicious soups, while at the counter up front, we ladled them up to hundreds of New Yorkers each day. We chose a name that described our food—robust, wholesome, and promoting wellness, body and soul.
We've created hundreds of soups since the beginning—for a deliciously wide variety that changes every day. No two menus are ever the same. But our soup is still made the same way it was the day we first opened: 100% from scratch, in our own kitchen, using local ingredients. And that's something we'll never change.
Our food
At Hale and Hearty Soups, we believe soup makes everything better. That's why we make our soups 100% from scratch in our Brooklyn kitchen, with homemade stock, local ingredients, and absolutely no added preservatives. We start each soup with fresh, natural, produce that we cut the day it's cooked, and simmer into our chowder, chili, mac & cheese, and bisque. We believe in making soup that's not only delicious, but creates a moment of comfort in the day—it's to be savored.
Our Purveyors
Chef Bruce
"If you liked it as a kid, you'll love it as a soup."
Meet our Executive Chef, Bruce Rogers—the culinary mind behind our encyclopedic rotation of soul-warming soups. A Brooklyn native and down to earth lover of great food, he’s been making soup since he was a kid in his family’s kitchen. Over the years, he’s created more than 500 soup recipes, from soothing comfort classics to bold, unique flavors.
It's a neighborhood thing.
Throughout NYC, Boston and Long Island, we're proud to be a part of the communities that support us. That’s why we help out with fundraising efforts for local schools, donating our unused food to local food rescue organizations, and partnering with charities that support children, families and individuals in need. We believe that it's not just about serving up good food - it's about being good neighbors as well.
Community Partners
Catering
Our new catering menu is here.
Soup makes meetings better. Treat the team to comforting soups, tasty sandwich and salad platters, boxed lunches, hearty oatmeal breakfasts and more.
Have any questions or special inquiries?
NYC - 55 Broad St. Catering team at (646) 590-3588 or 55broad@haleandhearty.com.
NYC Catering team at (212) 599-7220 or catering@haleandhearty.com.
LONG ISLAND Catering team at (516) 535-1000 or glencove@haleandhearty.com
BOSTON Catering team at (617) 330-1900 or 185franklin@haleandhearty.com
Join The Conversation
Get social with us! Fresh posts served daily. Show your #souplove to get surprise swag.