Halopedia/Halo Nation Merger Hub Open — The merger hub for merging Halopedia and Halo Nation is open. For more information, see here!
Halopedia Improvement Project — Please take a minute to review the Halopedia Improvement Project and see how you can help Halopedia today.
New Content — Halopedia is currently receiving new material from Halo: Renegades, Halo: Battle Born, Halo: Silent Storm, and several other sources. You can help keep our relevant articles up to date. For more information, see here!
If you have something important to address to the community, please contact an administrator about having your news placed here.
Main Page
From Halopedia, the Halo wiki
|
|
NAVIGATION
- The Community Portal is the central place to find out what's happening on Halopedia. Learn what tasks need to be done, what groups can be joined, and get or post news about recent events or current activities.
- Questions? Check out our FAQ, or ask your own questions at the Main Page discussion or at the Community Portal discussion.
- Want to help but don't know where to start? Head on over to the Article Improvement Drive page for a list of articles in need of improvement.
- Get to know Halopedia's administators!
- Check out the forums to see what the community is working on, to give feedback or just to say "hi", and Chat with the Halopedia community on our Discord server.
- The Community Portal is the central place to find out what's happening on Halopedia. Learn what tasks need to be done, what groups can be joined, and get or post news about recent events or current activities.
- Questions? If you have questions you can post them at the Main Page discussion or at the Community Portal discussion.
- Get to know Halopedia's administators!
- Check out the forums to see what the community is working on, to give feedback or just to say "hi".
- Chat with the Halopedia community on our Discord server.
News
Official News
- Halo: The Master Chief Collection, is coming to PC via Steam and the Windows Store, along with Halo: Reach. Read more HERE!
- Halo Infinite, a brand new game featuring John-117, is currently in development. Read more HERE!
- Halo: Oblivion, a Blue Team-focused novel by Troy Denning and a sequel to Halo: Silent Storm, has been announced for release on September 24, 2019! Check out the official announcement HERE!
- Halo: Renegades, a novel by Kelly Gay and a follow-up to Halo: Smoke and Shadow, has been released as of February 19, 2019!
- Halo: Lone Wolf, a four-part comic series by Dark Horse Comics starring Linda-058, has concluded with the release of its final issue on April 3.
Halo Waypoint News: Canon Fodder • Community Update
Recent and upcoming media
• Got something to announce? Post it here!
Article Improvement Drive is a community project to improve the wiki's content through bringing articles in dire need of improvement—from cleanup to content expansion and updates—to everyone's attention. Anyone is welcome to participate in the project!
A small sampling of articles in need of new content:
The following articles for Halo media could use the addition (or completion) of a plot synopsis:
See the AID project page
for more information!
|
Halo: Faith was a planned fan-made feature film set in the Halo universe. Directed by Jared Pelletier, the film focuses on a group of SPARTAN-IIs who are using Mark VI MJOLNIR armor prototypes against the hegemonic empire, the Covenant, during the Fall of Reach.
Nominate a featured article here!
Featured Quote
|“
|
You are, all of you, vermin. Cowering in the dirt, thinking what, I wonder? That you might escape the coming fire? No. Your world will burn until its surface is but glass! Not even your Demon will live to creep... blackened... from its hole to mar the reflection of our passage; the culmination of our Journey. For your destruction is the will of the gods! And I... I am their instrument!
—Prophet of Truth, Crow's Nest, Halo 3
|”
Communities
|
|
|
|
|Homepage of Bungie Studios
|Halo Waypoint, under 343 Industries
|Ultimate fansite for everything Halo
|The Halo Reddit
Affiliates
|
|
|The Archive
A repository for all things Halo with a vibrant community.
|Halo Canon
YouTube channel focusing on Halo lore.
|
|
|NIWA
Homepage of the Nintendo Independent Wiki Alliance, an affiliate site consisting of several Nintendo-related wikis.
|Destinypedia
The definitive source for Destiny information!