All Formats of Audio & Video Accepted
Available in +119 languages,
Export in Word, PDF, TXT, SRT, VTT, STL, XML, Premiere & AVID
+150.000 journalists & researchers have already adopted Happy Scribe.
Meet the ultimate transcription tool. 👌
By syncronizing audio and text within a light and friendly interface, we've made transcription super easy.
Speaker identification
We recognise when the speaker changes. You just have to write their name.
Highlight & comment
Adding comments is useful when collaborating with colleagues
Custom timestamps
Add timestamps where you want in the text. (Can be exported)
Export transcript
You can export in Word, TXT, SRT, VTT, STL, HTML, AVID and Premiere Markers.
Share publicly
On Happy Scribe, you can share a view-only or editable page of your transcript.
Proofreading Helper
Correct faster by looking only at the places where the algorithm struggled.
Podcasters and other media companies transcribe content to make it more accessible but also to leverage the power of Search Engines and increase viewership.
Why transcribe your podcast from audio to text if you’re not leveraging the full power of your transcript?
The Embed Player can be set in less than 3 minutes. Just copy-paste a few lines on your website or blog.
We made it easy to create teams. All the transcripts can be accessed by everyone that is part of the team through a dedicated dashboard.
You can integrate Happy Scribe to your existing file management system by using our API and programmatically submit files to be transcribed by Happy Scribe.Click here for documentation ...
English
Catalan
Czech
Danish
German
Afrikaans
Spanish
French
Italian
Lithuanian
Chinese
Japanese
Arabic
Greek
Russian
Dutch
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Finnish
Swedish
Korean
➜ See the full list here
Happy Scribe will transcribe your files in just a few minutes. It usually takes half of the file length. The time that you'll spend editing the transcript will mainly depend on its quality. To save you more time, we highly recommend uploading high-quality audio files with limited background noise.
With Happy Scribe, your transcripts are kept safe. We encrypt all data that goes between you and Happy Scribe using field-standard TLS 1.2. Additionally, we have multiple layers of security including firewalls, intrusion protection systems and network segregation.Click here to learn more ...
Sure! It'll be hard for us, but you can leave at anytime.
Yes we do purchase order, please email us at sales@happyscribe.co
If you're a student, you get 25% OFF. For more details click here.
Yep, email us at sales@happyscribe.co for more details.
Drop us an email at sales@happyscribe.co