FREE DELIVERY ON YOUR FIRST 3 ONLINE ORDERS OVER $80!SHOP ONLINE BY 5PM FOR SAME DAY DELIVERY IN SELECTED AREAS!SAVE 5% OFF YOUR VEGIES WHEN YOU'RE A FRIEND OF THE FARM!SHOP ONLINE BY 5PM FOR DELIVERY BEFORE 8AM IN SELECTED AREAS!GET FREE STANDARD DELIVERY ON WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY DELIVERIES OVER $80!
The item you just added is unavailable. Please select another product or variant.
Food is a remarkable thing – it brings families together, supports communities and gives farmers a means. It nourishes our bodies and brings joy to our tastebuds.
We stand for good food and the good things it does for people – for you, for the farmer, for our kids… and their kids too. We don’t just bring you amazing foods, we do it at great prices. And then we sprinkle it with the goodness of initiatives like ‘Imperfect Picks’ and ‘Love Local’. We call that value with values.
We marvel at the amazing, unpredictable, magical thing that is nature. Its riches, surprises and struggles. We don’t just respect nature – we’re driven by it. Always have been and always will be. When you understand what nature is doing, you’ll understand a lot more about what you find in our stores.
When you’re driven by nature you don’t try to tell her what to do. We set our specials only when we find out what nature’s decided to give us. If she sees fit to bulge our baskets with blueberries, we think that’s pretty special… so we put them on special.
Natural food is one of life’s true joys – and shopping for it should be too! We deliver fresh fruit and veg from the markets every day and hunt down specialty products from artisan producers all over the country. That way you can ditch the list and shop with your senses. Smell the herbs. Marvel at the colours. Discover a little gem – go on enjoy it!
We’re a team of over 1500 Aussies. We’ve been family owned since 1971 when our founder David Harris opened a single fruit shop in Villawood in Sydney’s west. Our family values are still the values that drive us today.
Oops, you forgot. So you jumped online to find something. Then somehow you ended up here (and we’re really glad you did). Sooo, how about something like this...
Unfortunately our Sydney Fresh Seafood products are unavailable for delivery on your selected delivery time. It is not available for Last Minute deliveries. Would you like to change date or proceed without seafood?
Our Harris Farm Fresh orange juice is only available if ordered before midnight the day before delivery. They also aren't available for a milk run delivery. Please consider these constraints when selecting your delivery date.
Unfortunately our Harris Farm Fresh orange juice is unavailable for delivery on your selected delivery time. It is only available if ordered before midnight the day before delivery. They also aren't available for a milk run delivery. Would you like to change date or proceed without juice?
Unfortunately our Harris Farm seafood meal kits are unavailable for delivery on your selected delivery time. They are unavailable for last minute deliveries. Would you like to change date or proceed without the Meal Kit?
Our Loose Salad Boxes are only available if ordered before midnight the day before delivery. They also aren't available for a milk run delivery. Please consider these constraints when selecting your delivery date.
Unfortunately our Loose Salad Boxes are unavailable for delivery on your selected delivery time. It is only available if ordered before midnight the day before delivery. They also aren't available for a milk run delivery. Would you like to change date or proceed without the Loose Salad Box?
Unfortunately our Instore Bakery products are unavailable for delivery on your selected delivery time. It is only available for 3:00 PM - 6:00 PM (Standard) and 4:00 PM - 9:00 PM (Economy) deliveries. Would you like to change date or proceed without the Instore Bakery products?
Due to the hot weather at this time of year, our strawberries will not last very long even when kept in a fridge. They should be eaten the same day or the next. Please take this into consideration when purchasing.