Utica and Powder River Basin completions plus exploratory tests in the U.S. Gulf for Mexico by Talos and W&T Offshore top this week’s drilling activity highlights from around the world.
Subscribe now and get unmatched coverage of the energy industry.Subscribe
Here’s a snapshot of energy deals from the past week including another multimillion-dollar royalty sale in the Appalachian Basin by Range Resources.
The RRC grants in a 2-1 vote Exco permission to flare casinghead gas from a well on the Winterbotham Lease in the Eagle Ford Shale for two years.
Increased production has restrained Henry Hub price increases, benefitting end-users in the period from 2008 to 2018.
Techbook
Natural gas is still a long-term source for clean energy. That makes the American Public Gas Association is the voice of hundreds of utilities, and subsequently millions of customers, hard to overlook.
Stratas Advisors expects an injection of 85 Bcf into storage for the week ending Oct. 18.
For the week ahead, Stratas Advisors expect prices to continue to decline on persistent demand concerns and ample supply.
The Canadian LNG industry has been slower than its U.S. counterpart to take advantage of soaring gas demand around the world and build export plants, in part due to securing feedstock supplies for the terminals.
After more than 40 years of success in the industry, Bob Clark, founder of 3 Bear Energy, has decided to step down from his role as CEO.
An increase in oil and gas production on U.S. public lands drove a 30% increase in federal energy and minerals revenue disbursements in fiscal year 2019, to $11.69 billion, the U.S. Interior Department said on Oct. 24.
Enable Midstream Partners said Oct. 24 that COO Craig Harris is leaving the company for a CEO role at a privately-held midstream energy company, though didn’t disclose its name.
The shale slowdown across North America more than halved Patterson-UTI's revenues and margins in the pressure pumping business, with the company warning that activity is likely to fall further in the current quarter.
Achieving production data accuracy and accountability starts in the field with measurement applications that automate the management and scheduling of meter inspections, sampling, and calibration events.
In an attempt to diversify its business, the company has taken a 23% stake in U.S.-based Principle Power, a developer of floating wind power technology, and is involved in floating wind power projects in the United States and South Korea.
RS Energy Group (RSEG) expanded its collaboration with SWEPI LP (Shell) on Oct. 22 to include RSEG’s full technology portfolio accelerating Shell’s data science initiatives.
TechnipFMC has been awarded an integrated engineering, procurement, construction and installation (iEPCI) contract by Shell for the Perdido Phase 2 development, located in the Gulf of Mexico.
Utica and Powder River Basin completions plus exploratory tests in the U.S. Gulf for Mexico by Talos and W&T Offshore top this week’s drilling activity highlights from around the world.
Chevron Corp. said late on Oct. 18 it is optimistic about maintaining a presence in Venezuela even amid U.S. sanctions on the country and state oil company PDVSA as part of Washington's effort to oust President Nicolas Maduro.
Recent IHS Markit report says a significant rebound in discoveries may not happen because since 2014 there has been an increased emphasis on exploring less risky maturing basins and short cycle-time unconventional projects.
Spur Energy Partners struggled to close deals even in a dead A&D market but still plans to spend hundreds of millions more to consolidate in the Permian’s Northwest Shelf.
An affiliate of Admiral Permian Resources retained TenOaks Energy Advisors as its exclusive adviser for the sale of certain minerals located in the Delaware Basin through an offering closing Nov. 21.
EverQuest Energy retained EnergyNet for the sale of multiple packages of assets located in the New Mexico portion of the Permian Basin in auctions closing Nov. 6.
Here’s a quicklist of oil and gas assets on the market including Oklahoma assets in the Scoop and Stack shale plays from Grizzly Energy, formerly Vanguard Natural Resources.
Like shale and solar photovoltaic, wind can be a game-changer, says Fatih Birol.
Senator Chuck Schumer, the top Senate Democrat, late on Oct. 24 proposed a $454 billion plan over 10 years to help shift the United States away from gasoline-powered vehicles by offering cash vouchers to help Americans buy electric vehicles.
Critics say pullout will weaken leadership during global transition to cleaner energy sources.
The United States on Oct. 23 sued California and other state entities for entering a climate agreement with a Canadian province, saying the state had no right to conduct foreign policy, in the latest feud between the Trump administration and the state.
Too often, tragedy has to occur before industry and government personnel respond to hazards.
The 303-mile pipeline is designed to deliver 2 billion cubic feet per day of gas from the Marcellus and Utica shale in Pennsylvania, Ohio and West Virginia to consumers in the Mid-Atlantic and Southeast.
The Permian Basin’s close proximity to key markets, like the Gulf Coast and Cushing, Okla., continues to attract midstream energy companies.
The Project encompasses the construction of one LNG plant, including six gas liquefaction trains and appurtenant facilities.