This site requires JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript by following this link.
This site requires the use of cookies. Please enable cookies by following this link.
Peace of mind with HBF Hospital cover
If your child needs to go to Hospital you won’t need to pay an excess*. Because looking after your world shouldn’t cost the world.
Cover to suit your needs
Tell us a little about yourself and your health needs, and in two to three minutes we'll find our best cover to suit your needs.
Basic Hospital Plus & Basic Extras
from
per week
Bronze Hospital Plus & Saver Flexi Extras
Gold Hospital & Saver Flexi Extras
Gold Hospital & Flexi Extras
Bronze Hospital Plus & Standard Extras
Silver Hospital & Standard Extras
Standard Overseas Visitors cover & Basic Extras
Working Visa Hospital and Medical cover & Standard Extras
Members are at the heart of everything we do. When we make decisions, we will always put our members’ needs first.
We’re a not-for-profit health fund. With no shareholders to pay, we can focus on giving more back to our members.
Claim online and check your limits and usage through myHBF and the HBF Health app.
Understand how your cover works and how to get the most out of it with tips and tools, plus exclusive member offers
We’ve got over 140,000 members aged 25-34. Find out why people like you have health cover, what your options are and what you might need cover for.
Get well informed about how insurance works and getting value from your cover
Make a health claim, update your personal or payment details, view your extras limits and usage and more in myHBF.
It's never been easier to manage your policies in the one place.
We need to confirm your location to show you the correct content, products and pricing.
Our products and prices differ from state to state. So we need to make sure you're looking at the right information to give you an accurate quote.
Content, products and pricing information is different if you live in Western Australia.
The product you’ve selected isn’t available for purchase in your state.
If you change location, we'll reset your quote and refresh the page to show you the content, products and pricing relevant to your location.