Moondrop KXXS Review by Lidson Mendes Br
"It was amazing to review my library and find many details I had never noticed in my songs," writes @Lidson Mendes Br. "If you're a fan of dynamic drivers you should give this Moondrop [KXXS] a try."
Head-Fi Adds Two New Stops to the CanJam 2020 Schedule
The CanJam 2020 global schedule was just announced, and Head-Fi invites you to join us at our 2020 CanJam shows in New York City, Singapore, Shenzhen, Los Angeles, London, Chicago, and Shanghai.
iBasso DX160 Review by HansBarbarossa
Head-Fi'er @HansBarbarossa describes the iBasso DX160 as "balanced, peppy, smooth, melodic, harmonious and charming." "The player is beautiful both outside and inside." Read his in-depth review here.
Upcoming Meet: Nashville, TN (November 2, 2019)
There's a Head-Fi meet happening near Nashville on November 3rd, and if you will be in the area make sure to stop by. Get together with fellow Head-Fi'ers and try a wide range of gear. Details here.
CanJam Returns to Shanghai (November 9-10, 2019)
Preparations for the second CanJam Shanghai are underway, and if you're planning to join us this November, there are a limited number of discounted hotel rooms available. Book yours today.
iFi audio Unveils the All-New ZEN DAC Compact DAC/Amp
The latest product from iFi audio is a big one, figuratively speaking. The new ZEN DAC supports 24-bit/384kHz playback, features dual 4.4mm balanced outputs, and so much more for $130. Don't miss it.
final E5000 Review by Mosauwer
Looking for an IEM with "excellent bass response" and "full-bodied mids with timber and texture"? Click here for @Mosauwer's final E5000 review for more. "This E5000 might be a great pick up for you."
New Products Added to TTVJ Audio's Lineup
If you're in the market for the new Chord Electronics Huei phono stage or the Audeze LCD-1 planar magnetic headphone, TTVJ Audio has you covered. Read more about the latest additions in Todd's thread.
AKG K701 Pad Measurements from Dekoni Audio
If you're curious about how different pad materials can tweak the sound signature of your favorite headphones, check out Dekoni Audio's latest measurements with the AKG K701 in this thread.
Upcoming Meet: Westborough, MA (November 10, 2019)
Calling all New England Head-Fi'ers. If you're going to be around Worcester, MA on November 10th, swing out to Westborough to meet up with local Head-Fi'ers, talk music, and demo awesome gear.
Audeze LCD-1 Review / Preview
Audeze announced the Audeze LCD-1 today, and Jude posted about this new affordable, lightweight, planar magnetic open-back studio monitor, whose name is an homage to Audeze's beginnings ten years ago.
New Firmware Update Available for FiiO Q5s
Attention owners of the FiiO Q5s: FiiO recently released a new firmware update with a few improvements and several bug fixes. Stop by their thread to get the latest firmware and upgrade software.
Volume Discounts Now Available from Status Audio
Status Audio is offering a volume discount to anyone who needs multiple studio monitor headphones - such as studio engineers, educators, or media producers - and you can learn all about it here.
Noble Audio Adds Several New Products to Their Lineup
Noble Audio just introduced a slew of new products, and you can read more about the new Falcon TWS true wireless IEM, the Tux 5 which is described as a "Baby Khan," and universal prestige models here.
New Showroom Hours at The Source AV
As the holiday season approaches, The Source AV has begun extending their store hours throughout the week. Now you have more time than ever to try out some of the world's best headphones and gear.
Schiit Happened: The Current Craziness
In the latest entry of Schiit Happened, @Jason Stoddard reflects on what's been happening with the Schiit Audio Sol, their preamp Thunderdome, Bifrost 2, and more. Stop by his blog and check it out.
Mobifen Flex-L Air Impressions by MrOTL
Head-Fi'er @MrOTL recently shared some of his thoughts on the Mobifen Flex-L Air - a new wireless headphone for earbud lovers - and its "distinctive V-shape sound-signature" and "wide dynamic range."
Mixcder E7 Review by Jupit3r
In the market for an affordable set of Bluetooth over-ear headphones? Head-Fi'er @Jupit3r writes, "for those who want a pair of ANC headphones that won’t break your bank, the E7 are worth looking at."