Better hearing is closer than you think.
Better hearing is closer than you think.
Experience exceptional hearing care that's personalized to meet your unique hearing needs.
The Future of Hearing Care
Hearing Tracker was founded by a Doctor of Audiology to help consumers find better hearing aids and better hearing professionals. Hearing aids and Hearing professionals are rated by real patients. This helps ensure more meaningful information for consumers and professionals. We're sure we have the best platform available, and we hope you enjoy using it as much as we do.
My new Widex Evoke hearing aids are wonderful!! They provide a significant improvement over my previous hearing aids for all sounds. The clarity is ...Continue reading
This is my first experience with hearing aids. They are comfortable, small, significantly improve my hearing, and have lifestyle options such as Bluetooth ...Continue reading
The volume always goes off on one hearing aid, while the other is fine. I have taken it back several times, and he usually cleans it and then it is good ...Continue reading
I have moderate/severe hearing loss in both ears, I've tried and used several brands, 3 that were CIC in the ear types (mostly invisible) and 3 RIC behind ...Continue reading
Hearing aids in your city
Find high-quality hearing aid providers in major cities across the United States. From New York City to San Francisco, we've got you covered!
As Seen In
Hearing Tracker has been mentioned by the following publications and organizations.
Recent Articles
Hand-picked news and updates from around our site.
Will 2020 Be the Year Medicare Starts Covering Hearing Aids?
A U.S. House of Representatives committee advanced The Medicare Hearing Act of 2019 that would provide insurance coverage for seniors' hearing aids.Continue Reading
Best Hearing Aids in 2019
Thinking about purchasing hearing aids in 2019? Check out this comprehensive list of top models from the world's largest hearing aid brands.Continue Reading
Motion-Aware Hearing Aids Promise a More Natural Listening Experience
Signia Xperience hearing aids promise to let you experience sound in a more natural way, even when you're on the move.Continue Reading
Live Caption on Google's Android Q is a Killer App
Google's Live Caption feature with the new Pixel 4 is a killer app that may entice iPhone users to switch.Continue Reading
Android 10 Launched with Focus on Hearing Loss Accessibility
Google's long-awaited Android smartphone update is chock-full of major accessibility improvements for people with hearing loss and hearing aids.Continue Reading
Paying for Hearing Aids: Tax Breaks from Uncle Sam
Wouldn’t it be nice if you could simply deduct the entire cost of hearing aids? Depending on your situation, you may be able to pay for hearing...Continue Reading
Phonak Launches Marvel 2.0
Phonak continues to exceed expectations with its new Marvel 2.0 Bluetooth hearing aids.Continue Reading
Adam Savage: Hearing Aids "Freaking Changed My Life"
Adam Savage, a well-known Hollywood special effects creator and TV host, says hearing aids have changed his life.Continue Reading
How to Protect Your Hearing at a Music Festival
Loud music can cause permanent hearing loss, but there are five easy steps you can take to protect it.Continue Reading
How To Survive A Cocktail Party When You Have Hearing Loss
Here are seven tips that will make it easier for your to hear in a noisy cocktail party.Continue Reading
Costco to Sell Philips Hearing Aids from Demant
Demant's partnership with Philips hearing aids appears to be getting off to a fast start with a presence in Costco hearing centers across the U.S.Continue Reading
Does Chocolate Prevent Hearing Loss and Tinnitus?
A nationwide research study in Korea concluded that eating chocolate can help prevent hearing loss.Continue Reading
First Look at the Bose Hearing Aid
Hearing Tracker has gotten a first look at the FDA's documentation for the Bose self-fitting hearing aid.Continue Reading
My Hearing Journey Begins
After a couple of months with my first hearing aids, I'm ready to share my experience as I learn to live with hearing loss...Continue Reading
Paying for Hearing Aids With Health Insurance
Based on our 2018 survey, the average payout from insurance was $1,257 with around 25% receiving help from their insurance companies. Top...Continue Reading
Nuheara IQBuds Boost Expert Review
Detailed review of the Nuheara IQBuds Boost. Dr. Cliff, AuD reviews the IQBuds Boost and compares the technology with the original IQBuds.Continue Reading
Signia Pure Charge&Go Nx Review
I enjoyed the convenience of rechargeability, and found that the hearing aids performed well in background noise. I also enjoyed the novelty of...Continue Reading
How Machine Learning Will Revolutionize Hearing Aids
Machine learning in hearing aids can deliver bette hearing in background noise, Improved sound quality and greater listening comfort.Continue Reading
Expert Answers
Here are some great answers to common questions from hearing aid users.
Where can I find affordable hearing aids? I am on a budget of only $1500 for 2, and would like to see a professional.
Most private practice audiologists have devices in that price range. It is a common misconception that the public must go to Big Box or retail chains for price options. Audiologists want to be able to help as many people as possible. Most practices pride themselves on having many options to...Continue Reading
Is it possible to recommend the right hearing aid based on the hearing test (audiogram) alone?
The audiogram can provide a lot of information; however, it is not enough to make a decision for an appropriate hearing aid. It is important to consider the lifestyle of the individual as well as physical characteristics of the ear, manual dexterity, and the overall hearing needs of the...Continue Reading
I have a high tone in my right ear. Do I need to see an audiologist or can I see any hearing professional?
Thanks for asking about the tone in your ear. The common term used when describing a sound in your ear(s) that is not generated from your environments is called tinnitus. Tinnitus has many causes, and there are many solutions, however, no solid cure. That does not mean it can not be...Continue Reading
I have a high tone in my right ear. Do I need to see an audiologist or can I see any hearing professional?
I recommend seeing an audiologist for tinnitus, especially one that is only in one ear. This is a red flag that a medical evaluation is needed. After testing, an audiologist will then refer you on to ear, nose, and throat physician for a medical work up.Continue Reading
Hearing Aid Battery Shop
We sell PowerOne, Duracell, and Rayovac hearing aid batteries at deeply discounted prices. Our prices include shipping and taxes within the United States. Batteries are guaranteed fresh.
Duracell Activeair® Hearing Aid Batteries
Easier to open,compact, discreet and totally protects your batteries.View Product
Power One Hearing Aid Batteries
Power One batteries are manufactured in Germany.View Product
Rayovac Extra Advanced Batteries
Rayovac is the #1 selling hearing aid battery in the United States.View Product
Rayovac Extra Advanced Batteries
Rayovac is the #1 selling hearing aid battery in the United States.View Product