Expert Heating System Repair in the Belleville, Illinois Area
(618) 589-8767
Heritage Heating & Cooling is dedicated to doing the best work for their loyal customers HVAC needs. Our customer service is the best in the area. We are an Authorized Customer Care Dealer for American Standard. We are the only company in the Belleville, Illinois area with this designation. Also, we boast a super service award on Angie’s list and have a 100% customer satisfaction rating.
We started our family-owned and operated business 4 years ago, and have grown every year since. You can reach us from 8 a.m. – 4:30 p.m. by phone or email; we want to answer any questions that you have. Also, you can check out our website for information on all the services that we can provide. We offer senior and military discounts and can provide 24-hour service in case of emergency. Call us today and get a free estimate!
Heating Service Belleville IL
We work on all makes and models including American Standard, Trane, Comfort Maker, Bryant, and Carrier. Our service is backed by a great warranty. We repair, install and service all types of heating units and systems. Most of our furnace installations come with 10-year parts and lifetime heat exchanger warranty. They also come with a 5-year labor warranty.
We can help you keep your energy bills low this winter by offering efficiency tips or installing a new energy-efficient furnace. Repair appointments are given in 2-hour blocks, guaranteeing you aren’t waiting around all day. No matter what brand or how old your furnace is, we have the knowledge and experience to work on everything. Before the season arrives, have one of our professionals come out and do a 25-point inspection on your furnace.
HVAC Service Belleville IL
Our company can help you with more than just heat in your home. If you’re sweating it out in your living room this summer; have us repair your broken air conditioner. We do repairs on any brands. We can also install a brand new unit for you if yours is passed the point of repair. Lastly, we deal quality products from American Standard.
You can also call us for a range of other services that don’t involve heating and cooling. Improve the air quality of your home or business with an air filtration system installed in any building. This will help filter out harmful substances and dust in your air. Talk to us about humidification services that we can provide too. Finally, we’re an authorized Nexia dealer of home automation products. We can install lights, cameras, and more.