As seen in...
Even if you can't get rid of faxes, you can get rid of your fax machine!
By removing paper from the process, HelloFax has removed your need to own a fax machine. With HelloFax, everyone in your company can conveniently send and receive faxes online. There's no more time spent waiting by a fax machine for a fax to arrive or for confirmation that it was sent. Instead, incoming faxes go directly to the recipient's inbox and outgoing faxes are sent online, all from your computer. No fax machine needed!
Best of all, there's nothing someone sending you a fax needs to do differently! Your customers can still send faxes to the same number the same way they always have been. You can transfer your number to us and start receiving faxes electronically without any downtime or risk of losing any faxes.
Faxing. Evolved.
|
Clean and paperless
When you receive a fax, we send it to you as a PDF. To send a fax, upload the file, enter the fax number and click Send. That's it. There's no paper involved.
|
Completely customizable
Set up as many fax lines and users as needed, and route inbound faxes any way you like. Within minutes, everyone in your organization can send and receive faxes.
|
Keep your number
Transfer your current number to us and we'll do the rest. There's no downtime or faxes lost. Your customers will never know the difference.
|
Accessible
Send, retrieve and manage your faxes from the cloud. We're integrated with Google Drive, Dropbox, Box, OneDrive and Evernote for your convenience.
|
Confidential and secure
Without paper there's no sensitive information left out in the open. All transmissions are encrypted with bank-grade level of security.
|
5 star customer service
From our transparent pricing to our easy to use interface, our goal is to make faxing enjoyable. (Gasp!) Let us prove it. Try us free!
New and modern...
Love your service. Feels new and modern compared to all the other online faxing services out there. I would definitely recommend your service.
It's fantastic...
I love HelloFax. For those few places that still need faxes, it's fantastic. I also use it for document signing and light pdf editing, it's a great interface!
Wonderful service...
You guys are the best! Thank you for such a wonderful service. HelloFax makes working virtually even more of a joy and saves me time.