Helpjuice’s easy-to-use and most powerful knowledge base software is designed from the ground up to help you scale your customer support, and, collaborate better with your team.
“We tried others, but nothing was as customizable as Helpjuice. They even customize your knowledge base for you”
“Analytics, analytics, analytics - its why we move to the solution - great to get insight into popular articles. Ability to integrate into our existing Support process and have a dedicated document view.”
“Helpjuice is a no brainer. It’s extremely user friendly, has a LOT of options when it comes to making content private, and segmenting content based off groups.”
“Intuitive interface. Makes it easy to create and deploy a rich content library.“
“Helpjuice has been an incredible platform to start building our knowledge base. We had been struggling to find a good system that would give us the functionality we needed at a great price.
Helpjuice has given us everything we hoped for and more and it doesn't cost an arm and a leg. In addition, the customer support is top notch. ”
“We love the customized features, the customer support has been really great. It’s very easy to use (like using Google Docs or Microsoft Word). We chose Helpjuice as the pricing was good too.”
“Helpjuice provides the best of both worlds - an easy-to-use interface for people to add/edit articles, and, the flexibility to completely customize the site.”
“Service has been responsive and excellent. Helped us make updates, and the software is also very easy to use with many features. Best available Knowledge Base for the money.”
“I joined Helpjuice a few months ago and have been thrilled with the experience so far! The product is easy to use and the amount of freedom you get with the design is unprecedented.”
“We have found Helpjuice to have more features than we expected, important reporting, wonderful customizability, and great customer support.”
If you reading this, you are probably a Training, Customer Support, Product or Sales/Marketing manager at a growing company, and probably consider yourself ahead of the ‘curve’. With a Helpjuice knowledge base, we have helped companies like yours do 2 things very well:
Over 60% of US consumers prefer an automated self-service, such as a website or mobile app, for simple customer service tasks. Your customers are always on the go, they want to use your knowledge base, more than they want to contact support – the numbers speak for themselves, you just need to make that knowledge base awesome (again).
51 percent of people prefer technical support through a knowledge base. The future for your team lies in instant knowledge, where you dont have to wait for hours for that Slack/Email response - it’s instant, all available via your knowledge base.
Our search engine, unlike others, is built from the ground-up for knowledge base software – nothing else. We constantly observe how people search in knowledge bases and constantly improve our search engine.“Our customers love the intelligent search feature!”
It’s 2019, don’t settle for your knowledge base to look like a template that people presume sucks. With Helpjuice we have dozens of custom-made themes, and hand-customize every knowledge base for you, for your needs (all for free).”It is extremely customizable. We have strict brand rules we have to follow and Helpjuice allowed us to make all the customizations we needed.”
Instantly author articles without having to sit on a 45 minute demo “learning” about the tool. Does this sound familiar to you?“Many of our users are not fans of having to learn a new piece of software but the ease of use that Helpjuice provides has made it incredibly easy to implement.“
We have a fully dedicated page of knowledge base examples, but here’s a few of our knowledge bases. You’ll notice that they rarely resemble each other.
“Its ease of use and the ability to customize everything really sets it apart from the “competitors”. They are really not competing; it’s a totally different thing.”
Knowledge management is the process of creating, sharing, using and managing the knowledge and information of an organisation. The purpose of knowledge base software is to allow you to host your knowledge base/corporate wiki in one centralized ‘hub’. Both your customers, and employees can now access information within seconds!
Over 70% of your customers expect to be helped either immediately or within 5 minutes, and 73% prefer self-service support – a knowledge base is the perfect answer.
Helpjuice specializes thanks to 4 core elements that we do far better than any other company: Google-like Search, Insightful Analytics, Very Customizable and Dead-Simple Ease Of Use
While the average employee spends 20% of their time at work searching for information, a knowledge base can not only help speed that up, but also provide contextual details to help build a better knowledge base.
Our customers switching from existing knowledge base solutions, or other solutions such as Sharepoint, Google sites, or a shared drive, notice a huge impact in their organization's performance.
With 67% of churning customers citing poor customer service as a reason, a well-written, optimized and brand-fitted knowledge base is the go-to for customers looking for answers immediately.
Customers that switch to Helpjuice from other platforms (such as Zendesk), tend to see as far as 30% better utilization of their knowledge base
Not only does a knowledge base help with supporting your customers, but also people in search of solutions on the web will land on your knowledge base if it's properly optimized.
With your Helpjuice knowledge base already well-optimized for SEO, you do not have to do any setup
"Helpjuice has allowed us to make a center for all resident information to get instant knowledge at their fingertips, making the daunting task of creating and deploying our knowledge base exponentially easier" – Tanner D., IT Support
Some of the most innovative companies rely on Helpjuice.
Stable businesses serve their customers with Helpjuice.
Schools and college help students with Helpjuice.
Some of the biggest online stores rely on Helpjuice.
Largest organizations in the world use Helpjuice.