Hogwarts Extreme is a free fan site that puts you in the world of Harry Potter. From the Common Room to Diagon Alley: interact and role-play. Win the Quidditch World Cup, engage in the wizard economy, take classes, play games, and more! Your Hogwarts letter has arrived.
Enroll now. The Sorting Hat awaits.
IMMERSE YOURSELF IN A NEW WORLD WITHIN HOGWARTS EXTREME!
Hundreds of forums
Hang out with fellow Harry Potter fans, meet new people, make lasting friendships. There's a forum for everyone, here.
Roleplay in the castle
Gather your friends and explore Hogwarts as your favorite character, or one of your own creation. Drama, romance, adventure--your imagination's the limit!
Send owls to friends
Get out your quill and scroll. Your very own owl is waiting to deliver messages to your friends.
Start a club
Not everyone gets invited to the Slug Club, so form your own! Students founded S.P.E.W. and Dumbledore's Army; make your mark.
Get sorted
Face the sorting hat and find out whether you're in Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, or Slytherin! No matter which, you'll find a home and a family.
Take classes
Enroll in classes from the Hogwarts course catalogue. Do your homework to earn house points and progress through the years.
Read & write fan fiction
Re-write the Harry Potter Potter universe and share your story with thousands of fellow fans. Rate, comment, read, and create!
Care for pets
At Hogwarts Extreme, you're not limited to a cat, rat, toad, or owl. Pet rock? Baby dragon? Choose your magical companion in Diagon Alley.
Over 3,500 items
Collect the Deathly Hallows, the Horcruxes, or Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans. You can even wield the Sword of Godric Gryffindor.
Over 140 wizard cards
Accumulate the ultimate collection of famous witches and wizards throughout history. Show off your progress as you build and trade.
Stores, trades & auctions
Venture into Diagon Alley, Hogsmeade--or Knockturn Alley, if you dare! Set up your own shop, auction, or trade, and keep those extra Galleons safe in Gringotts.
Contests, lottery & events
You don't have to be an economic wizard. Luck out in the lottery or put your talents to use to win top prizes through contests and events.