XD 100 Save 33%, XD 200 Save 30%, XD 300 37%, XD 400 Save 40%, XD800 Save 31% SAVE FUEL WITH FUEL EFFICIENCY HYDROGEN KIT UP TO 30% in Car, Truck, Boat, Power Generator. Free Manual HHO kits Plug-N-Go User-Friendly Ready-to-use HHO generators are innovative with the main focus to reduce carbon emissions and restoring better fuel consumption manufactured in Ireland - EU protected by EUIPO.
|Engine spark plug
|EGR valve
|Engine Valves
|Exhaust pipe
Engine carbon deposition is inevitable. Decided by EFI engine control features, every time the cylinder's work is first fuel injection and the ignition, when we put out the engine moment the ignition is shut off immediately, but the work cycle emits gas can't be recycled, can only be attached with the inlet valve and combustion chamber walls, petrol is easy volatile, but gasoline of wax and colloids are left behind, in the long term in gasoline wax and gel more product thicker, after repeatedly heated harden carbon deposition was created.
HHO FACTORY, LTD
HHO Kit Active HHO Carbon Cleaner - ‘HHO Fuel Saver Kits’ - HHO Generators
HHO FACTORY, LTD manufactures ‘Plug n’ Play’ HHO Generators for your vehicle engine. The HHO Generator get to work straight away cleaning and removing carbon deposits coating the inside of your engine and combustion chamber.
Fuel Efficiency XD 100 Plug-N-Play HHO Kit HHO Generator Engines up to 1.5L Portable HHO Kit HHO Generator - Generateur HHO Engines up to 1000cc
The HHO generator operated by passing electricity through stainless steel 316L INOX plates immersed in water, separating hydrogen and oxygen in the process, which can be seen as gas bubbles coming from the plates and rising through the water.
HHO FACTORY, LTD has designed, patented and built a Bike, Car, Truck, Boat, Power generator Engine Improvement Device that is a compact Oxy-Hydrogen Gas (HHO) Generator using 12v -24V electricity to convert water into HHO gas which is fed into the engine and burned along with the engine fuel to reduce emissions, clean the engine to factory condition and restore original performance with better fuel consumption.
This unit can be installed in less than 15 minutes via a waterproof fused 12v-24v supply and earth, with a small diameter plastic pipe supplying the HHO gas to the intake manifold of the vehicle. The training required for installers is minimal and following instructions, any qualified mechanic can safely install this unit. Watch the videos.
Fuel Efficiency XD 200 Plug-N-Play HHO Kit HHO Generator Engines up to 2L Portable HHO Kit HHO Generator - Generateur HHO engines 1000 < 2000cc
The HHO generator operated by passing electricity through stainless steel 316L INOX plates immersed in water, separating hydrogen and oxygen in the process, which can be seen as gas bubbles coming from the plates and rising through the water.
HHO FACTORY, LTD has designed, patented and built a Car, Truck, Boat, Power generator Engine Improvement Device that is a compact Oxy-Hydrogen Gas (HHO) Generator using 12v -24V electricity to convert water into HHO gas which is fed into the engine and burned along with the engine fuel to reduce emissions, clean the engine to factory condition and restore original performance with better fuel consumption.
This unit can be installed in less than 15 minutes via a waterproof fused 12v-24v supply and earth, with a small diameter plastic pipe supplying the HHO gas to the intake manifold of the vehicle. The training required for installers is minimal and following instructions, any qualified mechanic can safely install this unit. Watch the videos.
Fuel Efficiency XD 300 Plug-N-Play HHO Kit HHO Generator Engines up to 3L Portable
HHO Kit HHO Generator - Generateur HHO Engines 2000 < 3000cc
The HHO generator operated by passing electricity through stainless steel 316L INOX plates immersed in water, separating hydrogen and oxygen in the process, which can be seen as gas bubbles coming from the plates and rising through the water.
HHO FACTORY, LTD has designed, patented and built a Car, Truck, Boat, Power generator Engine Improvement Device that is a compact Oxy-Hydrogen Gas (HHO) Generator using 12v -24V electricity to convert water into HHO gas which is fed into the engine and burned along with the engine fuel to reduce emissions, clean the engine to factory condition and restore original performance with better fuel consumption.
This unit can be installed in less than 15 minutes via a waterproof fused 12v-24v supply and earth, with a small diameter plastic pipe supplying the HHO gas to the intake manifold of the vehicle. The training required for installers is minimal and following instructions, any qualified mechanic can safely install this unit. Watch the videos.
Fuel Efficiency XD 400 Plug-N-Play HHO Kit HHO Generator Engines up to 4L Portable
HHO Kit HHO Generator - Generateur HHO Engines 3000< 4000cc
The HHO generator operated by passing electricity through stainless steel 316L INOX plates immersed in water, separating hydrogen and oxygen in the process, which can be seen as gas bubbles coming from the plates and rising through the water.
HHO FACTORY, LTD has designed, patented and built a Car, Truck, Boat, Power generator Engine Improvement Device that is a compact Oxy-Hydrogen Gas (HHO) Generator using 12v -24V electricity to convert water into HHO gas which is fed into the engine and burned along with the engine fuel to reduce emissions, clean the engine to factory condition and restore original performance with better fuel consumption.
This unit can be installed in less than 15 minutes via a waterproof fused 12v-24v supply and earth, with a small diameter plastic pipe supplying the HHO gas to the intake manifold of the vehicle. The training required for installers is minimal and following instructions, any qualified mechanic can safely install this unit. Watch the videos.
Fuel Efficiency XD 800 Plug-N-Play HHO Kit HHO Generator Engines up to 8L Portable HHO Kit HHO Generator - Generateur HHO Engines 4000< 8000cc
The HHO generator operated by passing electricity through stainless steel 316L INOX plates immersed in water, separating hydrogen and oxygen in the process, which can be seen as gas bubbles coming from the plates and rising through the water.
HHO FACTORY, LTD has designed, patented and built a Car, Truck, Boat, Power generator Engine Improvement Device that is a compact Oxy-Hydrogen Gas (HHO) Generator using 12v -24V electricity to convert water into HHO gas which is fed into the engine and burned along with the engine fuel to reduce emissions, clean the engine to factory condition and restore original performance with better fuel consumption.
This unit can be installed in less than 15 minutes via a waterproof fused 12v-24v supply and earth, with a small diameter plastic pipe supplying the HHO gas to the intake manifold of the vehicle. The training required for installers is minimal and following instructions, any qualified mechanic can safely install this unit. Watch the videos.
HHO Kit HHO Generator - Generateur HHO STX 1700 Active HHO Carbon Cleaner Plug-N-Go All-In-One
HHO Kit HHO Generator - Generateur HHO for engines up to 1700cc
Why is HHO Fuel Saver Kit described as an effective Active HHO carbon cleaner?
The practical result of the cleaning process with the Active HHO carbon cleaner (HHO Fuel Saver Kit) is that users tell us they see and feel their engines restored to deliver better fuel economy. The Benefits are a reduction in emissions as the hydrogen gas and the oxygen gas work with the engine fuel to help it burn completely. This is increased efficiency from the engine carbon cleaning restores better fuel consumption, engine power and has been documented and verified by practical testing and research NASA. The best result of the carbon cleaning process with the so-called Active HHO carbon cleaner people calls also as HHO Fuel Saver Kit because they see and feel restored and better fuel economy. Watch the videos.
HHO Kit HHO Generator - Generateur HHO STX 2700 Active HHO Carbon Cleaner Plug-N-Go All-In-One
HHO Kit HHO Generator - Generateur HHO For Engines 1701 < 2700cc up to 5LPH input 1.5A - peak 2.7A/ output 13.5A, 17 cores Plug-N-Go All-In-One Active HHO Carbon Cleaner Description: Amp Booster Load current 1.5A – input peak 2.7А / output 10A; Preinstalled HHO Generator X-CELL built-in no-need-to-install;
The Benefits are a reduction in emissions as the hydrogen gas and the oxygen gas work with the engine fuel to help it burn completely. This is increased efficiency from the engine carbon cleaning restores better fuel consumption, engine power and has been documented and verified by practical testing and research NASA. The best result of the carbon cleaning process with the so-called Active HHO carbon cleaner people calls also as HHO Fuel Saver Kit because they see and feel restored and better fuel economy. Watch the videos.
HHO Kit HHO Generator - Generateur HHO STX 3700 Active HHO Carbon Cleaner Plug-N-Go All-In-One
HHO Kit HHO Generator - Generateur HHO For Engines 2701 < 3700 up to 8LPH, input 2A - peak 3.7A/18.5A 26 cores Plug-N-Go All-In-One Active HHO Carbon Cleaner Description: Amp Booster Load current – input 2A - peak 3.7А / output 15A; Preinstalled HHO Generator X-CELL built-in no-need-to-install;
The Benefits are a reduction in emissions as the hydrogen gas and the oxygen gas work with the engine fuel to help it burn completely. This is increased efficiency from the engine carbon cleaning restores better fuel consumption, engine power and has been documented and verified by practical testing and research NASA. The best result of the carbon cleaning process with the so-called Active HHO carbon cleaner people calls also as HHO Fuel Saver Kit because they see and feel restored and better fuel economy. Watch the videos.
HHO Kit HHO Generator - Generateur HHO STX 4700 Active HHO Carbon Cleaner Plug-N-Go All-In-One
HHO Kit HHO Generator - Generateur HHO For Engines < 4700cc
Why is HHO Fuel Saver Kit described as an effective Active HHO carbon cleaner?
The practical result of the cleaning process with the Active HHO carbon cleaner (HHO Fuel Saver Kit) is that users tell us they see and feel their engines restored to deliver better fuel economy. The Benefits are a reduction in emissions as the hydrogen gas and the oxygen gas work with the engine fuel to help it burn completely. This is increased efficiency from the engine carbon cleaning restores better fuel consumption, engine power and has been documented and verified by practical testing and research NASA. The best result of the carbon cleaning process with the so-called Active HHO carbon cleaner people calls also as HHO Fuel Saver Kit because they see and feel restored and better fuel economy. Watch the videos.
HHO Kit HHO Generator - Generateur HHO STX 6700 Active HHO Carbon Cleaner Plug-N-Go All-In-One
HHO Kit HHO Generator - Generateur HHO For Engines up to 6700cc
Why is HHO Fuel Saver Kit described as an effective Active HHO carbon cleaner?
The practical result of the cleaning process with the Active HHO carbon cleaner (HHO Fuel Saver Kit) is that users tell us they see and feel their engines restored to deliver better fuel economy. The Benefits are a reduction in emissions as the hydrogen gas and the oxygen gas work with the engine fuel to help it burn completely. This is increased efficiency from the engine carbon cleaning restores better fuel consumption, engine power and has been documented and verified by practical testing and research NASA. The best result of the carbon cleaning process with the so-called Active HHO carbon cleaner people calls also as HHO Fuel Saver Kit because they see and feel restored and better fuel economy. Watch the videos.
This HHO Carbon Cleaning action restores your engine ‘Clean as New’ condition.
Ireland based HHO FACTORY Ltd. specializes in delivering carbon emission-reducing hydrogen technologies to the global marketplace. HHO generators are innovative in design, by operating very efficiently at low amps, with the main design focus to reduce carbon emissions and restore better fuel consumption by cleaning your engine from the inside out.
When you invest your hard-earned money in an HHO Factory HHO Generator, you get a fully tested and fully researched, Plug-N-Go User-Friendly Ready-to-use, manufactured in Ireland, quality piece of equipment. Designed with care and assembled with precision, all based on exhaustive real-world testing and data analysis, every HHO Factory HHO Generator will do exactly as promised, once you install it correctly, according to instructions and videos.
All HHO Generator Kits and All ‘Plug n’ Play’ units are EU are protected by EUIPO - European Union Intellectual Property Office.
Why is HHO Fuel Saver Kit described as an effective Active HHO carbon cleaner?
The practical result of the cleaning process with the Active HHO carbon cleaner (HHO Fuel Saver Kit) is that users tell us they see and feel their engines restored to deliver better fuel economy.
With our HHO X-CELL generators, you don't need to alter or manipulate your ECU to gain power or fuel economy.
You have to take care not to get involved with non-tested, unprofessional HHO cells made carelessly to an old design. These are very often built without scientific testing, and usually, have too many useless neutral plates, so the only way to overcome their lack of technical knowledge is to keep increasing the amps delivered to the plates. The battery and the alternator have to work much harder to supply this current, and any savings made from the HHO gas are used up to drive the alternator. Of course, you can expect your alternator and battery to have a shortened working life in the process.
OK!, So that’s the bad stuff. And you need to know it because there are so may other HHO Generators out there that are not fit for purpose.
However! HHO FACTORY has some good news for you! Guaranteed!
HHO FACTORY now has available our HHO X-Cell Generator HHO kits developed in 2019 and manufactured by HHO FACTORY, LTD right here in Ireland. These kits use a very low current of 200mA to 1.5 A to achieve the best result in reducing emissions, increasing power and restores better fuel consumption in your small and medium engine. And that’s all down to HHO FACTORY’s obsessive research, constant testing and persistent design improvement.
--------------------- AND ----------------------
The main benefit to you, and to your engine are a reduction in emissions, and restoration of your engine's efficiency burning petrol and diesel.
How does it work?
The HHO Generator hydrolyzes the ionized water into Oxygen and Hydrogen Gas. The hydrogen gas and the oxygen gas improve the combustibility of your fuel mixture to help it burn completely. HHO Gas speeds up the flame propagation within your combustion chamber, giving more time for combustion (because it starts immediately and burns more thoroughly) thereby causing more complete fuel combustion.
This increased efficiency gives more power from your fuel, each rotation of the crankshaft, and you can either accelerate more quickly if you choose or drive more gently and your engine will be more fuel-efficient.
Check out the acceleration app to test the before and after the performance of your engine, so you can be certain you have purchased an HHO Generator that actually makes a real-world difference to your engine.
You don't need a massive amount of HHO Gas, but you do need the correct amount, delivered in the most efficient and precise manner possible. And that’s exactly what the HHO X-Cell Generator HHO kit does best.
How does Carbon Cleaning Work?
The HHO Gas (Hydrogen & Oxygen) burns in the combustion chamber and turns back into the water (H2O), but it is so hot in the combustion chamber, the water actually becomes superheated steam or super hot water vapor. Water Vapour is invisible as it emerges from your exhaust, so you won't make a big storm cloud as you drive down the street.
It is this superheated steam that helps to clean the carbon deposits away from the inside of your engine, helped by the reduction in the carbon production, because of your new more efficient combustion process.
So: The engine carbon cleaning restores better fuel consumption, increases engine power and has been documented and verified by practical testing and research by NASA.
The best result of the carbon cleaning process with the so-called Active HHO Carbon Cleaner (HHO Fuel Saver Kit) is that your engine will feel stronger and livelier, and your harmful emissions are reduced due to more complete combustion, and yes, if you drive a little more gently, you can save fuel too.
HHO FACTORY has tested everything, so you don't have to.
HHO FACTORY has fussed over every little detail, so you don't have to.
HHO FACTORY has built you the very best HHO Generator, so you don't have to.
Invest in an HHO FACTORY HHO GENERATOR Today.
It's the best decision you’ll make all year.
The HHO generator operated by passing electricity through stainless steel 316L INOX plates immersed in water, separating hydrogen and oxygen in the process, which can be seen as gas bubbles coming from the plates and rising through the water.
HHO FACTORY, LTD has designed, patented and built a Car, Truck, Boat, Power generator Engine Improvement Device that is a compact Oxy-Hydrogen Gas (HHO) Generator using 12v -24V electricity to convert water into HHO gas which is fed into the engine and burned along with the engine fuel to reduce emissions, clean the engine to factory condition and restore original performance with better fuel consumption.
This unit can be installed in less than 15 minutes via a waterproof fused 12v-24v supply and earth, with a small diameter plastic pipe supplying the HHO gas to the intake manifold of the vehicle. The training required for installers is minimal and following instructions, any qualified mechanic can safely install this unit.
What is HHO Gas?
Hydroxy Gas is also known as Brown's gas and is a chemical used in high-powered lights and lamps, torches, and welding tools. Also known as oxyhydrogen, Brown's gas was named for Yull Brown, a Bulgarian inventor who first patented two producers of oxyhydrogen. It is a technology that burns water as fuel, and can be used for heating, cutting, fusing, and is popular in automotive industries. It is also known as HHO gas, oxy-hydrogen di-hydroxy, green gas, water gas, and knallgas.
Brown's gas has been used in the melting of and working with many metals. Because of the high temperature possible in oxyhydrogen, the chemical has been used to melt various metals, such as platinum, since its discovery, though more efficient and safe methods have since been discovered. The oxyhydrogen torch has been used in this method for cutting glass and thermoplastics as well. It has also been used as an experimental automotive fuel.
Brown's gas is a mixture of the elements of water in the same proportions as water: Hydrogen and Oxygen mixed at a 2:1 ratio.
An electric current from the vehicle alternator is used to separate and disassociate the molecules of the water, allowing the hydrogen and oxygen to act independently of each other. It can burn with almost any volume of hydrogen, and when burnt it converts to water vapor and releases energy. This energy released is enough to keep the reaction burning, and the chemical powered, as long as hydrogen remains.
Brown's gas burns at a rate of 241.8 kilojoules of energy. It can reach a temperature of 2800° Celsius (5072° Fahrenheit), which is nearly 700° C (1290° F) hotter than a normal hydrogen flame produced in air. When the molecules are in their proper ratio and producing their own energy, ignition is enough to keep the gas burning and can reach a level 3.8 times higher than that of a normal oxygen flame.
Yull Brown first patented an electrolyzer in 1977 to utilize the power and benefits of Brown's gas. An electrolyzer is a tool that separates the oxygen and hydrogen of water by decomposing it into its separate components. Brown's gas has been introduced to manufacturers and the general public through generators that prepare the gas for welding. It is a relatively safe substance to work with. It is odorless and not poisonous when inhaled or ingested, and its cheap cost and abundance, only the price of electricity and water, make Brown's gas an available and convenient chemical for many scientific endeavors.
How HHO Gas works in your engine:
The HHO Gas Generator raises the efficiency of your engine by feeding a hydrogen/oxygen gas mix (called “HHO” gas) into your engine along with the air that is drawn in to make the engine run. A device of this type is called a “booster” as it boosts the fuel burn, extracting a greater percentage of the fuel’s available energy. An important side effect of this improvement in the burn quality of the fuel is the fact that unburned fuel no longer gets pushed out of the exhaust as harmful emissions.
Another effect is that the engine has greater pulling power and runs smoother. Inside your engine, carbon deposits will have built up from previous un-boosted running and these deposits get burnt away when you use a booster and that internal cleaning extends the engine life.
Some people worry about the fact that burning HHO gas produces water and they imagine this water causing rusting inside the engine. What they don’t realize is that the ordinary fuel used in the engine is a “hydrocarbon” which is a compound of hydrogen and carbon and that fuel actually splits up to form hydrogen which the engine burns. Actually, it is the carbon part of the hydrocarbon fuel that is the problem, producing Carbon Dioxide, Carbon Monoxide, and physical carbon deposits inside the engine. A normal fuel burn produces water anyway, but you don’t get rusting inside the engine as the temperature there is so high that any water is in the form of steam or vapor which dry out completely when the engine is switched off.
Adding a very small amount of HHO gas to the engine during operation has no adverse effects at all: just cleans out carbon deposits, reducing emissions by helping the fuel to burn more cleanly, adding power, and reducing overall fuel consumption.
NASA research
NASA conducted several studies using hydrogen as a supplemental fuel in an internal combustion engine running on gasoline. Their research specifically demonstrated that the higher flame speed of hydrogen was responsible for being able to extend the efficient lean operating range of a gasoline engine.
NASA Research on Hydrogen gas has shown that Hydrogen supplemental fuel engines produce fewer carbon emissions.
Mixture-ratio combustion in internal-combustion engines has the potential of producing low emissions and higher thermal efficiency for several reasons:
Excess oxygen in the charge further oxidizes unburned hydrocarbons and carbon monoxide;
Excess oxygen lowers the peak combustion temperatures, which inhibits the formation of oxides of nitrogen;
The lower combustion temperatures increase the mixture specific heat ratio by decreasing the net dissociation losses;
As the specific heat ratio increases, the cycle thermal efficiency also increases, which gives the potential for better fuel economy.
Let Us Find the Best HHO kit HHO generator with HHO X-CELL Inside For Your vehicle, boat, power generator!Start a chat or Contact Us here.
A market is never saturated with a good product, but it is very quickly saturated with a bad one. -- Henry Ford
For vehicle manufacturers, Hydrogen is a fuel additive that can significantly increase fuel economy and efficiency while decreasing polluting emissions. Unlike other alternative energy sources, Hydrogen is an evolutionary technology that requires minimal modifications to existing systems to produce tremendous benefits.
Nikola Tesla would tell you...
"We have been splitting Atoms for over 50 years why would we not be able to run a car on Water as Fuel or use Hydrogen for safe energy?
Jules Verne, The Mysterious Island (1874)
"I believe that Water as Fuel will one day be employed as fuel, that hydrogen and oxygen which constitute it, used singly or together, will furnish an inexhaustible source of heat and light, of an intensity of which coal is not capable.”
"In Times of Economic Despair Suppressed Inventions of the Past Resurface."
--Thomas Edison--
If you really think air pollution is less important than the fuel economy Try holding your breath while you count your money.
© 2019 All Rights Reserved - www.HHOKIT.ie