It's Time For Fall Planting!
Save Up To 30% On Perennial Plants | Ends 10/28
Sustainable Lawns
Grow It, Don't Mow It: Replace Your Lawn
Gardening Tips & Know-How
Waterwise Perennials
Less water, less money, less work...more blooms!
For over 25 years, we've tested, bred and cultivated the most water-thrifty, durable, unique and colorful plants available anywhere. Once established, our waterwise plants use less water and you'll expend less effort maintaining your garden.
Salvia | Sage
- Long-blooming and easy to care for.
- Attract hummingbirds and butterflies.
- Foliage is sweetly aromatic and deer resistant.
Achillea | Yarrow
- Water-thrifty, low-maintenance.
- Prefer hot, sunny, dry conditions.
- Long-blooming, butterfly-attracting flowers.
Invite Nature To Your Garden
Hummingbirds are great learners and will remember favorite plants over the years. They love the nectar provided by native plants--If they come once, they'll return!
Proud to support the Hummingbird Society, Audubon Rockies' Habitat Hero program and KidsGardening.org.
Blonde Ambition
Blue Grama Grass
The unique, horizontal blond seed heads look particularly beautiful when soft breezes sway them to and fro. Easy-to-grow, native, low maintenance and water-thrifty—it’s the perfect grass for any garden. Our highest-rated ornamental grass.Shop Blonde Ambition Grass
Gold Dew Tufted Hair Grass
Gold Dew Tufted Hair Grass is a colorful, fine textured native grass loved for its profuse display of misty, golden flowers and attractive seed heads that hold through winter.Shop Gold Dew Tufted Hair Grass
Ornamental Grass
Create a sustainable, low-water landscape by mass-planting Ornamental Grasses. End result: an easy-care garden with a dramatic, unified look.
Maiden Hair Grass
Gracillimus is a superb selection of Chinese Maidenhair grass that blooms with a massive display of copper colored flowers in late summer.Shop Maiden Hair Grass
Garden Favorites
Proven, Customer Favorite Wildflowers
"I bought this seed mix to use as a bug-friendly native bee enticement around my vegetable garden. It worked so beautifully and grew in so well, we're planting it as a pollinator-border in the front yard! I thoroughly recommend this seed blend."
Read: Wildflower Seed - Planting In Fall
Proven Performers: Our Top-Rated Bulbs
There is no easier way to color up your spring garden than by planting bulbs. Many bulbs are perennials and will naturalize (multiply and spread) when they find your yard to their liking. And they're an important sources of early season nectar for hungry honeybees!
Read: Tips For Planting Tulip Bulbs
High Country Gardens: Our Story
Pioneers in Sustainable Gardening
At High Country Gardens we offer plants, products and information that support long-term ecological balance and builds and sustains the love of gardening for generations to come. Our mission is to improve the earth one garden at a time.
Eco-Friendly Gardening & Native Plants:
We’ve addressed the growing needs for water conservation and environmentally-friendly gardening practices by developing an incredible selection of waterwise and native plants. Our plants are chosen for their hardiness, beauty and their support of habitat creation.
Unique Plant Varieties:
We have built our reputation by developing and offering unique plant hybrids that you cannot find elsewhere. Many of our varieties have been exclusively developed by our Founder & Chief Horticulturist, David Salman, the 2008 American Horticultural Society’s Great American Gardener award winner.
Drought Resistant Plants:
We are especially known for our xeric plants, that need minimal water and care once established. Xeriscaping, the practice of landscaping with drought-tolerant plants, has spread beyond just the Southwest and many of our low-water perennials will thrive nationwide.
“HCG is even better than before, and their highly responsive and thorough customer service is the main reason I am a loyal customer! The plants are wonderful, but the people who stand behind them are even more so!”