#1 Collaboration Platform for Behavior Driven Development
Define acceptance criteria, execute automated tests, and generate living documentation — all in one platform — with HipTest.
Deliver quality at the
speed of modern business
HipTest offers comprehensive and easy-to-use features that help you define your idea, test your code, and learn in production from real-time insight.
Define in collaboration with BDD
Bridge the gap between business and technology by defining acceptance criteria using shared business terminology.
Accelerate development with automated testing
Execute your tests manually or increase deployment frequency with test automation.
Get real-time insights with living documentation
Generate living documentation from your tests to improve team collaboration and gain actionable insight for your application.
The best agile teams
use HipTest
Join thousands of teams who depend on HipTest to get their product to market, faster.
With BDD and living documentation feature, it is even easier for anyone to understand what the product does.
The design of new executable requirements is done really quickly after the conversation between the PO, the developer and the tester. We went from a few hours to a few minutes!
Florent Vaution, Ouest France
I have tried different tools and Hiptest turned out to be the most flexible and feature rich one. Hiptest does not force any workflow, you can run BDD but you don’t have to… The support is super fast.
Pawel Wesolowski - Sixty
I was searching for a tool to streamline our test process and came across Hiptest. I started as a POC and we now have 500 strong test case repositories integrated with Jira, Jenkins and a strong automation suite with more in pipeline
Gopinath Rao, Intechnica
It’s like nitro in your engine ! It is full of clear and flexible features to ease Agile developments. We have been using Hiptest for more than 2 years, in several ways (automation, manual testing,…), and it always fulfils our needs.
Raphaël Citeau, Flowbird
Try HipTest for free
Accelerate your development workflow today! 30-day trial, no credit card required.Get started
A plan for everyone
HipTest is always free for small teams and open source projects.See pricing options
Start and Scale Behavior
Driven Development
In this ebook, learn how to use Behavior Driven Development (BDD) to enhance collaboration, speed up test automation, and create living documentation.Download the book