Find the right local movers for your unique move. Get loading and unloading move help for your rental truck or storage container, or search for movers with a truck. Your back won't ache. Your friends will thank you. And you'll save a lot of time and money.
Each long-distance and local mover on HireAHelper is displayed in one sortable list with clear pricing, making it the web's easiest place to compare all your local moving company options. (Oh, and the price doesn't suddenly change on moving day. The price you see is the price you pay for the hours you use—no extra fees or charges.)
Only paying customers can leave reviews on HireAHelper, so every review is honest and verified. The local movers on HireAHelper know you'll be leaving them an unfiltered review. The more five-star reviews they get, the more customers choose them.
We're here watching the phones, and we're ready for your local or long-distance moving questions. Our in-house team of moving experts are ready 7 days a week to spring into action and make your moving day as carefree as possible.
On top of our complimentary Standard Repair Coverage, if the job doesn't go right, we'll reimburse you up to the amount you paid through HireAHelper. Our Service Guarantee covers up to $1,000 in damages at no extra cost to you.
HireAHelper has worked more than 10 years curating the best movers from around the country, which means we have the highest quality movers you can book anywhere online. All MC#/DOT licenses, reviews, and insurance policies are clearly listed on every profile, so you'll feel extra good about your moving company.
On average, customers rate moves through HireAHelper 4.7 stars out of 5.0 after 135,469 customer reviews
Guys were great.polite, hard working. Asked a lot of excellent questions. Would hire those two guys again!!
Great job! These guys packed my U-Haul perfectly and I was able to take more than I expected. They were very careful with all our furniture. We were very happy with the job they did and we would absolutely use them again!
WOW! We are ex-military and have had many experiences with movers, Marathon was the best. They were on time, very courteous, worked hard, patient and very knowledgeable about their job, Hire them and you won't be disappointed.
What a great team to work with to empty our PODs into our new house. They were prompt, courteous, friendly, helpful.
They worked really hard and got everything moved very quickly! I wasnt sure everything would fit in the truck, but somehow they made it happen. And they were excellent with communicating over phone before the move. Would recommend!
The 3 A's were a terrific team, working effortlessly and carefully with my belongings. I made sure to have a cooler full of Gatorade and water and I tipped them each $20. for completing the job so quickly.
Excellent work. Showed up st the beginning of the window, worked hard throughout.
These guys were great! They showed up on time and ready to work. These guys had to carry our furniture down two flights of stairs and another 80 yards to the container. Never once did they complain. They took the time to make sure our items were packed and loaded properly. This was evident by not having any damage on the other end. I would not hesitate to use these guys again.
Who knew we would have the owner of the company personally helping move my Mom and Sister? They arrived early, helped dismantle and reconnect two large heavy beds in no time flat! Very personable, careful with our items,walls, etc. We were very happy with Noah’s Movers and would absolutely recommend and rehire them again! Thank you for all your help and hard work!!
Both movers were hard workers and brought a great attitude. I would happily hire them again.
So very happy I found this company. We moved from Maine to Arizona with Zippy Shell and needed help to unload our Pods. The crew they sent were wonderful, careful and courteous. 5*s
I have moved 4 times in the last 6 years. Steve and Alex were by FAR the best movers I have ever worked with. I would highly recommend them to anyone looking for professionals. Thank you, guys.
We are a real brick-and-mortar company based in Oceanside, CA. To make sure your move goes smoothly, you can reach a real person here 7 days a week.
The move Helpers you see on HireAHelper do loading, unloading and transportation jobs for a living.
Many are labor-only movers that specialize in loading and unloading services. Others are professional moving companies with their own trucks. Booking only what you need is one way HireAHelper saves you tons of money on your move.
Most movers will resolve any damage issues on their own in order to maintain their great reviews. But in case your service provider does not resolve your damage claim, we provide complimentary mover's insurance which covers $.60/lb., up to $10,000. We also offer Full Value add-on coverage through our partners at MovingInsurance.com. Rates begin at $12 per $1,000 in coverage.
I don't see my city! Show me movers near me.
HireAHelper has more than 10 years of experience giving people the best moves of their lives.
People love us on TrustPilot.
Our moms are very proud of us.
You will be, too.
Moving101 Is the Best Guide Online for Moving