"Everything you need at your fingertips! This program completely consolidates the hiring process. It's a one-stop shop."
HiringThing makes each step in the hiring process simple, intuitive, and effective, resulting in calm colleagues, well-staffed teams, and happy clients. What’s our secret? Great technology, superior – and fast – implementation, and support like you won’t believe.
Find out just how effortless hiring great employees can be with the HiringThing platform. It's never been easier to post jobs online, manage applicants and hire great employees. We simplify every step in the hiring process so that you get the people you need, fast.
The power of an award-winning ATS, combined with simple, seamless integration with any aspect of your business from custom workflows to full re-branding. Fully hosted and supported by us, making it easy and downright happy for you.
ATS Anywhere™ is a powerful recruiting API and platform that enables Hiring Happiness™ for anyone, anywhere. Integrate our applicant tracking system into your HRIS, payroll, or other HR system and watch your sales potential expand. Become a single-source HR solution offering your clients the advanced features they demand.
Add value to your existing platform by providing seamlessly branded, custom solutions that meet your clients' exact needs and demands.
A dedicated account manager will work with you at every step, help train your sales team, and develop high-impact marketing for your solution.
Customized, integrated recruiting lets you expand your offering, close more deals and retain more clients with a complete solution.
Jump into our award-winning, modern, powerful, easy-to-use recruiting solution that will integrate with your platform.
"Everything you need at your fingertips! This program completely consolidates the hiring process. It's a one-stop shop."
"I both recruit and use this ATS across multiple high tech clients. No other ATS has these features. HiringThing provides ease of use for hiring managers, affordability and a solid platform of features for savvy recruiters. "
"It’s difficult to understand how much better the hiring process can be. HiringThing changed something manual and time consuming into a streamlined, efficient process. Every company should use it!"
"Everything you need at your fingertips! This program completely consolidates the hiring process. It's a one-stop shop."
"I both recruit and use this ATS across multiple high tech clients. No other ATS has these features. HiringThing provides ease of use for hiring managers, affordability and a solid platform of features for savvy recruiters. "
Simply sign up for a 14-day free trial and see what Hiring Happiness™ can mean for you.