Watch Interview with Morning Joe.
Want To Attract, Engage & Retain Top Talent?
Enter Your Email Below to Get a Free Copy of My Bestselling Book!
Meet Dr. Eric Frazer
I help businesses and organizations identify, hire and retain top talent by leveraging a unique blend of clinical psychology and proven, practical research that translates into measurable ROI.
As a result, your organization is able to attract, engage and inspire its top performers, along with increasing productivity & revenue, building an attractive workplace culture and eliminating the expensive, time-consuming and deflating "hiring and firing" cycles so many companies and organizations find themselves trapped in.
Want to see how it all works?
Contact me to learn more about my Consulting, Speaking & Training offerings.
About The Book
What if you could unlock the secrets of high performers? What if you could apply a few simple, scientifically-proven techniques that turn average teams into rockstars?
In this ground-breaking new book, psychologist, Dr. Eric Frazer uncovers the latest research into the psychology of top performers; how they think, how they act, how they solve the world's most complex problems.
And now he's showing you how to leverage these principles from positive psychology to skyrocket the performance of your team in just a few short weeks:
- Increased sales.
- Better customer service.
- Improved employee engagement.
- Greater innovation and problem solving.
- Less employee conflict.
- Fewer mistakes.
Sound too good to be true?
It's not.
From visionary tech companies, to the food and beverage industry, to pharmaceuticals, to aerospace, these simple principles are responsible for creating and molding high performing individuals and teams.
This short, actionable book is solution-focused and sums up the most compelling and applicable psychological research about attracting, hiring, and retaining top talent.
Here's what you'll discover:
Developing Grit: A simple questionnaire to identify candidates with grit (Research previously done with US Special Forces candidates)
Applying The Growth Mindset: How the world's most prestigious companies empower a "growth mindset" in their employees
Becoming a Beyonder: How to develop employees that will consistently go "above and beyond"
The Power Engaging in Deliberate Practice: How to become a high performer at work by modeling world class athletes
How to Build Deep Customer Appreciation: How to train your team to accurately understand customer needs and wants - and deliver on them!
Creating Renewable Flow States: The simple technique to ensure high-performance WITHOUT burnout
And much more...
Relying on decades of research in psychological assessment and positive psychology, you'll not only learn the psychological principles that the world's most successful companies use, you'll discover how to apply them.
Chock full of examples, case studies, assessment tools, and actionable guides, you can read this book in less than an hour and start applying the advice immediately.