Our customers save up to 80 hours per month using Hiveage.
Manage Money
Cashflow is critical for small businesses. Hiveage is designed to make invoicing and payments hassle- and stress-free for entrepreneurs.
Manage Customers
Serve your customers better by keeping them informed with timely quotations, account statements, time and expense reports and more.
Manage Your Team
Let your employees track and bill for their work, selectively grant access to clients and projects, and share financial information securely within your team.
Create and send professional invoices in minutes
Impress your clients with elegant invoices with your branding and make it easy for them to pay on time.
Accept online payments with ease
Choose from more than a dozen popular online payment gateways or use our built-in payments option to serve clients around the world.
Create estimates and quotations
Prepare estimates for your clients, get their acceptance online, and easily generate invoices from quotations.
Recurring and subscription billing
Charge subscriptions and recurring payments with ease using manual, automatic and auto-billing recurring invoices.
Track time, expenses and mileage
Log the hours you work on client projects, record your expenses, keep track of your business trips, and seamlessly convert them into invoices.
View detailed financial reports
Stay on top of your finances with real-time reports on income and expenses, invoice details, accounts aging and more.
Sign up for a free trial and see how you can
manage your small business finances more efficiently.
Why choose Hiveage
for online invoicing and billing?
Elegant & Intuitive
Financial software can be cumbersome, but we have designed our online billing software platform to be easy to use from the ground up. Get up and running and send your first online invoice in just a few minutes.
No Software to Install
Hiveage is a cloud-based online invoicing software: you don’t have to download or install anything. Your Hiveage account is accessible online whenever you want.
Invoice from Any Device
You can log into Hiveage with any web-enabled device, be it PC, Mac, iOS or Android. We also have mobile apps for iOS and Android.
Fast & Unlimited Support
We take great pride in our support. Whether it’s a question about your account or what online invoice features are available, you can always talk to us using the in-app chat, or quickly contact our team at support@hiveage.com.
Security, Uptime & Backups
We know your small business can’t take a day off, which is why Hiveage maintains a 99.9% uptime on average. That way you can send an online invoice when it’s convenient for you. Our online invoicing software uses redundant storage and servers to keep your data safe and available at all times.
Import & Export Your Data
We value data portability, which is why you can save your online invoices wherever you like. You can import and export your data and reports as CSV files, using our API, or with our convenient tools that connect to other software.