At HolidayPirates, we are an international team that finds the cheapest travel deals for hotels, flights and package tours every single day. We publish information about travel deal vouchers and cheap holidays, as well as travel deals for bus and train tickets. We have been active since 2011, making us one of the first big players in the world of travel deal providers. And it paid off—today we are active in ten different countries and have become one of the biggest social media communities for millions of travelers worldwide.
The best thing about our travel deals is that they are the most current travel deals you will find anywhere. Every single day we are informing our customers of the latest travel deals in real time over our social media accounts or via our WhatsApp service.
The better question would be where can’t you travel with our deals. We offer travel deals as versatile as the destinations you can reach with them. With HolidayPirates deals you can travel to almost every corner of the world: from wellness trips, weekend getaways, party holidays and short breaks all the way to skiing trips, cheap summer holidays and all-inclusive holiday packages. When it comes to cheap holidays, you can find trips for all ages and to hundreds of destinations...but of course we also have travel deals just for cheap flights or accommodation. We have everything a traveler with the heart of a pirate longs for—and all of that at the cheapest prices!
Of course, you can just choose any of our travel deals that you like and book. If you are looking for something specific and want to put together a more individual trip, you can use our “search & book” function to find the best cheap package holidays. Just enter your outgoing airport and your dream destination, pick a date that suits you and select how many people are going to be on the trip. After that, just go through the different travel deals that suit your specifications and find the one that’s perfect for you. You can also further filter the results to make the search even easier.
You don’t always have to book a luxurious vacation—our pirate travel deals always offer you great prices for your holidays. The easiest way to save more money and book a cheap holiday is by being flexible. For example, you can save even more money and find cheaper prices with our “search & book” function than usual if you are a bit flexible regarding your outgoing airport, destination or the time of your trip. It’s also a great option to wait to book your trip until you find an Error Fare. The best way to book them is if you subscribe to our WhatsApp Service. This way you will be informed directly when an Error Fare pops up and can immediately book it. With Error Fares it is especially important to book quickly, since they usually sell out super fast. With these tips, you can find cheap holidays to any destination in the world. Of course, it is also definitely a good idea to regularly check our Last Minute Deals.
You don’t always have to spring for a luxury all-inclusive holiday in the Caribbean or a long trip with expensive hotel stays in South America. Here are our favorite travel destinations under 700 pounds. Everything from beach trips to city breaks—all just a short flight away.
A city break to Prague, for example, is a cheap and easy travel option. It’s easy to find cheap flights, and the prices of hostels, food, and beer are very low.
When traveling to France, you have the option to go by bus, car, or plane. Travel in the off season for cheaper hotels and fewer tourists. Disneyland Paris is an ideal choice for families with kids.
Flights to major German cities like Berlin, Munich, and Hamburg are quick and cheap even in the summer. Low prices on beer and food as well as plenty of free activities make Germany a great choice for a cheap holiday.
Poland is easily accessible and a great cheap option for budget travelers. It’s not hard to take a long holiday in Poland and spend very little money.
The heart of Europe delights with beautiful national parks and exciting cities such as Bratislava. Fly return from London for as little as 25 pounds.
Whether it’s a beach holiday on Lake Balaton (perfect for travelers of all ages) or a city break in Budapest, Hungary has something to offer every vacationer. Our Hungary travel deals usually cost less than 200 pounds.
Despite its popularity, Portugal, with beautiful beaches and cool cities, is a relatively cheap destination. Book a budget hotel in Lisbon for a city break or settle in for a beach holiday at an all-inclusive resort in the Algarve.
Croatia is the trendy destination in Europe at the moment, but fortunately the prices are still cheap (for now)! Book one of our Croatia travel deals quick before prices start to rise.
In Turkey there are often cheap deals, although mostly in the more touristy areas. That being said, we won’t turn up our noses at 7 nights near the beach with flights and hotel included all under 180 pounds!
From its beautiful beaches to its idyllic landscapes, Mallorca is popular for a reason! You’ll find plenty of travel deals for cheap holidays to Mallorca, from all-inclusive resorts for vacationers of all ages to romantic luxury hotels.
Visit the pyramids, wander through the desert, cruise the Nile, or just relax by the sea in Hurghada. Egypt is incredibly versatile and therefore always worth a visit! You will not believe how cheap luxury deals are to the Red Sea.
The beautiful Spanish island on the north coast of Africa inspires more and more tourists to head south. But don’t wait too long to book, because the early bird catches the cheap travel deals to the Canaries!
Classic trips such as vacations to Lake Garda are reasonably priced and also quite feasible even if you just have a short break. Book a nice holiday home, hop on a flight and enjoy la dolce vita with your friends.
Book a quick and easy holiday by choosing one of our holiday deals to hundreds of top destinations. Our holiday deals include flights and accommodation, so you can get your holiday plans sorted with no fuss. Some of our deals also include meals, drinks, transfers and special experiences like guided tours. We have all types of trips: city breaks, beach trips, luxury getaways, all-inclusive resorts, tours for travelers of all ages and package holidays from trusted tour operators. First choose where you want to go and then compare our current deals to see which offers suit you best. Whether you’d like an extended holiday or just need to get away for a couple of days, you’re sure to find the trip that’s right for you!
Experience a new European city over a couple of days or jet off abroad and spend even longer in popular cities like Las Vegas and Dubai
All the meals and drinks you could ask for available on-site at your all inclusive accommodation? Sign me up!
There’s never a bad time for a beach holiday! Relax in the sun or try out snorkeling, scuba diving, or surfing
Put your comfort first and immerse yourself in full-on pampering with a luxury getaway
Fun for tourists of any age, these family holidays are full of great experiences for adults and children alike
See multiple different destinations in just one trip
Tour operators create cheap holiday packages and you book them with just one click. Sound like a dream come true? Read more below.
So pack your bags and get ready for your next adventure, because HolidayPirates has got you covered!
Download our App to stay up to date'