Giving your mum a gift shows her that you love her, think about her, and appreciate all she does for you. Why not surprise our mothers with gifts when they least expect it? Your mum will love small gestures more than any tangible gift. The small gifts mean more.
includes lots of quick, easy, and inexpensive ideas for games, prizes, costumes, decorations, and food for a party based on "The Hobbit" or "The Lord of the Rings."
This article includes step-by-step instructions and process photos to help you make your own DIY Woody Halloween costume. Woody is the cowboy toy from the "Toy Story" film franchise.
Haunted houses can be elaborate commercial ones, homemade basement events, or even set up at a campground. Big or small, all haunted houses need fresh ideas to scare the guests. Here you'll find many ideas!
This article explores the origins of Halloween costumes as well as their social and religious significance throughout history.
Horror quotes are like a secret language to hardcore fans of the genre. They use the creepy sayings quite often even though people who rarely watch horror never get it.
I always wanted to have a go at knitting design, and one day decided to try. My design ethos is that with the simplest of knitted shapes (i.e. minimum shaping and a little imagination), you can produce some amazing creations. Here are instructions for how to knit your own Halloween mummy doll.
Pennywise is the clown from the movie "IT" that terrorizes and kills the children, so he is a perfect addition to my Halloween display. Here are step-by-step instructions with photos to help you make your own Pennywise decoration for Halloween.
I guarantee this day, a mother you know is faking a smile, hiding tears, or torturing herself by reading all the sappy callouts on social media about other wonderful mothers. She dreads this day every year. Don't t forget her or the other amazing women who played a positive role in your life.
Create a luxurious spa-like candlelight bubble bath experience to relax, unwind, indulge yourself and perhaps set a romantic mood for your partner. Follow these 10 steps to a perfect soak in the tub.
Are you looking for something different in Christmas music this year? Celebrate the season with fresh, new offerings from contemporary Christian music artists.
"Silent Night"—one of the most popular Christmas carols—is now more than 200 years old. This article includes origin theories and other trivia pertaining to the classic holiday poem.
Do you know all of the reindeer names? How about the 10th reindeer name? Join me on this fun adventure to learn all the names and to get an inside peek at all the reindeers' personalities.
This article includes step-by-step instructions for making a DIY Clark Kent/Superman costume. Photos of the costume I made for my son are included to help you follow along with the process.
Here are 10 printable, full-color Year-of-the-Rat greeting cards for kids. On each card, the phrase "Happy New Year" is written in English, Mandarin, and pinyin (a system for writing out the sounds of Mandarin words).