Top real estate agents sell homes faster and for more money. Now, it’s easy to find them. We analyze millions of real estate transactions to compare real estate agents near you on the metrics that matter: how well they sell homes like yours.
Get free, objective, performance-based recommendations for top real estate agents in your neighborhood. Learn more
Why slog through showings, prep work, and months of nail-biting anticipation? Jump straight to the part where you field multiple offers on your home.
HomeLight Simple SaleTM taps into a network of pre-approved cash buyers who compete to buy your home. The service is free, there’s no obligation to accept the offer, and it only takes 2 minutes.
Simple as that.Get your estimatesLearn more
Whenever you’re ready, real estate veterans from all walks of life are on the line to answer your questions, walk you through your options, and help you make more informed decisions about your home.Call (888) 998-1909
Backed by America’s top real estate agents, rigorous research, and data analysis. All designed to help you find the smartest way to sell your home - visit our Seller Resource Center
Squeeze the most money out of your home with the most ROI positive advice from some of the best professionals in real estate.
Make an impression both online and off with top tips from real estate’s best. From your listing’s photos and room-to-room staging to the open home, we’ve got you covered.
There’s lots of red tape to cut through when you’re selling a home. Take a guided tour through the legalese, tax implications, and piles of paperwork you’ll come across.
I live in Florida so selling a home in Valley Village, CA needed to be handled by a reliable, trustworthy, competent team with excellent communication and coordination skills and experience working with a 1031 exchange facilitator. HomeLight met those requirements and worked well with the realtor's team and the sale was handled quickly, drama-free and flawlessly. I would recommend the HomeLight team for anyone who desires a stress free transactionSee review on Google
I highly recommend HomeLight when looking for a realtor. After living in our home for 38 years, I had no idea which realtor to choose to help us with selling our home. HomeLight offered me the names of 3 top realtors in my area. My wife and I decided to go with one of these individuals. It was a smart decision. Our HomeLight realtor was extremely knowledgeable and gave us some good tips as to the things we needed to do before putting our house on the market. Once we completed the improvements to our house as suggested, our realtor was able to get the house on the market right away. Within 2 days, we received a full price offer on our home. And, I just received my commission rebate from HomeLight in the mail yesterday. Thanks HomeLight for making the process of selling our home so much easier!See review on Google
As first-time home sellers, we were overwhelmed with advice and recommendations from friends, ads in the mail, unreliable, confusing, contradictory results from online search engines. The well-known real estate sites seemed to complicate the process even more. Turning to HomeLight was just what we needed. Our HomeLight representative was a great help at the start our process. No other site or resource offered that type of attention and service. The search for agents provided two names who knew our neighborhood and our town, and the top choice had just sold a home on our street a few days before. The reviews were clear and objective; the information, reliable; and the results, well presented. We contacted the two agents. Both responded quickly, and both scheduled meetings in two days. We ultimately hired the top choice. And we had a bid on our house in twenty-one days, and the buyers’ appraiser settled on the exact agreed selling price—just as our agent predicted. I highly recommend HomeLight. In just minutes, it helped us find the type of agent we wanted and needed.See review on Google
HomeLight made finding the perfect real estate agent a breeze. By providing me with a listing of proven professionals, I was able to "shop around" to find not only a good real estate agent, but the best realtor for my area and for the sale of my house. Through that realtor I was also able to secure a team of additional professionals to assist me with the sale of my home in New York. By essentially prescreening real estate professionals for me, HomeLight took away any issues that may have arisen via "guesswork" in trying to find the perfect real estate agent, which was incredibly important as I was out of state after listing and required a tried and true expert to help me with the process remotely. If I do end up moving again, I will 100% use HomeLight.See review on Google