The Easy Way to Manage Your League
MANAGE REGISTRATION, TEAMS, SCHEDULES AND MORE
Online Registration Tools
No processing or per-registrant fees! Create as many forms as you need. Add registrants to rosters automatically or choose who is added. Use downloadable spreadsheets to stay organized.
Instant Schedule Alerts
Send schedule alerts to players, coaches, staff, and custom mailing lists. Choose when to send or set to send automatically. Let everyone know quickly when there's an important last minute change!
League Management Tools
Everything at your fingertips; schedules, scores, rosters, text alerts and more. Set up your league in minutes with the Schedule Wizard - you can even create team sites automatically when you import.
Team Website Prices
One low price for the entire year.
School & League Prices
Great prices for schools, leagues, or any size athletic program. Get a bulk discount off single team prices.
30 Day Free Trial
No obligation to buy anything! Spam free. Ad Free. Your privacy always comes first.
Customer Service
Our friendly support team is happy to answer any questions you have about your website.
Managing People
Keep track of all your players, coaches, and referees/umpires.
Free Schedule Wizard
Our free Scheduling tool can be used to quickly create a schedule for your league.
Communication Tools
Game postponed? You can Email and Text your Players and Coaches with schedule updates.
Player Stats
Comprehensive Stats program available for Baseball, Softball, Football, Basketball, Soccer, Hockey and Lacrosse.
Player Attendance
Need to know who's going to show up ahead of time? Your players and teams can mark their attendance for practices and games.
real websites. real users.
Burroughs High School
football
For awesome examples of innovative ways to use the Registration feature, look no further than Burroughs High School! This football program has created forms that allow visitors to purchase Programs for their 2019 season, Advertisements for the Program, and Season Passes. Check out their website to see how they stay organized, raise money, and allow visitors to volunteer their time in support of their program today!.
SITE OF THE WEEK
What our customers are saying about HTO
Jeff L.
Webmaster/Director of Communications
The options to change at any time the look and feel without losing content and functionality. It houses historic custom links and pages.
Erika T.
Director of Operations
We've had numerous people come and tell us how much information they've learned about our program through all the different types of pages that we are able to use/create. We are able to give our players the exposure they deserve to move in their game.
Carson M.
Management
HTO are always very professional and quick in responses, and you can really tell that the HTO staff always want to solve whatever issues they have. If they haven't been able to resolve an issue, which is very rarely, a thorough explanation has always followed. If you want a quick and easy way to run your league or team, HTO is the best choice.
Anders E.
Webmaster
Thanks to HTO, we had the most complete roster record imports we've ever had, and over the period of two months processed over 2400 registrations! I keep telling you and I will never stop reminding you how you make our administration here in Connecticut sooooooo easy. You have NO IDEA how helpful your system is and how good it makes me look.
Ed S.
Webmaster/Parachutist/Marshal
HTO has such great, great customer support, so fast and accurate. That is a rare gem in a world where good customer service is becoming increasingly rare.
Caroline D.
Webmaster
I'm really loving the easy to use features and the overall functionality of the site. I'm glad I chose HTO as a web host.
Holland W.
Founder/President NLFA
You guys are the bomb dot com LOL! You're making some great changes to the way you Host & that's why I won't let anyone talk me out of leaving you guys.
Tammie R.
Team Administrator
I'd like to thank all of you in the support office for your friendly, professional, and timely assistance. HTO is so great to work with. If you ever need a quote of support, feel free to reach out and I'll be happy to sing your praises!!
Jim R.
Webmaster
Mobile Optimized
Your HTO website is mobile ready for browsing and search engines. With a responsive website that can be displayed on any size screen, you can run your organization from anywhere and on any device. Connect with more people in more places.1-Click Styles
VERY easy to maintain the website, using the grid system is simple and easy to customize. Customer service is top notch, when you need assistance they are there to help.