Epson's UB line of home theater projectors have traditionally bridged the gap between budget and high-end. The Home Cinema 5050UB, priced at $2,999, continues this trend, offering performance and features normally reserved for projectors costing thousands of dollars more.... Continue Reading
The Dan D'Agostino Master Audio Systems Progression Stereo Amplifier ($22,000) is a true powerhouse built on a full-sized chassis measuring 18 inches wide by 20 inches deep and 7.5 inches high, and weighs in at a stout 125 pounds. The... Continue Reading
There are few products in AV lore more iconic than the Technics SL-1200 turntable, which was in constant production from 1972 to 2010. The direct drive SL-1200 was a mainstay for DJs the world over through the 1980s and 90s,... Continue Reading
The Dolby Atmos Height Virtualization technology employed on the new Marantz SR6014 might not merely be a good stop-gap for those who want Atmos but can't install ceiling speakers, says Dennis; it might also turn some Atmos haters into fans of object-based surround. Continue Reading
When Blu-ray came around, the commentariat clung to their DVDs. When streaming finally got good, the die-hards rejected it even harder. Why is it that some enthusiasts cling so hard to the past? Continue Reading
Shopping for a new AV receiver? A little overwhelmed by the possibilities? You've come to the right place. Continue Reading
Amazon has added 96/24 streams to its music service for a more palatable up-charge than other high-res streaming services. But why isn't this being included with Amazon Prime, the way the company's UHD video offerings are? Continue Reading
Jerry explains how Best Buy let him down when all he needed was an entry-level TV, like, today. Continue Reading
In stark contrast with past year's shows, this year's CEDIA Expo seemed to be aimed at either the ultra-wealthy or the dirt-poor, with those of us in the middle mostly squeezed out of the mix. Continue Reading
Way back in the early days of high-resolution digital music, David DelGrosso figured out a way to deescalate the impending format war before it even began. But no one listened. Continue Reading
Welcome to HomeTheaterReview.com's dealer list. You likely will not find a more comprehensive list of the absolute best AV dealers, audiophile salons, custom installers or home integrators on the Internet. These dealers have been handpicked by our editorial staff for their robust product lines, excellent customer service, longstanding reputation in the business and more. Only the best dealers have beed selected. We also know that you know where the local Best Buy, Cost-co and Wal-Mart are. These are dealers that offer more added value to the customer. Better installations. Better advice. Better product lines. Better everything.Become a featured home theater or audiophile dealer
Home theater and audiophile system can be complex and loaded with technical terms that can easily confuse even the savvy enthusiast or consumer. We've compiled a list of many of the most important terms in all of AV for you to read.