I want to insulate the loft rafters in a remote stone cottage so the loft water tanks & piping don't freeze in winter. There is no way of keeping mice out - they can get into walls (2 ft stone) below ground level and come up inside them. I know mice just love read more...In article: Rockwool, Kingspan, Celotex - which is most mouse-proof?
Was looking through the Lee Valley catalog for a system to drill holes for cabinet shelves. The Veritas 32 system looks pretty slick - and spendy. Any other alternatives I should be considering? Seems like the ultimate shelve hole jig. MN Guy read more...In article: Veritas 32 Cabinetmaking System
We just had a new Carrier Infinity 80% furnace installed. It has a two stage heater and continuous fan. Our installer recommended against the special Carrier thermostat because he says it's not worth it, and we were glad after seeing the $250 price tag. read more...In article: Carrier Infinity furnace low heat option?
Hello, I hope you can help me solve this mystery. Over the last two weeks, black dots have appeared on many surfaces in my apartment: in the sink, counters, on some walls, and heavily on the kitchen and bathroom floors, which are linoleum and tile respectively. read more...In article: little black dots
Hi there, Its Autumn here in Melbourne, Australia. I have a row of conifer pine trees - medium size - dark green leaves. They are about 6 metres tall and are due for a good prune back. I believe they are called Castlewellan Gold. They don't have seeds, drop many leaves but they do grow. read more...In article: Is Conifer Pine Mulch Toxic or otherwise bad for the garden?
HomeOwnersHub.com website is a platform for posting your home improvement and repair questions and getting a free answer from industry professionals and fellow homeowners. We also provide free, on-the-go reading and posting access to 13 Usenet discussion groups, completely anonymously and without requiring registration.
posted on 10-23-2019I've got a couple of awkward bleed screws. All the screws are direct into the back of the radiator so not easy to get at and I've fractured a couple of cheapo keys. As a last resort I'd like to g... read more »
posted on 10-24-2019Most civil wars do start with a coup de e'tat. We are looking like that is happening as we speak so it wouldn't surprise me. read more »
posted on 10-20-2019Hello, I'd like to know if anybody has recent experience of the 3M 6000 series masks which seem to require several parts to make them usable. I'm after a good dust prevention mask to work in a fil... read more »
posted on 09-18-2019screw broke off. dont want to remove wall. pics: https://imgur.com/a/L2mwPV0 https://imgur.com/a/epuxdPm https://imgur.com/a/zLYoRNQ https://imgur.com/a/TUETwqO https read more »
posted on 10-24-2019I manage several Free Yahoo groups. Yahoo is discontinuing support. I am lo oking for a way to replace the yahoo groups. I would like to learn how this group was set up, managed, etc. Realize this... read more »
posted on 09-12-2019Do it yourself I'm installing paver stone patio and got ahead of myself when putting in limestone sub base. I didn't compact in lifts and have between 9 to 10 inches spread out . will i still be okay... read more »
posted on 07-03-2019I have removed support walls before, but this one has a different sort of roof structure. The roof spans the house about 40'. The support wall is dead in the middle and in line with the roof ridge ... read more »
posted on 04-26-2019Looking for two gears for Model # 351233831. 30t and 31t read more »
posted on 10-17-2019I have an oil tank in my basement that the delivery driver indicates that the whistle is bad. It's a newer tank and I've had the tank checked by my HVAC people who indicate it's working fine. When ... read more »
posted on 07-28-2019(Use bleach and any detergent to clean). lmao ive read all of these answers and it made me giggle even though it shouldn't have. the reason most of these spots have popped up in the bathroom walls..... read more »
posted on 10-23-2019Yo big man, you about still read more »
posted on 10-21-2019felt good to be outside with some sunshine and it warm enough to raise a sweat when digging and mixing some wood ashes in a garden so i can get some garlic planted in there this week. after t... read more »
posted on 09-05-2019I can start lawn mower and begin to cut the grass with a grass catcher. When full the mower is shut off while I empty catcher. When I try to start mower again it won't start .It has to cool down befo... read more »
HomeOwnersHub.com is a website for homeowners and building and maintenance pros. It is not affiliated with any of the manufacturers or service providers discussed here. All logos and trade names are the property of their respective owners.