Visiting Venice, Italy
This summer, I had the opportunity to travel to Italy with Aperol to celebrate 100 years of one of my favorite summer aperitifs in its birthplace of Padova, Italy – just about an hour from…
This summer, I had the opportunity to travel to Italy with Aperol to celebrate 100 years of one of my favorite summer aperitifs in its birthplace of Padova, Italy – just about an hour from…
We were immediately inspired the moment we saw bare nails with blood-like, drippy polish accompany Prabal Gurung‘s spring collection at New York Fashion Week. Halloween is one of our favorite holidays and thus, the timing couldn’t have been better to recreate this deliciously daring DIY for our phalanges.
Ice dyeing. I’m officially obsessed. This unique method of tie dying has been on my to-do list for years – I’m actually surprised it’s taken me this long to finally have experimented with it! Zappos, who recently just launched a denim shop this fall, was actually the catalyst for this long overdue DIY. Did you know that ice dyeing was first conceived by quilters who were looking for a resourceful way to dye fabric during winter months?
I recently spotted an XXXXXXL bag in my social media feed and...
I'm just tickled by Sydney based artist Chloe Joyce's illustrations. Women chilling...
Snakeskin boots are nothing new but man, I’m loving them more than ever right now. I think it might be because the textured fall boot trend is taller, bolder and more colorful than previous seasons.…
What was once a 19th century weekend home to a family of Menorcan merchants is now Es Bec d’Anguila, a stunning vacation home run by its new owners and rehabilitators Benedicta and Anne-Cécile Comar. Es…
Reformation has made its debut in the world of sneakers. Dad sneakers,...
Ice dyeing. I'm officially obsessed. This unique method of tie dying has...
This summer, I had the opportunity to travel to Italy with Aperol to celebrate 100 years of one of my favorite summer aperitifs in its birthplace of Padova, Italy – just about an hour from Venice. And if you have never been to this oh-so-unique city, it is in one word: magical. Did you know that Venice is built on more than 100 small islands in a lagoon in the Adriatic Sea?
Bow down. The Queen of Hyperrealism has done it again. You might remember Cj Hendry’s Complimentary Colors, a series of drawings of paint swatches using colored pencils. Yes, colored pencils – the same medium used to draw hyperrealistic depictions of blobs of colorful oil paint for her latest series: Rorschach.
My daughter Coco is almost 1 and a half and the transition to her own room is long overdue. Our house has three bedrooms, one of which we’d like to save for our guests – especially the grandparents, who travel to visit us frequently.
Sea continues to be one of my all time favorite labels – clothes I wear season after season. I love the way New York-based designers Sean Monahan and Monica Paolini intersect polished, uptown femininity with…
I’m currently obsessing over Teressa Foglia’s unique straw and felt hats. Teresa, who just recently opened a second studio location in LA, launched her eponymous brand in 2017 after discovering a millinery course in the…
I’m revisiting the work of Joanne Ho once again because it seems like every fall, I find myself turning to her paintings for nostalgic comfort. Am I missing summer already?! Absolutely. Joanne’s depictions of tiny,…
Editor-turned-stylist-turned-designer Marina Afonina has perfected restrained luxury with her collection of locally...
What I love most about fall is the return to classic and beautiful clothing. I love how everything feels more streamlined this time of year – less trendy, if you will. A woven sweater, a…
Remember the tassel wall hanging tutorial I posted earlier this year? Many of you made it. And oh so beautifully, might I add! Many of you agreed it was very time consuming and tedious .…
Artist Reyna Noriega's illustrated portraits of women are absolutely stunning and empowering....
There are no ifs, ands or buts around it. Fall is here....