HOODA MATH
Math Games (updated 2019-10-22)
Do You Still Prefer Adobe Flash Games?
Yes, then we have put All Flash Escape Games
and All Flash Grow Games
on their own pages for you. Click the respective links in the last sentence and enjoy the original version of your favorite math games.
Math Games News
We have made some drastic changes to our site. We have not fully said goodbye to our adobe flash games, but we definitely will no longer be featuring them. As we want Hooda Math games to be played on any device and work and feel the same. We also are making our site more secure and plan to move to https for every page. New games are coming as we continue to bring you the best, with fewer ads than any other math games site. We hope this makes is easier to find the math games you are looking to find. If not, Contact Us
.
About Hooda Math
HoodaMath.com, a free online math games site. Founded by a middle school math teacher, Hooda Math offers over 1000 Math Games.
Where is the Math?
Escape Games are challenging and have a variety of puzzles, even including arithmetic problems. Every escape game is a puzzle itself, which makes learning adventurous. Papa's Games are so much fun no-one even notices that every game uses a different style of measurement for cooking timers. We especially like the pie fractions in Papa's Wingeria, notice how the food is evenly arranged on a plate for each customer. We could go on all day about each of our math games, but if you need more proof of math, read this Wiki article. Areas of Mathematics
About Classroom Pages
The idea of a teacher approved games page has long been requested. All that needs to be done, is a teacher registers for an account. Then when the teacher logs in at class.hoodamath.com they can select which games they want to appear on their page. They are also given a code, that students can use to "log in" to the teacher's page. Register Here
Escape Games
Shop Games
Grow Games
Logic Games
Geometry Games
Physics Games
Word Games
All Games
Cannot find your favorite math game?
← Try our custom search!
For those not ready to let go of Adobe Flash game player. You can find Bloxorz, all the Papa's Games, and many more free online math games here: