Online Shopping Site for Women's Fashion - Indya
Welcome to the House of Indya, a world of fashion where traditions are fused with modern aesthetics and infused with an ultra-modern spirit to cater to the women of today. It is an authentic fashion brand quintessentially dedicated to ethnic Indian wear. We like to call ourselves a pioneer in prêt modern-ethnic wear, trying to make fashion approachable and affordable to all by eliminating the meticulous hopping between shops and pain-staking efforts.
With this platform, we have resolved to provide you gorgeous and trendy readymade fashion, reachable to you in just a matter of a few clicks. A humungous collection of tops, kurtas, wedding wear, ethnic wear, fusion wear, dupattas, tunics, skirts, bottoms, dresses, festive wear and co-ords is sure to serve you a huge range of purposes and occasions. The garments are not only visually appealing, but we ensure a high standard of quality, fabric and detailing to make you look no less than a princess when you wear Indya.
Our talented team of designers is dedicated to maintaining exclusivity and offering you a repertoire that covers every occasion from work to festival celebrations and even weddings. Every collection is fresh and authentic in its own unique way and when you wear our garments, you will be exposed to an elegant, luxurious experience of clothing that is practical and easy on pockets. We would like to point out that Indian beauty is sui generis and our clothes enhance it.
Apart from clothes, we have a beautiful collection of accessories for almost every occasion. You can simply mix and match them with outfits of your liking and you are ready to head the fashion parade.
Why shop from HouseofIndya.com?
When it comes to fashion, Indian women are spoilt with choices starting from International houte couture to bustling flea markets and everything in between. Why would you choose HouseofIndya.com over everything else? What difference does it really make in your daily wardrobe?
Everyday there is a new fashion brand coming up in the market. Buyers are more aware, fast in embracing the newness and faster in disgracing a brand that ceases to serve their purpose. What makes Indya indispensable and irreplaceable is its timelessness. We have very high standards set for fashion and we do not shy of in justifiably claiming that our collections are more refined, holistic and evolving every day.
We are the latest, the freshest and the best!!
How can you shop for women fashion clothing online from HouseofIndya.com?
HouseofIndya.com is a hotspot for online shopping for women's clothing. Here we have a range of stylish, trendy and gorgeous clothing styles that includes tops, skirts, bottoms, pants, tunics, dresses etc from size small to XL to cater to women of all shapes and sizes. There is a good variety of fits, lengths, sleeves and neck designs of kurtas that Indya offers to its trend breakers.
If you want to place an order from Indya, simply log into the website, browse through the humongous range of collection and select the pieces of your liking. You can then choose an ideal piece for self and add it to your bag. Go on selecting a payment mode, enter your address and boom! Your order will arrive at your doorstep in no time.
Apart from the fabulous design of clothes, we make sure that every order you place becomes a stress-free, happy shopping experience for you from the comfort of your home. To ensure this, we provide you with various options to make payments, easy returns and refunds and a team of friendly customer care that is happy to help at your convenience.
We also have a team of reliable courier partners who do not mind making extra efforts to successfully deliver your order.
How to buy the right women ethnic wear online?
While shopping online has become very easy, courtesy user friendly websites and apps, there are a few key points that you can keep in mind for placing a successful order every time. Selection of the right colour, size and number of pieces may always come handy in giving you a hassle free online shopping experience.
At Indya, we have a full-fledged, user friendly website and a mobile app to assist your shopping. The size charts are true to size, colours closest to the original garment and verified details to rely on. With so much to offer you, we promise to take your online shopping experience to a notch higher.
How to style Indian ethnic wear?
There can be innumerable ways to style an ethnic Indian outfit that can differ from person to person. However, the standard styling measure may include wearing beautiful earrings, a nice bindi, Kolhapuri chappal and of course a hair-do that gets you noticed. Styling an Indian garment can never be standardized as the same outfit can be worn in different style by people of different tastes and states.
Our collection has a twist and a style vibe to it, making it appealing for your Indian women who do not mind experimenting with new outfits that are traditional in look but with modern cuts and silhouettes. The cape tunic, drape dresses and even the maxi skirts in our collection are not only appealing but inspiring too.
Where to wear a stylish Indian clothing option?
Indya has a collection, specially designed to cater to various occasions keeping in mind the change of roles that an Indian woman experiences in a single day. From being a daunting mother to an authoritarian boss, you may have to take up different roles within a day and your outfit has to compliment all of them. At Indya, we offer a wide range of cotton kurtas, tunics and co-ords that are perfect to take you through a working day. While on the other hand, our embellished tunics, skirts, dupattas and gorgeous accessories make you the girl of the night in any celebration.
You can log on to HouseofIndya.com for shopping the best ethnic wear for women online in India. Our collection is wide, authentic, premium quality and versatile enough to have at least one piece for women of all age groups and body types.