Get the facts
If you own a car or want to buy or sell, HPI has you covered with an award winning car history check, free car valuation and super quick and easy MOT history check.
HPI® the UK's Best Vehicle Data:
Car History Checks, Car Valuations and More
Free car valuation
We provide 4 market values depending on who is buying or selling the car.
- Retail
- Private Sale
- Trade-in
- Forecourt
Instant HPI Check
Why you need a Vehicle History Check
- A hidden past?
- Rightful owner?
- False identity
- Clocked?
Quick MOT Check
In our free report we provide important MOT information including:
- MOT test date
- Recorded mileage
- Previous MOT status
- Road tax renewal date
Simple TCO Check
Invaluable free tool for researching total car running costs:
- Annual depreciation
- Monthly/yearly car running costs
- Service and maintenance
- Road tax
Best Car Check Provider
2013, 2014, 2016, 2017, 2018 & 2019
Best Valuations Provider
2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017 & 2018
Over the years, our car checks have given millions of car buyers the confidence to:
- Buy and sell vehicles armed with vital information
- Set realistic prices and negotiate with the facts
- Understand the full history of any car registered in the UK
Where we get our vehicle information
We obtain our information for every car check from only the most reputable and reliable of data sources; including but not limited to:
-
Police Records (PNC)
-
DVLA
-
Finance Companies
-
MIAFTR
-
SMMT
-
DVSA
-
Manufacturers
-
Leasing companies
-
Rental companies
-
Wholesalers
-
Auctions
-
Traders
-
Dealerships
-
Remarketing companies
In-house expertise
In addition to the above list of external sources, we can also boast a highly skilled and knowledgeable team of in-house industry experts who work together to deliver our accurate vehicle checker service. Between our valuations editors and our dedicated customer care agents, we share more than 900 years' industry experience.
Using cutting edge technology and data cleansing processes, along with industry intelligence and hands-on, manual review processes, we’ve been able to update and improve more than 97% of vehicles currently on the road today.
Great Service
“The actual check was great as always, more data points than anyone else, clearly the best option and they have the best guarantee of all the providers I looked at. Also, their service was great on the phone. They called me back when they said they would, they did what they said they would, they just generally exceeded my expectations of a call centre operation. Good work guys.”
~ Rad
As seen in
HPI Trade Customers