Process for Income Tax e-Filing by Experts
STEP 1 REGISTER
Register, upload Form16
and other info
STEP 2 RELAX
Our dedicated expert
prepares your taxes
STEP 3 E-FILE
Our expert e-Files upon
your approval
Tax Notices & Consultation
Assistance on phone and email from an in-house team of experienced Tax Lawyers and CAs
Guarantee of fair resolution of your tax notice and security and confidentiality of your data
Minimum hassle as the entire response to the notice is given by us
Fee based on complexity of the case.
Rating of 8.9 from 0 – 10
“The accuracy in tax calculation, proactive assistance and maximum savings made my tax filing experience seamless and hassle free with H&R Block.”
Manoj Kulkarni | Applied Micro Inc. (Director of Engr.)
“H&R Block’s tax advisors not only proactively help you with your complex tax filing but also professionally provide year-round support and assistance.”
Sabu Thaliyath | Quick Heal Tech. Ltd. (Test Mngr.)
Business Tax Services
Compliance and
Reconciliation Service
Make your business GST compliant with our GST compliance and reconciliation services
GST Audit
and Health Check
Get an expert to do a detailed review of your GST compliance processes
Business Tax Software
e-Way Bill Generation
and management
Smart and powerful tool for e-Way bill generation and management
Reconciliation
Software
Identify ITC reconciliation mismatches using this powerful software, and resolve them in a timely manner
3B-2A
comparison tool
Compare your return with your supplier’s return to claim the right amount of ITC
Investment Proof
Verification Software
An intuitive tool to collect, verify and manage the investment proofs of your employees
H&R Block India – Largest Tax Service Provider for Individuals and Businesses
Happy clients are our brand ambassadors
and our strength
Highly trained in-house tax expertsare the key to our No.1 position
Our partnerships are a sign of our superior
customer service we offer
Accuracy, best tax advice and hassle free
experience constitute our ratings
A registered e-Return intermediary
with the government
Empowering taxpayers and the way
people file taxes in India
H&R Block Benefits
vault
Your documents are protected by highest 128 bit SSL bank grade security with 24/7 year round access
savings
Updated with latest tax norms, our experts work hard to utilise every deduction to maximise your savings
filing
Our experts are assigned to you depending on your tax complexity for a smooth filing experience
transparent
Our experts carefully comb through all your documents to ensure no detail is missed out while filing
Income Tax Guides by H&R Block
Articles to help you understand the
complex income tax topics easily.
Find topics covering every aspect
of a taxpayer’s life cycle.
Read Our Latest Blogs
Top 39 Changes Proposed in the Tax Laws ...
Read this blog to find out the most significant changes proposed in the tax laws by the governm...
10 Tax Saving Tips for Startups and Busi...
Almost every millennial these days wants to come up with their own business, one where they can...
On Demand Webinar
on Recent Changes to
Form 24Q (TDS Return) and Form 16
By a Team from TDS CPC (Govt. of India) and Industry Leaders From Various Leading Corporates.