®World Selection is a registered trade-mark of HSBC Group Management Services Limited.
TM HSBC +Rewards is a trademark of HSBC Group Management Services Limited. Used pursuant to license
* HSBC InvestDirect is a division of HSBC Securities (Canada) Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of, but separate entity from, HSBC Bank Canada. HSBC Securities (Canada) Inc. is a Member of the Canadian Investor Protection Fund. HSBC InvestDirect does not provide investment advice or recommendations regarding any investment decisions or securities transactions.
*1Terms and conditions apply
** Limited time offer. Terms and conditions apply.
*** The annual percentage rate (APR) is based on a $200,000 mortgage for the applicable term assuming a property valuation fee of $300. APR means the cost of borrowing for a loan expressed as an interest rate. It includes all interest and some non-interest charges associated with the mortgage. If there are no non-interest charges, the annual interest rate and APR will be the same. Applications are subject to credit review and approval. This rate is only available for Residential (Conventional) and Equity Power Mortgages, a higher interest rate may apply in circumstances, but not limited to the following: the property is not owner-occupied, the amortization is greater than 25 years, and the debt service ratios exceed HSBC’s standard lending guidelines.
†† Total maximum combined bonuses available of $1,450 if you invest in World Selection® Portfolio or maximum combined bonuses of $1,350 if you invest in HSBC Mutual Funds (which includes mutual funds purchased online through HSBC Wealth Compass™) and meet all eligibility requirements for the Long Term Investing Bonus Offer and Regular Investing Bonus Offer. Please read the Terms and ConditionsTerms and Conditions This link will open in a new window for details. Offer ends November 1, 2019.
1 If you are a resident of Canada other than the province of Quebec, you can receive a sign up bonus of 5,000 Points if you keep your new Account open for 90 days from opening. This offer applies to approved HSBC +Rewards Mastercard accounts for which an application is received between August 26 and December 16 and is not available for other types of HSBC credit cards. The Points under this offer are in addition to the Points earned on the eligible purchases at the earn rate listed in the HSBC Plus Rewards Rewards Program Terms and Conditions. The additional Points will be awarded on the day which is 90 days after the account opening, will be credited in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the HSBC Plus Rewards Program and will appear in your HSBC Rewards Account within two statement periods of the day they are awarded. Your account must be open and in good standing on the day the additional Points are credited. This offer may be changed, withdrawn or extended at any time and cannot be combined with any other offer, except the offers described here and offers that state that they can be combined with other HSBC credit card offers. The HSBC Plus Rewards Rewards Program Terms and Conditions apply.
4Offer expires October 31, 2019. Interest Rate is per annum. Interest is calculated daily and is paid at maturity. Minimum deposit amounts apply. Terms and Conditions apply.
5 The welcome bonus offer, the additional points offer and the fee rebate offer (not available in Quebec) for HSBC World Elite Mastercard are available to successful applicants who have not, in the 12 months prior to submitting the application, held an HSBC World Elite Mastercard, HSBC Premier World Elite Mastercard or HSBC Jade World Elite Mastercard. Only one new or upgraded account per customer is eligible for these offers. The account opening is subject to our standard credit review and approval, meeting our standard account opening requirements, meeting the following income/asset eligibility requirement: (1) a minimum of $80,000 in annual personal income (before taxes) or $150,000 in annual household income (before taxes) or (2) a minimum of $400,000 in assets under management (based on liquid, investable assets with financial institutions in Canada) and additional conditions listed for the specific offers below.
6 For the first 90 days or until you reach the maximum additional points, earn 18 Points on every $1 of eligible travel purchases (and 9 Points for every $1 in other eligible purchases). Points earned on eligible travel purchases during the first 90 days until the maximum number of additional points is reached can be redeemed for rewards valued at up to 9% of the amount spent to earn them (and Points earned on all other eligible purchases can be redeemed for rewards valued at up to 4.5% of the amount spent to earn them). This offer is only available to residents of Canada other than the province of Quebec. This offer applies to approved new and upgraded HSBC World Elite Mastercard accounts for which an application is received between August 26th and December 16th 2019. You will earn Points at three times (3X) the regular earn rate on eligible purchases you make after the account opening or upgrade until you reach the earlier of (i) 90 days after the account opening or upgrade or (ii) the maximum number of Points under this offer. The maximum number of Points under the three times (3X) earn rate offer is 40,000 Points in addition to the Points that you would have earned on the eligible purchases at the earn rate listed in the HSBC World Elite Rewards Program Terms and Conditions. The three times (3X) earn rate is inclusive of and not in addition to the earn rate that is listed under the HSBC World Elite Rewards Program Terms and Conditions. After the three times (3X) earn rate no longer applies, the earn rate listed in the HSBC World Elite Rewards Program Terms and Conditions will apply to eligible purchases. The additional Points will be awarded on the day which is 90 days after the account opening or upgrade, will be credited in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the HSBC World Elite Rewards Program and will appear in your HSBC Rewards Account within two statement periods of the day they are awarded. Your account must be open and in good standing on the day the additional Points are credited. This offer may be changed, withdrawn or extended at any time and cannot be combined with any other offer, except the offers described here and offers that state that they can be combined with other HSBC credit card offers. The HSBC World Elite Rewards Program Terms and Conditions apply.
7 This offer is only available to residents of Canada other than the province of Quebec. This offer applies to approved new and upgraded HSBC World Elite Mastercard accounts for which an application is received between August 26th and December 16th 2019. We will issue a one-time rebate equal to the annual fee charged to your HSBC World Elite Mastercard account for the Primary Cardholder in the first year. No credit will be issued for any supplementary card fees on your account. This rebate will appear as a credit against the annual fee within two statement periods of account opening or upgrade. Your HSBC World Elite Mastercard account must be open and in good standing at the time the rebate is applied. This offer is not transferable and cannot be combined with any other offer, except the offers described here and offers that state that they can be combined with other HSBC credit card offers. This offer is only valid for the first year.
8 Eligible travel purchases mean eligible purchases made from merchants that are classified in the Mastercard network as airlines, car rental agencies, hotels, cruise lines, passenger railways, tour operators, timeshares and travel agencies. Some merchants may sell travel services but are classified in another manner, therefore, purchases from such merchants are not considered to be eligible travel purchases.
9 When you transfer a personal mortgage loan ("Mortgage") to HSBC Bank Canada ("HSBC"). HSBC Mortgage Switch Rate Offer Terms and ConditionsHSBC Mortgage Switch Rate Offer Terms and Conditions This link will open in a new window.