Canvas is a Powerful, Responsive & Raw Multi-Purpose Multi-Page & One-Page HTML5 Template. Build whatever you like with this Template. We have included 100+ ready-to-use Homepages & 800+ HTML Files with the Package, it is this huge. Amazing flexibility, Dark Scheme, Super Shortcodes, Raw Bootstrap & Scalable Responsive Features makes Canvas standout from the crowd.
Latest Free Html5 Templates
Premium Html5 Templates
Quadra - Creative Multi-Purpose Html5 Template
Quadra is a multi-purpose, powerful, beautiful and high-performance website template. The theme comes with 70+ one & multi-page demos and variants, along with 700+ page templates. Featuring stunning plugins, ideas and designs for a modern website. Quadra also offers unlimited editability. You will easily find a stunning design that suits your needs.
Finza - One Page Parallax Html5 Template
Finza – One Page HTML5 and Responsive Template suitable for any business or creative startups. Multiple home layouts and Navigation styles are included in this template with lots of CSS and JQuery animations, a perfect template for Business Startups, web studio and creative agencies. The different colorful styles will help anyone to customize according to their branding colors.
Mushi | Multipurpose HTML5 Template
Mushi supports 8 homepage + Woocomerce layouts in order to match with any user’s purposes. This is one of the best templates that you don’t miss out. The Mushi comes with 08 modern home pages specially designed for business, creative agency, portfolio. Mushi is Responsive & Retina ready also so Mushi can be fit in any device. Everything is clear and easy to customize.
Pofo - Multi-purpose Html5 Template
Pofo is a graphically polished, interactive, easily customizable, fast loading, SEO, vibrant and fully responsive HTML5 CSS3 template for corporate, agencies, individuals as well as any type of businesses to showcase their company history, services, projects, team, blog in most creative and professional looking manner using more than 25 ready home page demos including one page website, 210+ pages and 150+ stylish and nice looking ready elements.
BeTheme - Responsive Html5 Template
With more than 300 pre-made, ready to use layouts, this is the perfect HTML solution for a huge variety of markets and business types. Simply choose the theme and grid layout that suits your needs, customize effects, headers, sliders and sidebars, choose from tons of useful elements (columns, blockquotes, buttons, and many more!), and use as many of our pre-configured pages as you like.