Hub Planner is a Resource Management Platform
Delivering Resource Scheduling, Time Sheets and Project Planning, Hub Planner is trusted by teams around the globe to handle their resource management. Hub Planner brings together transparent Resource Scheduling, Timesheets, Vacation Management, Resource Requesting, Project Management and Reports all under the one service in a beautifully designed, easy to use and intuitive software that makes planning simple.
An Innovative Resource Management Solution
Get the ultimate birds eye view of your resource management and team with Hub Planner. Quickly view resources availability, utilization and schedule your team on projects using Hub Planners interactive drag and drop scheduler.
“We wasted so much time trying to do our resource planning in Spreadsheets. Hub Planner has now created so much transparency and clarity in our resource and project schedule.” … Fika Town
Integrated Time Tracking & Approval
Get your team involved with Timesheets. Measuring the actual time reported via timesheets versus the forecasted time via the resource scheduler gives you valuable insight into your teams performance.
“Being able to have the team track time under the same tool as we schedule them is an invaluable part of out workflow.” … Shiftr
Team Analytics & Generate Dynamic Reports
Download and view realtime analytics for all your projects & resources. Use the dashboard to track down to the individual resource or project performance making resource management a painless task.
“Hub Planner has a sophisticated report system that allows you to generate and export all different data combinations giving you maximum flexibility for your reporting needs”
Plan Project Budgets, Calculate Project Spend and plan Phases and Milestones
Within the Hub Planner scheduler, you can plan your project budgets, use dynamic billing rates and calculate project spend..
“Seeing real time budget reflected in the user interface as I schedule my team allows me to understand always where I am in my budget without needing to consult a report.” …
Vacation, Annual Leave and PTO Request & Approval Flow
Allow your team to transparently schedule and request time off directly from the scheduler or request forms with the Vacation & Annual Leave requesting functionality.
“Vacation, just like a project needs to be scheduled. The Hub Planner workflow makes it super simple for team members to stay on track of their vacation days allowance and easily request time off from work.”