Need extra functionality? You’ve got the will. We’ve got the way. Our Intelligent Shopify Apps are designed to help with marketing, conversions, sales, and more.Meet Our Apps
From Marketing apps that help you SELL more to Shopify functionality extending apps that help you DO more, we pride ourselves in building apps that we know will help you GROW.
$9.99|
(33,848 Installs)
Increase Average Order Value, reward your customers, and give your wholesalers more flexibility on pricing. With one click apply bulk discounts and quantity breaks to individual products, collections, brands, product types or your entire store!
Quickly create and set-up dynamic discount and pricing rules for your products
Boost order value and sales for your store by incentivizing visitors to add more items to their cart.
Make customers buy faster with urgency message. Boost your sales significantly & automatically.
Start making more money right away with quantity breaks & volume discount offers based on how many products a customer buys on your store.
Discount products by a fixed price, a certain percentage, or a dollar amount.
I was very impressed with customer service, since it is a free app. I would definitely recommend anyone to try this app. It does the job very well,the support is awesome, and the most important it is FREE :D
App is simple, works as it should, and the customer support team is A+. Would highly recommend this app
Great free product, does exactly what I need it to do. The Hulk Code team even customized the display format on my site within 24 hours and for free, looks great.
This app does exactly what it says and works seamlessly on my website. Their support staff quickly helped me when I was setting the app up. Definitely recommend this app if you want to increase your sales!
Works great for volume discount. Had some theme integration issues and support fixed it for me promptly! Excited to keep using it.
$10.00|
(27,693 Installs)
Ranked the best free Form Builder for Shopify: Easily add Contact Forms, Survey Forms, Wholesale Forms to your Shopify site in a few minutes. Fully custom design and no coding needed.
Perfect tool for creating contact forms with ease. Simple, easy to use, looks amazing and works well, plus it’s free! Form Builder app is designed to build forms for your store; flexible enough to make anything from a customized form to a detailed one.
Quick & easy to build responsive, beautiful forms and embed on your site.
One-click install. No issues integrating it onto your contact page
Great for Wholesale Shopify stores. Track submissions in one place.
A do-it-all app for creating, managing and implementing any number of forms across your store.
The support I received was Awsome not only did they fix my issues but were very patient with my lack of skills. I recommend in a big way. Very easy to use and worth the investment
I installed Form Builder to create a pop enquiry form on our store. It performs brilliantly. I have used other Hulk product and they all top quality. Support is prompt, polite and helpful. Five stars all round!
Best Shopify Form Builder with Conditions and Hidden Field. I bumped into form builder app when I was looking for custom work for my feast box menu. I wanted some fields to appear only if a condition was true and then I used their Advanced CSS block to get some details about my menu items within a hidden field. Tip for consumers: once you try it, you will be impressed on how many integrations they have!!!!
Great little App. Even the free plan is enough for most shops. we use this App across our two shopify stores. easy to install and you can be up and running in minutes. Recommend.
Absolutely perfect! I've created the perfect contact forms for my contact and affiliate pages. Completely customized and it's free! I'm so in love with this and I don't know what I'd do without it! Thanks.
$7.99|
(23,057 Installs)
Add features and customize your store design with eye-catching and functional elements to make your store stand out. Display unlimited product variations with Product Options Customization w/ Conditional Logic & Pricing
Add unlimited options, create option sets and batch apply them to any (or all!) of your products over and over again.
Assign prices to specific options. Bulk-Apply options to specific products, collections, or the entire store.
Add an unlimited number of product customizations to your products and increase your AOV.
Let customers personalize your products for engraving, gift wrapping, monogramming, custom printing and more
Product options can be linked to products! That means you can bundle in smaller items.
This is a great app but their team is greater, they have exceptional customer support and I'm don't even a paid customer!
Hulkcode have an excellent customer service team. Helped with the installation and setup expeditiously. Useful app and very easy to use. Highly recommend this to all Shopify businesses.
This app provided an important feature that was missing from the default Shopify service. The guys at HulkCode set it up exactly as they said they would and the app worked as advertised!
I canceled a paying app to try this one and I love it! I needed assistance getting it up and running on my website www.madeforyoubyhannahq.com and they were able to get it going quickly! Great job guys, thank you!
It was a little tricky to set up, but their customer service was very helpful and got it all working smoothly. We needed fairly complicated options, and it could do it all!
Our Shopify Themes are built to impress and help you sell more. With a focus on conversion rate optimization and intuitive user experience, our Themes are made for Shopify.