"Redefines Unity" - "Astounding" - "Absolutely the best Plugin ever for Unity so far!" - "Extremely easy to use." - "Amazing" - "Stellar product, documentation, support, and community." - "Very cool" - "Great product for programmers and designers alike!" - "It enables fast prototyping and it's fun to use." - "GET IT" - "I have easily tripled my productivity with PlayMaker." - "This product is simply amazing. You literally can create fully functioning programs with no, or very little, coding." - "Fantastic" - "You will probably never make a project without it again."
Other visual scripting tools simply expose the Unity API (written for programmers) and C# language (programming) as thousands of nodes. If you already know how to code you can probably build what you need, but it's a huge learning curve for non-programmers!
PlayMaker takes a higher level approach, offering an intuitive structure with States, Actions and Events to quickly build behaviors. This actually empowers non-programmers to create without having to become programmers themselves.
PlayMaker has been used in dozens of shipped products including Hearthstone, INSIDE, Hollow Knight, The First Tree, Dreamfall Chapters, Firewatch and more. We've worked with AAA studios to solo indie developers to make sure PlayMaker meets their needs on every platform.
For example, INSIDE plays as a continuous experience with no loading screens, so new content has to load and run seamlessly. We worked with Playdead to ensure that PlayMaker met their performance requirements, and then passed those improvements on to every PlayMaker user.
Other visual scripting solutions use delegates or reflection calls for every single node in the graph. Even simple behaviors need many nodes. This quickly adds up to a heavy hit on performance!
PlayMaker actions are C# scripts like any other script in your project. Calling them is quick and efficient. You also need fewer actions to do the same work as dozens of nodes in other visual scripting tools.
PlayMaker has an active user community with admins and power users online to answer your questions. The Ecosystem Browser provides easy access to a constantly growing collection of custom actions, tutorials, samples, templates etc.
Many third party assets have PlayMaker support, with easy to use Actions so you don't have to figure out APIs written for programmers.