WHY CHOOSE US?
Earn double your salary
Get a coding job in 3 months
Reach your career outcomes
Learn to code with expert 1-on-1 mentorship. Our 6 month, online coding bootcamps will
take you from absolute beginner to job ready.
Go from newbie to software engineer in no time. Master backend engineering in Python & Java, software development principles, data structures, algorithms and data science.
Learn to use classic machine learning models and popular data science tools like scikit-learn, NumPy, SciPy, Matplotlib and pandas to read, analyse and work with data.
Master frontend and backend web development to build powerful and database-driven web apps using HTML, CSS, Javascript, Node.js, MongoDB, Express, and React.
Before learning coding, Ondela worked in a variety of high-level positions in the Communications industry, and as a Business English and Conversational lecturer.Watch video >
Stanley, who loves creating and designing, is studying Web Development at the Johannesburg campus. Find out why his coding course fits perfectly with his interests.Watch video >
Before HyperionDev, Vusi, Tha's youngest son, was studying at Stellenbosch University doing his Entrepreneurship and Innovative Management degree, but he wasn’t engaged with the course.Watch video >
Talitha has a background in aviation and is doing her online Full-Stack Web Development Bootcamp. See why she finds her coding journey stimulating and exciting.Watch video >
With the help of the coding skills she learns as part of her bootcamp, Lisa hopes to one day biochemically map pathways in cells in drug development.Watch video >
Zita loves the practical nature of her Full Stack Web Development Bootcamp. Before learning coding, she worked as a bartender and now she can't wait to start her career as a developer.Watch video >
Before learning coding, Ondela worked in a variety of high-level positions in the Communications industry, and as a Business English and Conversational lecturer.Watch video >
Stanley, who loves creating and designing, is studying Web Development at the Johannesburg campus. Find out why his coding course fits perfectly with his interests.Watch video >
Before HyperionDev, Vusi, Tha's youngest son, was studying at Stellenbosch University doing his Entrepreneurship and Innovative Management degree, but he wasn’t engaged with the course.Watch video >
Talitha has a background in aviation and is doing her online Full-Stack Web Development Bootcamp. See why she finds her coding journey stimulating and exciting.Watch video >
With the help of the coding skills she learns as part of her bootcamp, Lisa hopes to one day biochemically map pathways in cells in drug development.Watch video >
Zita loves the practical nature of her Full Stack Web Development Bootcamp. Before learning coding, she worked as a bartender and now she can't wait to start her career as a developer.Watch video >
1-on-1 mentors review your code, are there to help when you get stuck and guide you through your bootcamp. Learn to write clean code with support from a pro.
Learn coding best practice from mentors with global tech exposure. Expert on-demand feedback will get you writing efficient, error-free code and keep you from getting stuck.
Technology is changing the way we live, learn and work. We’re passionate about allowing everyone to have equal access to a tech career to help drive this change.
Become a web or software developer at one of our HyperionDev campuses in Cape Town or Johannesburg. Learn to code through this intensive classroom learning experience of 3 months full-time or 6 months part-time courses.Learn more >
We host monthly online info sessions that focus on industry buzz and Q&A sessions on our bootcamps and courses.Join now >
A current analysis of what developers do, why they do it and how they do it. We cover topics from salaries and workplace values to the most in-demand languages of 2018.Get the report >
The Graduate Outcomes Report will provide you with an in-depth look into the salaries, job titles and employment outcomes you can expect after completing a course with HyperionDev.Get the report >
1
Schedule a call with a course consultant.
2
Choose your favourite bootcamp.
3
Start coding!
Schedule a call with one of our friendly course consultants and we’ll get back to you within 24 hours.
Or call us directly on +44 (0)20 719 37595