The 100 – Season 6
Set ninety-seven years after a nuclear war has destroyed civilization, when a spaceship housing humanity’s lone survivors sends one hundred juvenile delinquents back to Earth, in hopes of possibly re-populating…
Euphoria – Season 1
A look at life for a group of high school students as they grapple with issues of drugs, sex, and violence.
Avengers: Endgame
After the devastating events of Avengers: Infinity War (2018), the universe is in ruins. With the help of remaining allies, the Avengers assemble once more in order to undo Thanos…
Godzilla King of the Monsters
The crypto-zoological agency Monarch faces off against a battery of god-sized monsters, including the mighty Godzilla, who collides with Mothra, Rodan, and his ultimate nemesis, the three-headed King Ghidorah.
Spider-Man: Far from Home
Following the events of Avengers: Endgame, Spider-Man must step up to take on new threats in a world that has changed forever.
Yesterday
A struggling musician realizes hes the only person on Earth who can remember The Beatles after waking up in an alternate timeline where they never existed.
Anna (2019)
Beneath Anna Poliatova’s striking beauty lies a secret that will unleash her indelible strength and skill to become one of the world’s most feared government assassins.
Dark Phoenix
Jean Grey begins to develop incredible powers that corrupt and turn her into a Dark Phoenix. Now the X-Men will have to decide if the life of a team member…
Childs Play
A mother gives her 13-year-old son a toy doll for his birthday, unaware of its more sinister nature.
Toy Story 4
When a new toy called “Forky” joins Woody and the gang, a road trip alongside old and new friends reveals how big the world can be for a toy.
Alita: Battle Angel
An action-packed story of one young womans journey to discover the truth of who she is and her fight to change the world.
Dumbo
A young elephant, whose oversized ears enable him to fly, helps save a struggling circus, but when the circus plans a new venture, Dumbo and his friends discover dark secrets…
Rocketman (2019)
A musical fantasy about the fantastical human story of Elton Johns breakthrough years.
Captain Marvel
Carol Danvers becomes one of the universes most powerful heroes when Earth is caught in the middle of a galactic war between two alien races. In 1995, on the Kree…
Game of Thrones – Season 8
The eighth and final season of the fantasy drama television series Game of Thrones, produced by HBO, is scheduled to premiere on April 14, 2019. Filming officially began on October 23, 2017, and concluded in…
Doom Patrol – Season 1
The adventures of an idealistic mad scientist and his field team of superpowered outcasts.
Game of Thrones – Season 8
The eighth and final season of the fantasy drama television series Game of Thrones, produced by HBO, is scheduled to premiere on April 14, 2019. Filming officially began on October 23, 2017, and concluded in…
Avengers: Endgame
After the devastating events of Avengers: Infinity War (2018), the universe is in ruins. With the help of remaining allies, the Avengers assemble once more in order to undo Thanos…
Legacies – Season 1
Hope Mikaelson, a tribrid daughter of a Vampire/Werewolf hybrid, makes her way in the world.
Riverdale – Season 3
A subversive take on Archie and his friends, exploring small town life, the darkness and weirdness bubbling beneath Riverdale’s wholesome facade.
The Flash – Season 5
After being struck by lightning, Barry Allen wakes up from his coma to discover he’s been given the power of super speed, becoming the Flash, fighting crime in Central City.
Brooklyn Nine-Nine – Season 6
Jake Peralta, an immature, but talented N.Y.P.D. detective in Brooklyn’s 99th Precinct, comes into immediate conflict with his new commanding officer, the serious and stern Captain Ray Holt.
Spider-Man: Far from Home
Following the events of Avengers: Endgame, Spider-Man must step up to take on new threats in a world that has changed forever.
John Wick: Chapter 3 – Parabellum
Super-assassin John Wick is on the run after killing a member of the international assassins guild, and with a $14 million price tag on his head – he is the…
Captain Marvel
Carol Danvers becomes one of the universes most powerful heroes when Earth is caught in the middle of a galactic war between two alien races. In 1995, on the Kree…
Aquaman
Arthur Curry learns that he is the heir to the underwater kingdom of Atlantis, and must step forward to lead his people and be a hero to the world.
The Lion King (2019)
After the murder of his father, a young lion prince flees his kingdom only to learn the true meaning of responsibility and bravery.
Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse
Miles Morales becomes the Spider-Man of his reality and crosses paths with his counterparts from other dimensions to stop a threat to all reality.
Love Island – Season 5
Single hopefuls looking for love complete tasks, couple off and get voted out week by week. Packed full of drama.
Fast & Furious Presents: Hobbs & Shaw
Lawman Luke Hobbs and outcast Deckard Shaw form an unlikely alliance when a cyber-genetically enhanced villain threatens the future of humanity.
Game Of Thrones – Season 1
Game of Thrones is based on the novel A Game of Thrones by George R R Martin. Lord Eddard Stark is summoned to court by his old friend, King Robert…
Shazam!
We all have a superhero inside us, it just takes a bit of magic to bring it out. In Billy Batsons case, by shouting out one word – SHAZAM! –…
Deadpool 2
Foul-mouthed mutant mercenary Wade Wilson (AKA. Deadpool), brings together a team of fellow mutant rogues to protect a young boy of supernatural abilities from the brutal, time-traveling mutant, Cable.
Concerto of the Bully
Internet songwriter Chow (Cherry Ngan) is gifted with an extraordinary retentive memory. She never forgets anything she has heard. One day, she was kidnapped by Yung (Ronald Cheng), a …
Game of Thrones – Season 8
The eighth and final season of the fantasy drama television series Game of Thrones, produced by HBO, is scheduled to premiere on April 14, 2019. Filming officially began on October 23, 2017, and concluded in…
Legacies – Season 1
Hope Mikaelson, a tribrid daughter of a Vampire/Werewolf hybrid, makes her way in the world.
Riverdale – Season 3
A subversive take on Archie and his friends, exploring small town life, the darkness and weirdness bubbling beneath Riverdale’s wholesome facade.
The Flash – Season 5
After being struck by lightning, Barry Allen wakes up from his coma to discover he’s been given the power of super speed, becoming the Flash, fighting crime in Central City.
Titans – Season 1
A team of young superheroes led by Nightwing (formerly Batman’s first Robin) form to combat evil and other perils.
Brooklyn Nine-Nine – Season 6
Jake Peralta, an immature, but talented N.Y.P.D. detective in Brooklyn’s 99th Precinct, comes into immediate conflict with his new commanding officer, the serious and stern Captain Ray Holt.
Aquaman
Arthur Curry learns that he is the heir to the underwater kingdom of Atlantis, and must step forward to lead his people and be a hero to the world.
Sacred Games – Season 1
A link in their pasts leads an honest cop to a fugitive gang boss, whose cryptic warning spurs the officer on a quest to save Mumbai from cataclysm.
Mirzapur – Season 1
The iron-fisted Akhandanand Tripathi is a millionaire carpet exporter and the mafia don of Mirzapur. His son, Munna, is an unworthy, power-hungry heir who will stop at nothing to inherit…
The Chilling Adventures of Sabrina – Season 1
As her 16th birthday nears, Sabrina must choose between the witch world of her family and the human world of her friends. Based on the Archie comic.
Love Island – Season 5
Single hopefuls looking for love complete tasks, couple off and get voted out week by week. Packed full of drama.
Love Island – Season 4
Single hopefuls looking for love complete tasks, couple off and get voted out week by week. Packed full of drama.
To All the Boys I’ve Loved Before
A teenage girl’s secret love letters are exposed and wreak havoc on her love life.
Avengers: Endgame
After the devastating events of Avengers: Infinity War (2018), the universe is in ruins. With the help of remaining allies, the Avengers assemble once more in order to undo Thanos…
Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse
Miles Morales becomes the Spider-Man of his reality and crosses paths with his counterparts from other dimensions to stop a threat to all reality.
God Friended Me – Season 1
An atheist’s life is turned upside down when he is “friended” by God on Facebook.
Farming
Based on the writer/director’s childhood, FARMING tells story of a young Nigerian boy, ‘farmed out’ by his parents to a white British family in the hope of a better future….
Dolemite Is My Name
Eddie Murphy portrays real-life legend Rudy Ray Moore, a comedy and rap pioneer who proved naysayers wrong when his hilarious, obscene, kung-fu fighting alter ego, Dolemite, became a 1970s Blaxploitation…
The Nightingale
Girl on the Third Floor
Don Koch tries to renovate a rundown mansion with a sordid history for his growing family, only to learn that the house has other plans.
Rattlesnake (2019)
Portals
The Cat and the Moon
Whilst his mother seeks treatment in rehab, teenager Nick (Wolff) comes to New York to stay with Cal (Epps), a Jazz musician friend of his late father’s. During his stay…
Fourplay
A story of friendship, love, marriage, secrets, and lies that unfolds between two couples in one apartment during a Sunday brunch that will affect their lives forever.
Oude liefde
When their son suddenly dies the long divorced Ton and Fransje seek comfort with each other.
Love Is Blind
A woman with selective perception, who cannot see her mother, is prescribed by her psychiatrist to spend time with a suicidal man that has fallen in love with her –…
A Good Woman Is Hard to Find
A recently widowed young mother will go to any lengths to protect her children as she seeks the truth behind her husbands murder.
The Good Place – Season 4
Four people and their otherworldly frienemy struggle in the afterlife to define what it means to be good.
Human, Space, Time and Human
People from all sorts of backgrounds set sail on a warship. They get drunk on alcohol, drugs and sex. Later, everyone grows tired and falls asleep, then the ship enters…
Groomzilla
After four years of courting, Alyssa and Tucker are about to tie the knot. However, suddenly the usually easy going Tucker becomes obsessed with every minute detail of the wedding…
Framing John DeLorean
Who was the real John DeLorean? To some, he was a renegade visionary who revolutionized the automobile industry. To others, he was the ultimate con man.
Limbo
A murderer finds himself on trial in Hell, caught between a bitter prosecutor and an inexperienced defense attorney.
Relentless with Kate Snow – Season 1
Emmy-winning journalist Kate Snow takes viewers on an emotional journey with suffering families as they go to incredible lengths to find answers about their loved ones’ deaths.
Ridiculousness – Season 15
Rob Dyrdek shows us some of the funniest videos with two of his friends.
Black Jesus – Season 3
The scripted live-action comedy features Jesus Christ living in modern-day Compton, on a mission to spread love and kindness throughout the neighborhood with his small group of followers.
Late Show with Stephen Colbert – Season 5
Stephen Colbert took over as host, executive producer and writer of THE LATE SHOW on Tuesday, Sept. 8, 2015. The comedy-variety-talk show is broadcast five nights a week from the…
Finding Escobar’s millions – Season 2
Two ex CIA agents travel to Columbia to look for the hundreds of millions of dollars buried by Pablo Escobar. Using modern technology they search throughout the country for the…
Raven’s Home – Season 3
Though Raven Baxter is psychic, she would’ve never guess she’d be a single mother living in an apartment with her twins Nia and Booker Baxter and her best friend Chelsea…
Real Time with Bill Maher – Season 17
Comedian and political satirist Bill Maher discusses topical events with guests from various backgrounds.
Magnum P.I. – Season 2
An ex-Navy SEAL returns home from Afghanistan and uses his military skills to become a private investigator in Hawaii.
Police Ten 7 – Season 26
The series profiles wanted offenders and asks the viewers to help assist the police in their search for them. The programme follows active police officers in their patrols, and other…
Van Helsing – Season 4
Vanessa Helsing, distant relative of famous vampire hunter Abraham Van Helsing, is resurrected only to find that vampires have taken over the world.
Carter – Season 2
An actor returns home after a public meltdown. Partnering with his police detective friend, he tries to use his acting experience to solve real crimes.
Room 104 – Season 3
Set in a single room of an average American hotel, telling a different story of the assorted guests who pass through.
Blue Bloods – Season 10
Revolves around a family of New York cops.
Late Night with Seth Meyers – Season 7
Seth Meyers hosts a late-night talk show.
Are You Afraid of the Dark? (2019) – Season 1
This three-part, self-contained limited series is about the newest member of the Midnight Society, her first scary tale, and what happens to the group when the terrifying events of her…
Grand Designs New Zealand – Season 5
Architect Chris Moller follows the progress of interesting and ambitious house building projects, speaking with the owners and tracking the ups and downs of the design, construction and …
Ghost Nation – Season 1
High-stakes cases and a robust, multi-stage investigation that begins with a shocking paranormal story and a tantalizing piece of evidence.
Triple D Nation – Season 1
Guy Fieri’s kicking it old school as he pops into one of his favorite places from the very first season of DDD. Also, a lobster food truck’s looking a lot…
Watch What Happens: Live – Season 16
Bravo network executive Andy Cohen discusses pop culture topics with celebrities and reality show personalities.
Days of Our Lives – Season 55
A chronicle of the lives, loves, trials and tribulations of the citizens of the fictional city of Salem.
Dynasty – Season 3
Follows two of America’s wealthiest families as they feud for control over their fortune and their children.
Gold Rush – Season 11
A reality TV show that follows crews mining the gold placer deposits of the Yukon Territory.
The Last Leg – Season 18
Aussie comedian and amputee athlete, Adam Hills, British comedian Josh Widdicombe, UK’s most famous amputee comedian Alex Brooker, and their celebrity guests provide topical commentary on the week.
The Walking Dead – Season 10
Sheriff Deputy Rick Grimes wakes up from a coma to learn the world is in ruins, and must lead a group of survivors to stay alive.
When Hope Calls – Season 1
Spinoff series of ‘When Calls the Heart’ centering on the lives of orphan siblings Lillian and Grace, who grow up apart but reunite later in adulthood in the early 1900s.
The Graham Norton Show – Season 26
Irish comedian Graham Norton hosts his very own chat show, which includes chatting to A-list celebrities, the very famous Red Chair game, live music, lots of jokes and fun from…
The Blacklist – Season 7
A new FBI profiler, Elizabeth Keen, has her entire life uprooted when a mysterious criminal, Raymond Reddington, who has eluded capture for decades, turns himself in and insists on speaking…
Fresh Off the Boat – Season 6
A Taiwanese family makes their way in America during the 1990s.
Charmed (2018) – Season 2
Follows the lives of three sisters who, after the tragic death of their mother, discover they are powerful witches.
Hawaii Five-0 – Season 10
Steve McGarrett returns home to Oahu, in order to find his father’s killer. The Governor offers him the chance to run his own task force (Five-0).
Still Open All Hours – Season 6
Having inherited the shop from his uncle, it’s business as usual for Granville at Arkwright’s corner shop.
American Housewife – Season 4
Katie goes back to work as a party planner, which brings new challenges of balancing home and work life into the mix.
Strictly It Takes Two – Season 17
Claudia Winkleman presents this weekday BBC2 half hour fanzine show dedicated entirely to the BBC1 programme Strictly Come Dancing (2004). Claudia interviews the dancers and celebrities performing on the show…
The Gadget Show – Season 32
The Gadget show aims to focus on the latest upcoming gadgets, games and more.
QI XL – Season 17
Sandi Toksvig and regular panellist Alan Davies are joined by Aisling Bea, Lee Mack, Jason Manford to answer questions on the subject of peril…
Gogglebox – Season 14
What do Britain’s favourite viewers think of The Great British Bake Off, Doctor Foster, The X Factor, The Crystal Maze, Mountain: Life at the Extreme and Cheap Cheap Cheap?
Botched – Season 1
Horrible plastic surgeries gone wrong are looked at by two of California’s best plastic surgeons.
Botched – Season 3
Horrible plastic surgeries gone wrong are looked at by two of California’s best plastic surgeons.
Caught Red Handed – Season 8
Documentary series in which Dominic Littlewood looks at clever new ways in which police forces across the UK and members of the public are catching crooks red handed.
Titans – Season 2
A team of young superheroes led by Nightwing (formerly Batman’s first Robin) form to combat evil and other perils.