Website Feedback Form
The Institute of Chartered Accountant of Pakistan (ICAP) was established on 01 July 1961
with the prime objective of regulating the profession of accounting in Pakistan.
The profession of Chartered Accountants in Pakistan should be the benchmark of professional excellence upholding the principles of integrity, transparency and accountability.
Our mission is to achieve excellence in professional competence, add value to businesses and economy, safeguard public interest; ensure ethical practices and good corporate governance while recognizing the needs of globalization.
Mr. Jafar Husain, FCA
I am very pleased to welcome you to the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Pakistan website.
The profession of Chartered Accountants in Pakistan is the hallmark of professional excellence, upholding the principles of integrity, transparency and accountability. To achieve excellence in professional competence, value to business and economy, safeguard public interest, ensure ethical practices and contribute to good corporate governance while recognizing the needs of globalization.
Since its inception in 1961, ICAP has been a premier body which has embodied its core values and set forth examples of professional excellence, impact, delivery and ethical standards in enforcing the highest standards of qualification, education, training, professional development, service quality and ethical practices, while proving its commitment towards promoting the profession in the best public interest. Attaching the highest sense of priority to its community including members, students, firms and other stakeholders, it has enabled its community members to form networks of knowledge, keep them informed and help them access efficiently the development opportunities and services offered by ICAP. Our objective is that the ICAP brand always remain the hallmark of trust, reliability and integrity.
With the direction and participation of an active council, we realize the importance of being prepared for the future, while also understanding that our success in the future will depend on our level of preparedness as an individual as well as an organization. With our focus on providing the best quality and standards of professional excellence, learning opportunities, and development for our students, members being at the forefront, this website is your resource for everything you want to know about the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Pakistan including our events, activities and plans. We hope you find it useful and we look forward to creating an insightful digital experience for you. Thank you.
These publications form the body of literature that fosters the Institute’s policy of promoting
education and research.
The Department is committed to meet the technical needs of the members, to embrace change
and equip members to adapt to the evolving and expanding professional requirements.
ICAP Students, Members and others can make their payments using the
following ICAP payment options.
ICAP Students, Members and others can communicate with Institute through the
following alternate ways.
The Institute of Chartered Accountants of Pakistan is a member of the following International organizations.