Look beyond the numbers.
Grow your social media presence with Iconosquare,
the most powerful analytics, management & scheduling platform for brands and agencies.
No credit card required.
Join 25,000+ agencies and businesses using Iconosquare today!
Improve Performance
Advanced analytics, easy to understand.
Maximize your social media performance by making insightful, data-driven decisions based on intelligible analytics. A customized dashboard quickly visualizes the metrics most important to you, and scheduled reports help you stay on top of your game.
Analytics for promoted Instagram content is available on selected plans.
Improve Management
Multi-profile management from one dashboard.
Add multiple social profiles for different brands and companies and take care of your social media presence from one place, with increased efficiency.
Improve Scheduling
Powerful scheduler that saves you time.
Publish your content automatically. Built-in features, such as Best Time to Post, Geolocation, User Tagging, and more, ensure that your content reaches the right people at the right time.
Improve Performance
Insightful industry benchmarks.
Keep a close eye on selected competitors and understand how your performance stacks up to the rest of your industry across metrics like follower growth, engagement, reach, and more.
Available for over 100 industries.
Iconosquare is loved by users
worldwide
“Iconosquare helps you monitor your content performance and channel growth, as well as schedule posts! The Instagram Story analytics feature is crucial if you have IG Stories as part of your channel strategy.”Joan Zhang, Social Media Specialist, Air New Zealand
“Iconosquare has facilitated me in planning and has aided in the increase of our engagement through the analytics and insights which have been fundamental to the approach of our activity.”Rebecca Shipton, Social Media Executive, Gymshark
“With Iconosquare, we’re able to easily track our performance in full detail. It’s become an essential tool for us to grow and engage with our audience.”Diana Choi, Digital Marketing Executive, Hypebeast
“You help me understand the results of our social media with detailed analytics and the ability to execute a more efficient post for our company's social media.”Joel Chan, Marketing, American Force Wheels
“The accessibility and easy navigation on Iconosquare makes my reporting of growth metrics to clients seamless!”Jazmin Gac, Community Management Coordinator at Krupp Group Public Relations
“I love it all! Great insights into our performance that informs our content strategy. Charts / visual representations are very helpful.”Felicia McKinney, CEO & Publisher at Foundr Magazine
Grow your brand presence on social media.
Try Iconosquare free for 14 days. No credit card required.Sign up for a Free Trial