Changing How the World Thinks About the Impact of Technology
Global
Redefine IT decision making with IT market research from around the world.
Insightful
Take action with technology analysis, use cases and interactive data tools.
Forward-thinking
Accelerate success and prioritize smartly with critical analyst thought leadership.
Maximize your competitive advantage with IDC's leading research and solutions for emerging topics and technologies.
News
The latest IDC research news and insights
Press Releases
IDC Asia/Pacific Reveals the 14 Outstanding Organizations in Digital Transformation led by...
Learn More
Component Shortages Insufficient to Neutralize Commercial Strength as EMEA Traditional PC...
Learn More
IDC Addresses the Digital Economy and Its Impact on the Future Enterprise
Learn More
New Research
Advice for the Technology Marketer
Today's technology marketer often juggles competing priorities with limited resourcing. IDC can serve as your trusted partner for developing relevant, impactful marketing messages and campaigns to engage your audience.
The Marketing Leader's Checklist
Learn where to prioritize to gain the most bang from your planning buck.
Get Checklist
Why CX is an Organization-Wide Priority
See how marketing can influence customer experiences across the business.
View Infographic
3 Areas Successful Marketing Organizations Invest In
Explore the marketing elements where increased budget means increased ROI.
Read Blog
The Marketer's Guide to Developing a Thought Leadership Strategy
Create a comprehensive strategy that drives revenue growth and builds brand reputation.Download eBook
Featured Products
Explore key products and solutions from IDC that offer actionable market insights, competitive intelligence and tools to help drive your brand in the markets that matter most to you.
Subscription Services
Empowering subscribers to make well-informed decisions for their organization.Learn More
Trackers
Accurate, timely, highly-segmented data for hundreds of technology markets around the world.Learn More
Spending Guides
Targeted technology opportunities with industry segmented data, aligning technology solutions to business use cases.Learn More
IT Executive Programs
Actionable research, KPIs, benchmarks and best practices for business leaders.Learn More
Sourcing Advisory Services
Price benchmarking that helps IT buyers drive savings and efficiency in IT investments and partnerships.Learn More
Insights Industry Research
Global research that advises on business and technology issues facing today's IT leaders.Learn More
Custom Solutions
Custom programs across strategy, sales and marketing, and business measurement and management.Learn More
Events
IDC's live and on demand events bring thought leadership and critical market analysis to thousands of business and IT decisionmakers around the world.View All Events
IDC FutureScape: Worldwide 2020 Predictions
Web Conference Series
October 29 - December 18, 2019See Details
3rd Platform
Digital transformation (DX) and multiplied innovation continue to energize IT markets
Spending on DX projects through 2022 will be $6.1T as more enterprises move towards becoming “digitally determined”. Explore IDC’s research across critical 3rd Platform markets.Explore More