Top categories
Home essentials under Rs.199 Shop now
Ideas & designs
Top offers for IKEA Family members
IKEA Essentials
Collections in focus
ÄNGLATÅRAR is the second textile collection created as an ode to India. IKEA brought together two talented young designers from India and Sweden to bring this diverse range to life.
Traditional signs, letters, and alphabets sparked a dialogue between the designers enabling deeper understanding of one another. Their bond gave them the confidence to challenge each other and build on each other's ideas.
The fifth IKEA Art Event is a short-term event that mashesup tapestry art, rug handicraft, avant-garde fashion, street culture and modern design.
Leading creative figures have each designed a contemporary IKEA rug. These unique, ‘woven artworks’ are made for the everyday home. Yet they might also look at home in the art gallery. All in wool or other natural materials, only one of the rugs is machine-woven. Skilled craftspeople in India handmade the others, vividly bringing to life the creators’ visions.
Explore our furniture & home furnishing range
Sofas | Beds | Dining | Tv units | Mattresses | Seating | Coffee tables | Wardrobes | Storage | Bookshelves | Shoe racks | Decor| Bathroom | Textiles | Pots & plants | Home electronics | Home improvement | Lighting
IKEA is a global leader in life at home.
Whether you just moved into a new home or looking to revamp your current one, we at IKEA are here to inspire you with affordable home furniture solutions, there is a piece of furniture to every corner of your home. Create a home that is perfect for you.
Shopping at IKEA is a bit different and exciting compared to your shopping at an everyday retail. It is about experiencing solutions first hand and getting to know ideas and inspirations that can fit perfectly into your home. That’s why, we offer more than 7500 products, solutions at our store along with home furnishing ideas and services for you to explore.
When you visit IKEA store, make yourself at home in our many room settings in the store. Squeeze the upholsteries, feel the oriental rugs, try the sofa beds and open the cabinets to feel the quality. On the price tag, you’ll find all you need to know about a product, including where in the store you can pick it up.
Since most IKEA furniture is flat-packed, they are quite easy to bring home when you buy from the store.