Quality T-Shirt Design templates for Bachelor parties, Hen parties, family reunion and all occasions.View All T-Shirt Designs
At iLogo, we are not just about T-Shirts. We share your pride for your group, club or team, the commitment you have for your cause or event and the the persistance that makes your business stand out. We believe that custom t-shirts not only make you look good, but they also make you do good and feel good!
Your order is unique, and we work to make your order as special as your design. iLogo is the only custom t-shirt company you will find with all the resources and people to make your order stand out.
Bring your design to life with our easy to use Design Studio. The Design Studio gives you access to 1000's of fonts and cliparts which you can use to create your unique t-shirt design online. We have everything you need to make your unique t-shirt design.
You can also create your unique t-shirt, with your choice combination of colours of collar, sleeve, sleeve brim, button placket. Our Design Team is ready to offer their support by helping recreate your design, proof read your design or just advice you on what design would work best. Just drop us an email or call us for real live help from our designers!
We pass on the savings of increasing quantities. Our pricing is transparent and depends on the quantity, product and design.
Want your team to stand out? An entire team of our designers are ready to make your design stand out.
Our designers review every order for placements, colour and sizing. We send you a mock up of your design for every custom order. We recreate your designs, if the uploaded images are not clear. If your uploaded design is not perfect for printing, we shall modify designs based on your inputs and requirements. We shall keep modifying till you are satisfied with your unique design. For complicated designs and larger orders, we also send a physical sample of your design for your approval.We will do whatever it takes to make the print match the design you desire.
Customized T-Shirts are all about the details. If the design printed is not the same as design by you, the product damaged or the shipment arrives later than promised, just return the order back within 15 days and we promise a full refund.
We realize you need your orders to a deadline. That's why we offer free ground delivery guaranteed to reach your hands in 2 weeks.
Need it quicker? We can push the delivery schedule based on your needs. Just call us or drop us an email.
Your unique designs requires quality products. That is why our custom products are made to last and make you stand out day after day, month after month. All our products are manufactured by us. Whether, t-shirts, polos, hoodies, performance wear or any other product, we ensure quality right from choosing the best yarn, checking the colour fastness of the dyes, ensuring high standards in stitching, to making sure our final product quality matches your special designs. No matter what your design, our quality products make your design timeless.
We have 1000's of t-shirt designs, for different design ideas like couples, bachelor parties, bachelorette parties. These templates can be customized to meet your requirement or directly be bought by you. If you would like a design unique to your idea, our designers can help bring that to life.
We are passionate about customized t-shirts and are even more passionate about getting your designs to life. We shall review your order, adjust your design, check every detail and ensure that you and your team look great.
If you want to order customized t shirts in bulk at lowest prices, then iLogo is your onestop solution. iLogo provides the best quality t-shirts and hoodies for the lowest prices. Whether you want blank t-shirts in bulk, wholesale t-shirts, custom collared t-shirts or wholesale custom hoodies, iLogo provides the best value for money solution. We can provide whole sale custom t-shirts for your school, college, group, event, organization or are having a special event in your family. Fill in your bulk custom t shirt requirements or send us your details and we will get back to you.
We are passionate about providing the best type of print suitable for your unique design. We've been perfecting printing for 7 years now and have millions of satisfied customers. That's why we use multiple printing techniques and choose the best technique that suits your unique design.
Screen printing is still the best t-shirt printing technique available to print high quality custom t-shirts. Over 80% of our orders are printed through this classic printing method and you know that we have become very precise with this.
For every design, our printers create a stencil(screen) and use this to apply dyes to the t-shirt. Each colour is applied using a different screen, one colour at a time, until they all come together to create your design. As screen printing requires additional preparation like making screens, we have a minimum requirement of 6 per design, but, they are by far the best choice for long lasting prints, dark colours and bright prints.
Speciality screen printing, including, Gold and Silver Foil printing, metallic printing, Glow in the Dark printing, Neon printing, Reflective printing and Glitter printing on t-shirts are also provided by us. Speciality printing would entail a special pricing and minimum order. Please do contact us if you require speciality prints in your order.
For designs with high levels of details, including photographs, there is no better way to go than Direct to Garment printing. This method takes your design from your image and prints it directly onto the t-shirt.
As DTG printing does not require any set up like screen making, there is no minimum quantity required to be ordered. Please look for the No-minimum section in our website to choose DTG printing. This is suitable for one off prints for occassions like birthdays, anniversaries etc.
Looking for the old school look and feel? No problem. Our embroidery services will decorate your product with multi colour thread to give your clothing that old school feel. Embroidery is perfect for corporate polo shirts, custom hoodies and corporate shirts for companies, teams and groups.
For performance wear, which are made of man-made fabrics, sublimation printing can be used to get prints of high levels of details, including photographs, without creating extra layers on the fabric. This can, however, only be done on white or light garments. Sublimation printing is best suitable for your running group t-shirts, football team t-shirts, gym t-shirts and other sports t-shirts.
We believe in the power of custom t-shirts and how they help express your unique story. That's why we wish to make the process of creating custom t-shirts, whatever the quantity, as easy and seamless as possible
We offer free shipping and time definite delivery in just 2 weeks all across India and the major countries across the world. Shipping to major cities takes fewer days than to more remote locations. Please check with us if you are from a remote location with poorer courier networks. If have a rush delivery requirement, we may be able to help. Please contact us by phone, email or chat and we are here to help.
Our standard delivery time is 2 weeks for all screen printed and embroidered t-shirts. We can also provide you rush delivery at an extra charge for the expedited shipping. In case you have order it as a Direct to Garment printed(DTG) personalized t-shirt, the delivery time is 1 week. Shipping anywhere in the world is free. Our pricing is all inclusive and includes all taxes and other charges.