Explore our adaptive curriculum for PreK–8 students
The Imagine Learning Suite of online PreK–8 Literacy, Math, and Assessment solutions ignites engagement, maximizes personal relevance, amplifies confidence, and inspires breakthroughs for all learners.
With our expertise grounded in language development, Imagine Learning accelerates learning and empowers each student to fulfill their unique potential.
Join us as we reimagine learning together!
Literacy
Math
Assessment
The Imagine Learning Language Advantage™
The Imagine Learning Language Advantage™ is a theory of action that promotes rigorous and equitable development of language that accelerates learning across all subjects, transforming students into stronger and more confident learners.
Literacy
Our literacy solutions help PreK–8 students read, write, speak and understand the language of learning, teaching the skills needed to achieve reading proficiency and academic success.
1.8x
Stronger performance. Imagine Literacy students are 1.8 times more likely to outperform peers on state tests.LEARN MORE
Math
Our adaptive, age-appropriate math solutions provide learning environments that help students develop language proficiency in mathematics so they can move beyond computation to real comprehension.
3x
Better results. Imagine Math students are 3 times more likely to be proficient on state tests. LEARN MORE
Assessment
Our comprehensive assessment system of universal screeners and progress monitoring offers educators the data needed to accelerate every student’s learning trajectory with highly accurate measurements of growth and standards mastery.
160k
Standards-aligned items. Results provide clear data about students' academic progress.LEARN MORE
Suite
The Imagine Learning Suite of programs work together to create a district-wide solution. Our products deliver highly engaging pedagogy that strengthens language development, helping students feel connected to their learning.
Imagine learning with consistent, verifiable outcomes
Research studies show time and time again that Imagine Learning programs consistently help to close learning gaps for all students at all levels. Independent, third-party studies measure remarkable shifts in outcomes for students who use our programs. All of our results are proven, verified, and align with ESSA standards.