25+ providers
we are integrated with
300+ brands
we’re partnered with
50+ markets
in which we operate
What our partners are saying
By allowing us to segment and analyse performance at a product level, the Income Access platform enables our team to refine our strategic approach and outlook.
Kunal Vaghela,
Head of Affiliates, ETX Capital
The Income Access platform has a layout that is clear, logical and easy to use. This includes detailed reports that can be run quickly, with no restriction on the amount of data that can be pulled at one time. Their team is also receptive to suggestions for product developments that address the evolving needs of affiliates.
Stephen Burt,
Commercial Analyst, Oddschecker
I encourage all of our partners to use Income Access as it’s the best affiliate software in the industry. The backend is simple to use but offers powerful features making it easy for a marketer to get what they need.
Kendall Saville,
Co Founder, PlayNJ, Catena Media
We’ve known the Income Access Software and the IA Team for many years and appreciate the very good cooperation. We particular love the quick access to stats and data on the platform which are getting updated reliably every morning.
The IA affiliate team has always been a very good partner for the programmes that they manage. Requests are answered within a short time, with a high level of competence, and in a friendly manner.
The IA affiliate team has always been a very good partner for the programmes that they manage. Requests are answered within a short time, with a high level of competence, and in a friendly manner.
Florian Körner,
Founder and CEO, wettbasis.com
With its comprehensive and user-friendly platform, Income Access makes it easy for us to track player acquisition and revenues across many of our online partners. Having worked with them for several years, we’ve enjoyed great support from their affiliate managers, who are always on hand to provide support and explore new ways to maximise revenues for all involved.
James Williams,
Commercial Account Executive, Attheraces.com
Since launching the affiliate programme for our social casino brand NLOP Casino on the Income Access platform, we’ve been highly impressed by the ease-of-use of the software and the transparency and range of its different reporting metrics. The Income Access has been instrumental in the recruitment of numerous high-value affiliates.
Blair Albanese,
Senior Account Manager, NYX Gaming Group