Join Project 24
Project 24 means starting a project to replace your current income with money from passive income websites in 24 months.
See exactly how we earn passive income (so you can do the same!)
Other “niche site gurus” refuse to show you their sites. We think that stinks. See our niches, our exact domains, how much traffic our sites get, and an income report.
“We help people provide well for their families by creating online businesses”
Check out our (very) active Youtube channel where we share everything we learn to provide for our families from our online business.
Income School's Immersion Program
If your site is ready to take it to the next level, you may be interested in the Income School Immersion Program—our 4-day in-person event focused on guiding you through the steps to transform your site into a thriving business.
Two ways to put us to work for you…
Other “niche site gurus” refuse to show you their sites. We think that stinks. See our niches, our exact domains, how much traffic our sites get, and an income report.
Join Project 24 (Right for most people)
- Get our COMPLETE 60-step process for building a passive income website
- Hours and hours of video courses on everything from SEO to monetization.
- Forum where you can ask the community (and Jim and Ricky) questions
- Private podcast where Jim and Ricky share their best secrets
Private Coaching
- Spend an hour with Jim or Ricky getting private consulting on your site
- Good option for those who have an existing site that needs help.
- Seriously, it’s expensive if you’re a beginner. Most people should get Project 24 instead and learn the principles we teach.
Recent Posts from the Blog
5 Things You Can Do Now to Earn Passive Income For Years
Most of us spend most of our waking hours each day working hard to make other people rich. It's tough to get ahead when every time you get a paycheck, the previous paycheck is already spent! The answer is passive income. You only have so much time in life, and...
9 Internet Marketing Hacks that Actually Work
When it comes to internet marketing, our philosophy is that content is king! Create helpful content and Google will reward you with traffic. That said, there are some really cool hacks you can use to make your content more effective at attracting traffic and then...
4 Products Worth Buying for Every Site—Plus 11 More We Use
There are hundreds of services out there being marketed to website owners. Some of them are really useful, and some of them would be a huge waste of money. It can be really hard to tell which ones are worth the cost, and which ones are just a waste of time and...