Freeing Humans to Do their Best Work
Instabase is a generation-defining business, enabling workers to be the most productive they can be by focusing on the work only humans can do - with the highest value add and the most rewarding.
Amazon is set to be the largest investor in Deliveroo's Series G funding round.
The inside story of how to solve the woes of small business borrowers – and transform the paradigm of financial services.
When Adyen launched back in 2006, its founders were convinced they had a powerful business not just for the Netherlands, but for the world.
For tech startups, the most critical ingredient to become the next global giant is access to talent. Without this, it is impossible to grow.
To build a tech giant, Europe must have a singular focus on talent
Deliveroo insiders share the story behind the world’s fastest growing food-tech business.
The company has backed Skype, Supercell and Deliveroo — now it wants to grow a Google
Instabase is a generation-defining business, enabling workers to be the most productive they can be by focusing on the work only humans can do - with the highest value add and the most rewarding.
Cue introduces the first social calendar.
Elastic has developed a unique culture that promotes working remotely and celebrates diversity. We spent time with several executives exploring the advantages this culture brings to their overall success.
On the heels of Datadog's IPO last week on NASDAQ, our partner Shardul Shah recalls the early days of working together with Oli, Alexis and their entire team.
Each year, $500B is spent globally on car repairs. Shopmonkey aims to modernize that industry and improve the lives of small auto repair shop owners everywhere. Nina Achadjian on our team explains why we're excited to be leading their $10M Series A.
While advancements in machine learning, robotics, and computer vision have and will continue to automate many tasks done by humans, tech-enabled services may actually be the most accessible and efficient way to leverage this technology in the near future. Nina Achadjian explores some of the emerging tech-enabled services leaders, by industry.
Spendesk, the leading spend management platform for small to mid-sized businesses (SMBs), today announced it has raised €35M in a Series B round led by Index Ventures. This round brings the total raised to €45M.
Clumio announced $51M in funding from leading Silicon Valley investors and officially launched its flagship backup as a service product.
Quora Q&A session on the future of work, the gig economy and the new productivity stack.
Scale has established itself as the clear leader in high-quality training and validation data for machine learning and AI applications. Today we celebrate their $100M Series C financing round.
It’s less than two years since Bird’s founder Travis VanderZanden launched a small fleet of electric scooters on the Santa Monica beach front. Today, Bird partners with 120 cities and colleges around the world, bringing this new, environmentally-friendly and congestion-busting transportation option to millions of city dwellers. And while it wasn’t always a smooth ride for this trail-blazer, there’s no sign that Bird’s extraordinary charge is faltering.
WhiteHat places and delivers innovative training to apprentices at over 250 world class employers, including BP, Facebook, Salesforce, Publicis, Santander, Kantar and Clifford Chance.
Index Ventures partners Sarah Cannon and Mike Volpi talk about what makes Slack special. Sarah was a board observer at Slack, and Mike led Index’s initial investment in the company in 2015.
Led by Index Ventures, new funding allows Expel to accelerate innovation and expand cloud offerings.
Benchmark is joined by Blossom Capital who led Duffel’s seed investment with participation from Index Ventures.
We're excited to announce our investment in Rec Room, a vibrant and growing virtual community where you can play with new and old friends from all around the world. Damir Becirovic shares how they created one of the most immersive and diverse VR experiences.
Our partner Shardul Shah explores what it takes to build a security startup and why businesses need to embrace their responsibility in delivering safe, trustworthy and secure services.
Funding to Meet Increasing Customer and Ecosystem Demand, Fuel the Broadest Coverage of MITRE ATT&CK.
SeedLegals, the UK’s largest legal platform for startups that makes fundraising simpler, 80% faster and significantly cheaper than traditional legal services, has closed a $4 million Series A.
Some of the world’s largest industries are increasingly demanding software built specifically for their needs. Nina Achadjian on our team explores the powerful combination of vertical SaaS and payments in the quest to becoming the system of record for these massive sectors.
Amazon is set to be the largest investor in Deliveroo's Series G funding round.
Otrium, an innovative online fashion outlet, has raised €7 million to grow its international footprint and brand partnerships. Otrium’s mission is based on the belief that every piece of clothing deserves an owner that appreciates it. It has developed a unique model for selling excess inventory – a growing challenge in the fashion industry.
Investment will help accelerate the company's mission to reshape construction lending ecosystem.
Carsharing pioneer Getaround today announced the $300M acquisition of Drivy, the largest and fastest-growing carsharing platform in Europe.
Subscription businesses like Copper, Crazy Egg and SparkPost automatically reduce cancellations and drive sustainable growth with new SaaS solution.
KeepTruckin, a leader in fleet management on a mission to connect the world’s trucks, today announced it secured $149 million in a Series D investment.
Index Ventures leads the round with participation from Stripe.
We're thrilled to be leading Pilot's Series B round.
We're excited to be doubling down on Kong and lead their Series C financing of $43M dollars. The company will use the additional funding to continue to fuel their growth. Our partner Mike Volpi recalls his experience investing and working alongside this impressive company and its founders.