All the New and Returning 2019-2020 Midseason TV Shows
There's no time like the immediate future to add more television to your viewing plans - and here is what is arriving soon.
We value your privacy
We and our partners use technologies, such as cookies, and process personal data, such as IP addresses and cookie identifiers, to personalise ads and content based on your interests, measure the performance of ads and content, and derive insights about the audiences who saw ads and content. Click below to consent to the use of this technology and the processing of your personal data for these purposes. You can change your mind and change your consent choices at any time by returning to this site.
There's no time like the immediate future to add more television to your viewing plans - and here is what is arriving soon.
Raphael Bob-Waksberg sets the stage for a turbulent Part 2, but the first eight episodes of "BoJack's" final season are more fun than you might expect.
The life of the late, great explorer of "Parts Unknown" will be explored in a new film from CNN Films, HBO Max, and Focus Features.
Quentin Tarantino's latest hit is back in theaters and bookended by Red Apple ads and a longer look at Luke Perry in the "Lancer" pilot.
Rave reactions are pouring in online following the long-awaited debut of Flanagan's Stephen King adaptation, "Doctor Sleep."
A Georgian dancer finds his voice amidst a conservative culture in Levan Akin's luminous drama, which is Sweden's official Oscar submission.
The disgraced former producer doesn't ever directly appear in the real-time thriller, but his presence is felt in every moment.
TV Line confirms the next "Stranger Things" season will shoot from January to August 2020.
The Hollywood studios and their theater partners are not fans of Netflix, but the PGA celebrates Netflix's Ted Sarandos as an innovator.
From “Breaking Bad” and “Atlanta” to “Fleabag” and “BoJack,” these are the best scripted TV shows from 2010 to 2019.
WarnerMedia, Disney, and Apple now have all announced deals for existing customers to lure them to their new streaming services.
"Synonyms" director Nadav Lapid fled Israel and swore he would never speak Hebrew again, but his body wouldn't let him forget who he was.