Study in Top Universities in IndiaIndiaStudyChannel.com is rated as the best educational website in India, providing admission guidance to universities, colleges and schools in the country. Our study abroad section provides comprehensive guidance to Indian students to find admission in the best universities abroad. Also, we provide reliable and comprehensive information on examinations, education system, exam results, entrance coaching. You can download previous years question papers for any university.
Study Abroad with ScholarshipIf you are looking for an overseas education with scholarship, take a look at our study abroad section. We are providing expert guidance to help you get admission to the best universities in countries like Germany, Canada, Switzerland, Singapore, China and many others. Our goal is to help find overseas education opportunities through the reliable overseas education consultants in India.
Learn to Earn, Earn to LearnMembers can participate in a discussion forum which will be reviewed by an English expert and will help members to improve their English skills. Also, members can earn revenue through various sections of this site by contributing content like your previous years' question papers, submitting educational news etc. In most sections of this site, you will earn Google AdSense revenue share for a period of 1 year from the date of submitting a specific post. In some sections like previous years question papers, we will pay you through our earning programs in addition to the Google AdSense revenue sharing program.
School Admissions 2020 - 2021 Academic YearAdmissions for 2020 - 2021 academic year is almost over and the schools have started. But enthusiastic parents have already started talking about admissions for 2020 - 2021 academic year. Many private schools in India will start admissions for the next academic year very soon. If you are looking for admission for your child in one of the best schools in the country, check out our Indian school directory. Search for CBSE, ICSE, State or International schools and fill the form to get admission guidance. We have partnered with admission consultants in various states and will guide you through the admission process in popular schools in India.
Search for courses in Indian and foreign universities
Earn part time revenueIndiaStudyChannel.com provides an opportunity for members to earn some money while spending their time in this website. Read more about making money.
Top Earners
|Ravi Shankar
|₹ 334550.45
|Juana
|₹ 109262.00
|Vandana
|₹ 227772.65
|Dr.Sanjeev(Sandy)
|₹ 107717.00
|Pramod
|₹ 202747.00
|Padmini
|₹ 94230.20
|Dr Apurva Tamhane
|₹ 192671.85
|Nitin
|₹ 93153.55
|Dhruv
|₹ 134554.70
|M. K.
|₹ 81613.00
[find more...]
Universities in India
This section lists all universities in India. You can find various details including contact details, upcoming events, announcements and examination results. When you select university name, you can find the list of all colleges affiliated to the university. Get to quickly know the address, phone numbers and email address of the university and detailed information about the university. Find information about the colleges affiliated to the university, previous year exam papers for the university, admission news and links to other universities in the particular state.
Search for universities in India
Search for courses & admissions
This section lists various courses available in the colleges and universities in India. You can view the course name and click on the course name to view various branches within the course. You can also search for colleges offering the specific courses. When you select a course, you can find the list of colleges offering the course.
Search for courses
Schools in India
CBSE Schools ICSE Schools Public Schools
Our School finder helps you find information about all schools in India.
Best Schools in India
Recent Announcements
- Sparkling Deepavali Greetings to all - light diyas, enjoy a joyous festival!
- Some special awards for ISCians on the occasion of Diwali - let's celebrate their surprizes!
- Diwali Special- Short Story Writing contest -Oct '19.
- 2019 PKL MAPs - tally of points and winners
- Thread of the Week contest - 13th to 19th Oct '19- Winners!
You can prepare for any entrance examinations by practising our free online model entrance examination feature. We have a question bank of thousands of questions from medical entrance, engineering entrance, aptitude tests, TOEFL, IELTS, GRE etc. All our model entrance tests are free and you can browse hundreds of model questions papers online.
Model Medical Entrance Exams Sample Engineering Entrance Question Papers Free Aptitude Test Questions
TOEFL Questions & IELTS Question Papers
Featured Articles
- How to submit an online application for NEET-UG 2020 - important dates and details
- The myths of the legends of King Midas - his Golden touch and his Ass-Ears
- All you need to know about analyzing anger and its management
- New Motor Vehicle Act - a nightmare for Indian truckers?
- Saaho movie review: A colossal disappointment
Recent Articles
- Kerala University fourth semester M.Tech 2019 exam fee registration online
- Indian Institute of Management Bangalore admissions 2020 to Ph.D. Program
- Banaras Hindu University, Varanasi admissions 2020 to MBA, MBA (IB) Courses
- TN DTE Polytechnic Diploma Time Table 2019 published
- NEET-MDS 2020 for Dental PG courses admissions – where and how to apply guide
IndiaStudyChannel is the most authentic education website of India, providing admission guidance and comprehensive information on the education system of India. Also, we provide a complete directory of all schools, colleges and universities in India with contact information, course details, admission guidance and much more. Join us today and learn more about Indian education system. If you are looking for admissions to various courses, colleges, universities or schools in India, you can visit our courses section and admission guidance section.
Digital Marketing ServicesIndiaStudyChannel.com is managed and marketed by SpiderWorks Technologies Pvt Ltd, a leading digital marketing company since 2005.
If you are looking for a digital marketing company in Kerala to promote your business in Kerala or anywhere else in the world, get in touch with SpiderWorks. We can help your company achieve your marketing goals through effective digital marketing strategies.
Contact SpiderWorks Technologies Pvt Ltd:
Phone: +91 9495559690
Email: contact@spiderworks.in