Indian clothing for women is something that allures almost everyone's attention. It is one of the most sensuous yet clothing throughout the globe.
Traditional Indian saris that is worn by Indian women is considered serene to be one of the most elegant and beautiful dresses in the world. Indian clothing or dresses represents its culture and tradition. Indian clothes will change with different states and cities. Clothing in India is usually bright and colorful especially for women. Indian wedding dresses are famous for their dazzling beauty and embroidery all over the world. One can see a typical Indian bride in an ornamented 'Ghaghara' (skirt) worn with a beautiful 'choli' and an 'odhani' on her wedding day called "Bridal Lehenga Choli".
Urban Indian clothing has changes in the past few decades and has become more contemporary at par with the global fashion. In rural areas, people still wear traditional dresses according to their lifestyle. In every Indian city one can feel the fresh tinge of color in its clothing and yet the core or the essence will always remain same throughout the country.
Indian Cloth Store, an Indian entity, the house of all types of traditional, ethnic and Indo Western outfits, is happy and proud about dressing the beautiful population of India and world in Indian Ethnic wears since its inception. The myriad of customers we deal with, they differ in culture, language, gender, country and age but all we work for is to make them feel satisfied. The types, colors, couture, styles and all the sartorial aspects we include in our collection of outfits make the difference.
We do retailing, wholesaling and undertake bulk orders as well. Our clients and customers are across India, The USA, UK, Fiji, Sri Lanka, Singapore, Malaysia, New Zealand, UAE, Canada etc...
Sarees, the exotic traditional symbol of Indian women, is the never fading Indian fashion since its origin. A stylish woman will pick a sensual saree to glam up her presence in events while a conservative woman will also pick a saree to accentuate her beauty.
The glamorous saree collections, we offer: designer sarees, half and half sarees, party wear sarees, wedding sarees, bridal sarees, bollywood sarees and traditional sarees. We have a vast collection of silk sarees, cotton sarees, net sarees, chiffon sarees, georgette sarees and more.
We offer all varieties of salwar suits in almost all the attractive colors, fabric and trend of the world. Our craftsmen who follow the traditional tactics and implements the trendy ideas of decorations have never failed in designing and tailoring the perfect attire for the perfect stylists. Whatever your fashion ideas may be but you will find your perfect choice of salwar suits and dresses here.
Exclusive range of salwar suits we offer: Anarkali suits & dresses, punjabi patiala suits, churidar salwar kameez, pakistani salwar kameez, designer indian salwar suits, party wear salwar suits, wedding salwar suits, bollywood salwar kameez, casual salwar suits, long salwar kameez, straight suits, palazzo suits and many more to impress you.
A woman will never go wrong in getting a perfect silhouette on her special day, if she opts to wear a beautiful Lehenga Choli.
We offer designer lehenga cholis, wedding lehengas, bridal lehenga choli, party wear lehengas, A-line lehenga choli, fish cut lehengas, circular lehenga, chaniya choli, ghagra choli and more with a right choice of lustrous embellishments and ornamentations. For all your pre and post wedding ceremonies, we have the right options of sangeet lehenga choli, mehendi lehenga choli and more of special couture and decorations.
The fusion of Indian tradition and western style is one of the most welcomed fashion forms. The glamor and the sensual aspects of the Indo western attires can make a Stylish personality out of an ordinary woman.
The trendy kurtis, palazzo suits, Indian ethnic gowns and Indo Western Lehenga Cholis are the most popular forms of the category. At Indian Cloth Store, we will put you speechless with our collection of trendy and stylish Indo western glam.
To get that necessary boldness and the majestic wedding posture Indian men prefer sherwanis, the royal Indian attire. Indian Cloth store offers all types of sherwanis for weddings, ceremonies, parties and the special ones for bridegrooms as well. We design and present the best Indian Sherwanis that adorn the wearer with the necessary glamor and handsomeness ever.
Our special sherwani collection includes, Indo Western Sherwanis, designer sherwanis, dhoti sherwanis, breeches style sherwani, semi sherwanis and more. Check our collections to wear the best on your special day!
Enter the email address associated with your account, and we'll email you a link to reset your password.