Everything you need to be a WFM Hero
Mighty workforce management software, elevated planning, legendary customer service
The only WFM tool that makes proven and powerful Workforce Management Technology accessible, easy-to-use and valuable for every contact centre - at zero risk, with 100% flexibility and ultimate cost transparency.
A variety of features to facilitate your workforce management processes
All-in-one suite of applications that powers workforce management for contact centres of all sizes and helps you master any challenge in workforce planning.
Support
Our WFM experts are happy to provide personal support whenever needed to set you up for success.
Onboarding
Our workforce management (WFM) experts are happy to assist you with the successful injixo configuration.
Benefits of workforce management in the cloud
Secure
injixo runs on one of the most secure cloud computing environments available today and has been engineered to provide enterprise-grade security and safety for your data as well as maximum uptime. We guarantee minimum availability of 99.5% and we have consistently over-delivered since launch.
Scalable
Whether you have 50 or 5,000 agents, injixo scales with your needs. Just add and reduce capacity as you go. There is no need to upgrade and fine tune your server infrastructure, so that your IT department can focus on things that really matter.
No Capex
injixo provides incredibly fast payback. Since it’s delivered as a service in the cloud, you don’t need costly server hardware, upfront capital investment, a big IT project or ongoing maintenance costs. It may be the easiest business case you ever present.
Mobile
injixo helps you to manage your workforce anytime and anywhere. With our mobile-ready applications, you can easily run your contact centre and access your schedule on your phone or tablet while you are on the go.
Always up to date
injixo takes care of ongoing and seamless updates of all apps and the entire infrastructure, including security updates. Everything is always up to date, so that you can capitalize on the latest functionality and most recent operating environment without delay.
Fast
All you need is internet access to get started with injixo. No waiting for a lengthy software implementation project. With integrated online training, support from our experts and a strong community, you won’t believe how quickly you'll see results.
Our WFM heroes and their stories
No fairytales but true success stories. Check what our WFM heroes are saying about their injixo experience.
We ended up saving the business about 250k pounds. It took us 6 months to deliver that ROI
Why our Customers love what we do
Empower agents & team leaders
injixo improved our team members engagement levels. Team leaders no longer have to struggle as injixo forecast is accurate and the optimization does the hard work for them. injixo has literally changed our world!!
Stacie Babb
Contact Center Manager / Head of Planning
Hollywood Bowl Group
Easy to learn, simple to use
Simple to use and effective. With accurate forecasts, comprehensive scheduling and an easy to use ‘real time’ adherence monitor we have been able to reduce our budgeted FTE and achieved our SL every month.
Tim Milburn
Workforce Manager / Head of Planning
emovis
Quick ROI, considerable improvement in staffing
The improvement in staff hours being delivered to front line services had been so good that the product had paid for itself within the first 4 months of usage.
Gregory Fewnwy
Workforce Manager / Head of Planning
AXA Ireland
Happy agents, happy customers, happy end
We have maintained a 95% SL, reduced staffing levels by 3 FTE and achieved an average 98% call answer rate. Plus my employees are happier, see their rotas in advance and have the facility to easily swap shifts.
Stephanie McDowall
Operations Manager
Cresta Cars Manchester Ltd
Excellent and personal customer care at all times
I love the injixo team's flexibility, agility, and intense customer focus. Every time I have any question they not only are Johnny-on-the-spot, but go way past above and beyond to make sure I am cared for.
Lucas Davidson
Workforce Manager / Head of Planning
CCI Systems
Available in 7 languages
US English
UK English
German
French
Dutch
Italian
Spanish
Don't want to miss the latest WFM insights and best practices?
Subscribe to the injixo Newsletter and stay up to date with helpful articles, resources, tips, and hints around workforce management brought to you by independent industry experts to skyrocket your contact center planning. You will receive our monthly best practice newsletter to set you up for success and plan smarter.