Insights for your people, breakthroughs for your business
-
Teamwork
-
Employee Engagement
-
Leadership Development
-
Sales and Service
-
Change Management
Over five million people have experienced the power of Insights so far, from the world's leading organisations.
We bring self-awareness to people, teams, leaders and organisations. That’s where business breakthroughs happen.
We provide insights for your people - increasing their self-awareness, helping them form better relationships, and becoming more effective at their jobs.
Our tailored solutions will work for you; whether it's a series of workshops designed to help your teams work more productively, or a longer term programme based on leadership, culture or change, we’ll deliver the breakthroughs you’ve been searching for.
Self-understanding is transformative for your people; self-aware people are transformative for your business.Learn more
We want to create a world where people truly understand themselves and others, and are inspired to make a positive difference in everything they do.
If you're looking for support with teamwork, leadership, change, sales, service or employee engagement, you've come to the right place. Facing up to today's most pressing business challenges means finding the right people development partner for your organisation – and it all begins with self-understanding.
We help people understand why they choose to work the way they do, why others may make different choices, and what that might mean for the overall effectiveness of the team.
FIND OUT MORE
We create engaged organisations one employee at a time by making engagement part of everyone's conversation.
FIND OUT MORE
By shining a light on the relationships that each leader has with those around them, we help you see that a good leader can never be one size fits all.
FIND OUT MORE
The key to success in any organisation lies in the strength of the relationships that people build – and nowhere is that more true than in customer-facing teams.
FIND OUT MORE
With close to five million personal profiles produced to date, our customers know that Insights Discovery is the real deal when it comes to enhanced self-awareness. Now it's your turn.Learn more about Insights Discovery Explore all Products
We helped NHS Gateshead reduce absence by 92.5%, by opening up the channels of communication between staff and reducing overwhelming stress levels.
When people learn how to adapt their approach to get the very best from their colleagues, solid business improvements follow.
Watch the video then explore more of the great companies we work with, and the impact we can have, visit our case studies page then get in touch.View the case study
We’re proud to underpin the success of British Cycling, by helping the coaches and athletes make the most of their natural gifts and leave their weaknesses behind.
Sporting success starts with self-awareness, and that’s where every Insights journey begins.
Check out our video and read about more of our customer success stories by visiting our case studies page.View our latest case studies
John Lewis is famous for its commitment to great customer service. We helped them turn that people focus inside the organisation, leading to better teamwork and an enhanced understanding of why others work the way that they do.
Because when people enjoy working together, it doesn’t feel like work at all.
To understand the impact that working with Insights can have on your organisation watch our short video then click the link to read our case studies.View our latest case studies
Iceland are in the top 20 Best Big Companies to Work For in the UK, and partnering with Insights to create a culture of engagement has helped them get there.
Watch the video to find out how we helped their individuals, teams and leaders work well together, leading to higher productivity, reduction in turnover, and better customer service.
To find out more about how we help companies get the very best from their people, no matter the challenges they’re facing, click the link below.View our latest case studies
People across Australia and New Zealand will benefit from greater access to Insights learning and development solutions, and our team of experts.Read more
Insight
Registration is now open for our Insights Live conferences in New York City and Dublin.
Change Management
Because we understand that transition is a personal and internal process, we help teams, departments and entire organisations get to the same place together.
This two-day event will be full of what’s new at Insights, ways to employ learning journeys and a chance to hear from fellow Insights practitioners and exciting key note speakers.
This two-day event will be full of what’s new at Insights, ways to employ learning journeys and a chance to hear from fellow Insights practitioners and exciting key note speakers.
Some of these cookies are essential, while others help us to improve your experience by providing insights into how the site is being used.
For more detailed information on the cookies we use, please check our Privacy Policy
Necessary cookies enable core functionality. The website cannot function properly without these cookies, and can only be disabled by changing your browser preferences.