Do you want to keep the love alive in your marriage? Are you looking for ways to be a better husband to your wife? If you are on your way to enhancing your hubby skills, then check out these simple tips below on how you can make your wife feel special. 1. Prepare her … [Read more...] about 15 Simple Ways to Make Your Wife Feel Special
8 Ways to Make Your Wife Feel More Secure
Is your wife getting paranoid about your loyalty? Has she been doubting your fidelity or do you find it hard to get her trust? Well, probably it is because she feels insecure in your marriage. Her insecurity could be the result of trust issues brought by painful experiences—or … [Read more...] about 8 Ways to Make Your Wife Feel More Secure
Find and Keep a Friend Like This
Find and keep a friend who always does good things for you even though you mistakenly hurt her or him sometimes. Someone who is patient to continue showing you gestures of goodwill even if you are angry with her or him and you’re not on speaking terms. Someone who does not … [Read more...] about Find and Keep a Friend Like This
10 Ways to Stay on Social Media Without Being Annoying
Block, unfollow, unsubscribe those are only some of the things you can do when someone in your social media world is annoying. You hate seeing posts from certain accounts because they invoke the feeling of annoyance, confusion, or hatred. The thing is, how sure are you that you … [Read more...] about 10 Ways to Stay on Social Media Without Being Annoying
5 Common Reasons Why Girlfriends Get Mad
Does your girlfriend often pick fights with you? Do you usually find yourself in an argument with your girlfriend either before, during, or after a date? Are the so-called “lovers’ quarrels” becoming more frequent? Well, it is common for you to encounter arguments, as there is … [Read more...] about 5 Common Reasons Why Girlfriends Get Mad
5 Ways to be Confident in Yourself as a Woman
How is it like to be a confident woman? You may have seen a lot of women who took the stand and spoke and committed to the things they believe in, may it be in politics, society, science, and the arts. Other girls meanwhile carry the courage to speak about the things they believe … [Read more...] about 5 Ways to be Confident in Yourself as a Woman