Chapter 1: It Isn't Your Fault! Lawyers & Law Firms Have Been
Brainwashed. You'll learn how this has
happened and how to easily change that.
Chapter 2: Could This Happen to You? Worse Yet, Would You Even Know? 97% of all Lawyers & Law Firms are NOT properly protected. Which are you or do you even know?
Chapter 3: So You Think You Can Never Get Sued? Lawyers & Law Firms get sued all of the time - and better be protected!
Chapter 4: Lightning Fast Mother Nature can put you out of business and you aren't even aware of how much at risk that you are.
Chapter 5: Business Income and Outcome So
you have a claim, what about rent, paying key employees, and most importantly
your pay and profit.
Chapter 6: Running Errands to Ruination Sending an employee or even yourself on company business in a personally owned vehicle is as dangerous as driving blindfolded.
Chapter 7: Earthquakes, Floods, Harassment, Discrimination, Termination - The Grisly Gremlins You are exposed to this EVERY day and it will put you out of business, GUARANTEED if you don't address this easily and affordably.
Chapter 8: More Than Hurt Feelings Workers Comp Protection and most especially pricing continue to be a major mystery and how to change that to save thousands!
Chapter 9: Specialist Who Own Their Own Business Just Like You Why you want and deserve a Lawyers & Law Firm Insurance specialist who knows your business in and out
"I Had No Idea"
"Just finished reading The Naked Lawyer and was I ever fooled by doing business with a nice enough guy that goes to my church yet knows very little on how to properly protect my Law Firm. The best part is that I could actually call Michael Carroll and with one simple call I was able to plug fatal gaps in my Lawyers Professional Liability Insurance that would have put me out of business."
Chuck Boyk, Charles E Boyk Law Offices
"Talk About A Wake Up Call"
"By reading The Naked Lawyer Michael saved me time I might have wasted by explaining my coverage and whom to contact. Stacie was prompt explained my coverage and how Insuring Lawyer could be of help. When I have a question about my coverage or a claim you and your team have been most helpful. Thank you both for your outstanding service. I have been very satisfied."
Sheldon Slaybod Casey & Slaybod
"Easy Read YET A Game Changer For Me"
"Michael, SUPERB job in your book The Naked Lawyer by taking me from a limited policy where I thought I was adequately protected and just wasn't. It is so reassuring to have a specialist who protects me properly for my Lawyers Professional Liability and even saved me thousands of dollars too! Way to go Michael!"
Hal
Burke Scheer, Green, & Burke
Special Offer For Lawyers & Law Firms Owners Only: Get A FREE Video
That Reveals The #1 Secret To Discover How You Can Avoid The Single Biggest
Fatal Mistake 99% Of ALL Restaurateurs Have On Their Lawyers Professional Liability, Workers Comp, and Business
Insurance And Don't Even Know It Which Will Put You Out of Business!