If you are not fully satisfied we will refund your money.
The price you sign up for is your guaranteed price for Shared Hosting.
Register or Transfer your domain for $1.99 with the purchase of any web hosting package.
Privately owned and operated in Secaucus, N.J.
For a standard shared hosting migration please have a full cpanel backup ready for download. You do not need to upload it to your new interserver shared hosting account, however doing so will save some time. The current interserver account should have no data in it, as the backup will overwrite any data.More Information
SitePad is a website editor designed to make building websites easy and fun. Sitepad is available for free with our standard web hosting plan. With over 300+ themes, SitePad offers a wide array of categories that cater to all of your website design needs. To make the process simpler, the app offers a one click publisher, making changes easier than ever. Additionally, SitePad provides 40+ widgets which are tools designed to make your website experience easier. To top it all off, SitePad comes with full integration with popular control panels like cPanel, Plesk, and DirectAdmin; all provided here at InterServer! More Information
InterServer shared hosting offers guaranteed email delivery of valid, non spam, and non bulk emails through the shared hosting service with the addition of compromised email detection and spam blocking. A compromised email account will be automatically detected preventing problems such as IP blacklisting. See our Private Email Hosting page for more details. More Information
Register or Transfer your domain for $1.99 with the purchase of any web hosting package. More Information
Unable to navigate the command line in a linux server? If so, cPanel provides website owners with a linux based control panel that gets rid of the confusion you may have had when trying to maintain your website without it. cPanel provides tools for admins, resellers, and end-user website owners to successfully manage and control their website all through a simple web browser. cPanel works best on a dedicated or virtual private servers that run CentOS, Red Hat Enterprise Linux, FreeBSD, and Cloud Linux. More Information
Blogging and website content management system accelerated by the world's fastest browser nginx. InterServer's accelerator wordpresses runs on a VPS and is pre-installed with the latest wordpress and preconfigured with FastCGI, nginx caching and Xcache php caching software. More Information
Our goal is to ensure that your hosting experience is one less thing you need to
worry about when running your online business
Industry leading reliability of service and content delivery. We partner with Cloudflare and utilize their global network of caching data center.
Utilizing only 50% of available resources allows us to support the growth of our customer's websites without experiencing performance isues
Our dedicated support team is available around the clock to help with any issues you may encounter. You can contact us via live chat, phone or ticket system anytime day or night.
Our dedicated support team is available around the clock to help with any issues you may encounter. Our goal is to ensure that your hosting experience is one less thing you need to worry about when it comes to running your online business.
Are you expecting something more from our hosting service? If yes, then know that you can switch to Macintosh web hosting from the same account anytime. Get more details here.