You might be surprised to find out how often it touches your daily life.
How often do you use encryption?
2020 Internet Society Board of Trustees Elections
The Internet Society Nominations Committee is now inviting nominations for candidates to serve on the Board of Trustees.
Working for an open, globally-connected, secure, and trustworthy Internet for everyone.
The latest
Up-to-date news and articles about Internet Society and Internet issues around the globe.
Nominations Now Open for 2020 Internet Society Board of Trustees Elections
If you or someone you know is interested in serving on the Internet Society Board of Trustees, nominations are...
What to Look for When Choosing a VPN
We welcome this guest post from Top10VPN.com, an Organization Member of the Internet Society. The search for online privacy...
Securing the Internet: Introducing Oracle Internet Intelligence IXP Filter Check
Oracle is an Organization Member of the Internet Society. We welcome this guest post announcing a new tool that...
Your Day with Encryption
How often do you use encryption? It seems like the stuff of spy films, but you might be surprised...
The Week in Internet News: A Fight over Community Broadband in Missouri
Broadband battle: Missouri law prohibits cities from launching their own broadband services, but some groups are pushing again that...
Meet Three APrIGF 2019 Fellows
The Internet Society, APNIC, and Coordination Center for TLD .RU sponsored 20 fellows to the 10th Asia Pacific Regional Internet Governance...
The Internet Society supports the work of the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) to create open standards for the Internet.
Get Involved
By connecting the world, working with others, and advocating for equal access to the Internet, the Internet Society strives to make the world a better place.
Nominations for 2020 Board of Trustees Election Now Open
Are you passionate about preserving the global, open Internet? Deadline: 6 December 2019Nominate someone for Board of Trustees!
Count My Voice
An Internet that's developed by only a few voices cannot be an 'Internet for Everyone.'#CountMyVoice too!
Switch It On!
Support our call to the nations of the world to #SwitchItOn and #KeepItOn.#SwitchItOn
#GetIoTSmart
When we all #GetIoTSmart, we all win. Learn what IoT and device security mean to you.#GetIoTSmart
Resources
Promoting the open development, evolution, and use of the Internet for the benefit of all people throughout the world.
-
Report on the Asia-Pacific Regional Community Networks Summit 2019
Meeting report from the Asia-Pacific Regional Community Networks (CN) Summit 2019, held in Bangkok, Thailand on 29 August 2019....
-
European Regional Bureau Newsletter – 4 – 11 October 2019
Internet Access Global: Microsoft plans to roll out internet access to 40 Million People by 2022 Microsoft has announced...
-
Online Trust Audit – 2020 U.S. Presidential Campaigns
Executive Summary Data protection, privacy, and security have dominated recent headlines, leading to increased scrutiny across multiple industry sectors,...
-
European Regional Bureau Newsletter – 28 September – 4 October 2019
Internet Access European Community Networks Summit: ISOC is organising an international conference on community networks The Internet Society is...
-
Kilima: Highlights from ISOC Africa – September 2019
Africa Regional Bureau Newsletter for August 2019
-
European Regional Bureau Newsletter – 21 – 27 September 2019
Internet Access Global: Internet growth around the world has stalled according to a new report The Broadband Commission for...