Use our School Search to find a U.S. college or university now!
Ranked within the top 5 US colleges with the happiest students, Auburn is a university you’ll want to consider. Study at one of the largest universities in the southern United States and see why it receives so many awards.Learn more
Adelphi is a highly awarded, nationally ranked university that offers exceptional programs in Arts and Humanities, STEM and Social Sciences, the Business and Education Professions, and Health and Wellness. Plus, it’s located just 40 minutes away from New York City!Learn more
Students who pick American University are choosing to study in the exciting city of Washington D.C., at one of the top 100 universities in the US. See if this institution that’s leading global education is a good option for you.Learn more
96% of University of Dayton graduates find success which means students can expect great things from Dayton! Also, with its central location in the US it’s a great launching point to visit other great US cities.Learn more
Studying internationally at the University of Kansas - Academic Accelerator means having academic and English support, help transitioning to the U.S., and career assistance. Learn more!Learn more
Florida International University Global First Year provides support services, instruction tailored to your academic and language level, and cultural experiences for international students, helping ensure future success. Learn more!Learn more
The International Student and Scholar Office at UMass Boston works with more than 2,400 students and 300 scholars from more than 100 countries. The school welcomes students into a vibrant international community. Learn more!Learn more
The International Student Association at Louisiana State University - Global Pathway organizes various programs and social activities that include cultural music, dance, and exhibition in which students from over 100 countries are brought together.Learn more
UOP International has three distinct campuses united under one common goal: to educate and prepare the leaders of tomorrow through intensive academic study, experiential learning, and service to the community.Learn more
Trying to reach more international students? Want to feature your school or product in front of 9 million students?
Our Study Centers offer comprehensive, custom advice for students that want to study in the USA, the UK, and Australia, and for US students studying abroad. Each center offers information about the country, the culture, the climate, etc., but will also provide you with detailed information about the education system, a timeline for applying to schools, and how you can prepare yourself to study there.
Breaking it down even further, we offer a full US State Guide that gives deeper insight into studying in each of the 50 US states. And the newest and most comprehensive Study Centers yet are our Study by Subject Centers – offering articles and insight on studying 49 different subject areas, from Architecture, Aviation and Agriculture, to Web Design and Video Game Development.
Keeping up-to-date with current international and study abroad information is key when planning your international education journey. By creating a free account on InternationalStudent.com you will have access to premium content that provides you with crucial information, no matter where you are in the application process. Your account will also create a customized student dashboard just for you that shows you schools you've contacted, schools you should consider attending, our scholarship and loan search tool, and other special perks like:
Create a free account and enjoy your special access.
For international students, traveling from all corners of the world to school and back and forth to see family can be expensive. Thankfully we have the best discounted student airfare prices around, allowing you to visit home more often. Search our cheap student airfare deals and save money on your next trip!
Our Student Travel Center also features homestays, where you can find a family to live with and truly be immersed in the local culture. You can also search for rail passes, youth hostels, student discount cards, rental cars and everything else you need to travel on a student budget. We know that student travel is different than other travel – especially the budgets – and we look for those travel tools students really need.
Writing a college application essay or scholarship essay is a huge challenge for any student – but writing one in your second language, for readers from another country, is doubly difficult. Our essay writing center breaks down the challenge with practical guidance for writing essays in general, with more specific tips for writing college admission essay and essays for scholarship applications. We also make several sample essays available, so you can get a clear idea of what works.
Resume writing is also difficult, but when you are looking for a job there is no single piece of paper that is more important! Our Resume Writing Center offers guidance to help international students put together a winning resume.