Real-life information
This was both a great refresher of information that I had already been taught and a source of valuable new information that will be applicable no matter what job I go into. Lindsay D’Angelo, United States of America
IOA is your one-stop shop for professional development, personal growth, and goal fulfillment. We empower students to live the life they love by delivering diverse and easy to use courses right to your screen. From making a career change to exploring new hobbies or interests, we have courses to tackle a wide spectrum of life’s challenges. Watch the video to see how we can support your goals!
Top Quality Education. International Certification.
This was both a great refresher of information that I had already been taught and a source of valuable new information that will be applicable no matter what job I go into. Lindsay D’Angelo, United States of America
I enjoyed the design and layout of the IOA site and material. When I needed assistance, the Academy responded within a day which was so helpful. And, of course, the discounts are helpful to continue education Nadin Tataryn, Canada
I liked the ease of use and the grading system. Everything is easy to use and exams being graded straight away takes the anxiety out of waiting for results. Renae Rees, Australia
I like how IOA makes things easy to understand and their courses get right to the most important and useful information. That knowledge can be used right away in the relevant line of work. I learned so much from this course. The courses are designed to present the most helpful information in a concise manner. Peter Rowbottom, Canada
The support team has helped me and even congratulated me once I finished the course which was something I wasn't expecting; but it was nice to feel like you had friend that helped you accomplish something that you've wanted to do Kiya Childers, United States of America
Course modules are very informative I am currently taking a Special Needs course (I work as a Sub in my local school district for SEN students) I learned so much more than I would from just working with the students. I know how to approach them and teach them better. Alyssa Lopez, Australia