Intro Maker | All Templates | Page 1
Step 1
Browse templates by category, keyword, duration, or customization options. Whether you need an animated logo video, a gaming intro, or something to promote your book club, IntroCave has got a template for you.
Step 2
Upload your logo, fill out a few fields, and BAM! Your free preview video will usually render in under three minutes. Full HD videos typically render in 2 HOURS OR LESS.
Step 3
A good intro is a start, but you need to pair it with quality content. You've got it covered. Add your new intro video and you're ready to face the world.
Step 4
A professional intro video won't turn you in to a unicorn, and I can't guarantee that you'll be a star. But—just maybe—you've been a star all along. If a slick looking intro gives you a little more confidence to get out there, what are you waiting for?
Building a video from scratch requires time, skill, and knowledge of highly specific animation tools. Hiring professionals is expensive and doing it yourself can take a ton of time. Use the IntroCave Intro Maker and get back to growing your channel or business.
Don't take our word for it! We have thousands of happy users that also use our intro maker to get their customizable video intros. Take a look at our massive video intro library. We are sure we have the perfect video intro for your next project.
Are you looking for video intros for YouTube, Vimeo, Twitch, or Facebook? How about intro videos for businesses, products, blogs, vlogs, or websites? No matter what the case is, we will have the custom logo animation you need for your cause.
Creating a video intro with our intro maker is super easy! After you pick a video intro, just fill out a simple form that will customize your intro video. In seconds, you will receive a preview of your customized video intro.
When you are satisfied with your video preview results, you can order the high definition version (1080p) without any watermarks! After a successful payment through our secure gateway, you will receive a unique link to download your HD video.
Our intro creator can be used to create outros as well! So what are you waiting for? Choose one of our many templates and use our intro maker to create your custom video intro or outro today!