Able2Extract Professional
PDF Converter, Editor and Viewer
Everything PDF
Able2Extract Professional is TRUSTED BY:
and over 250.000 users.
Desktop PDF Converter and Editor
Able2Extract Professional
Cover all aspects of your PDF work on your desktop:
- Convert PDF files to all major formats including Excel, Word, CAD, PowerPoint…
- Extract scanned PDF content to editable documents using OCR.
- Edit PDF content, manipulate pages and forms in real time.
- Convert hundreds of files in one go with batch conversion and custom templates.
- Bulletproof your PDFs with advanced PDF encryption and file permissions.
- Add signatures to your PDFs and validate PDF signatures you receive. New
Other PDF Solutions
PDF Developer Tools
We provide developers with components that let them add PDF conversion features to their applications. All developer tools come as a Software Development Kit (SDK) - a collection of methods compiled, linked and stored in a dynamic-link library (DLL).
Learn more...
Server PDF Solutions
Absolute PDF Server combines both Able2Extract PDF extraction server and Sonic PDF creation server into a single server-side product. Solve your whole organization’s document management needs with the help of our PDF server products.
Learn more...
What people are saying about our tools
Real, actual, honest-to-goodness PDF conversion. No one else does it better than Able2Extract. Adobe is terrible; NitroPro is great at editing, but not at conversion; Microsoft is ... well, you know. We were having a hard time with some associated companies who insisted on sending scans of financial information, etc. instead of sending us the original Excel spreadsheets. Some Wall Street banker friends told us to get Able2Extract, and frankly, it changed our lives! Now I can actually see my kids instead of just looking at their photos.
Case studies
Able2Extract Professional is trusted by 90% of the Fortune 100 with more than 250,000 licensed users, operating in 135 countries worldwide. Being the expert’s choice for a PDF converter and editor, it serves people in various industries, including accounting, finance, construction, real estate, legal and many more. See how successful businesses use Able2Extract Professional to fuel their growth: