Our roots in Africa
African Countries present some of the greater challenges when it comes to protecting Intellectual Property. Our local presence and experience is paramount to attain a high standard of service quality.Learn more
Our Services
Invest, Create, Protect
Registering your Intellectual Property is the only way to actually own the work that you do and the investments that you make.
A well thought out Intellectual Property strategy is critical to innovation and success. Without it, businesses and individuals will not be able to reap the full benefits of their investments in branding and R&D.About Us Contact Us
Protection is everything
Inventa International specializes in Trademarks, Patents, Domains, Designs, Copyright and other forms of Intellectual Property protection.
We strategize, implement and maintain the proper protection for you and your business. With a complete toolkit of both preemptive and reactive Intellectual Property protection services, we are in a unique position to help ensure that what's yours stays yours.Contact Us
Portfolio Management
Managing a lot of Intellectual Property assets in multiple jurisdictions can be difficult and time consuming.
At Inventa International, we try to alleviate the hassle by assigning you a dedicated account manager, giving you access to a well designed and secure client login, having important alerts delivered to your Email box, and even having a consolidated billing option available[*].
* Subject to approval by our staff.
Internationalization
Entering a new market is always challenging. More often than not it will require additional logistics, adapting to regulations and new consumers to understand and manage. At Inventa International, we know it's also very important to safeguard your Intellectual Property assets on that territory to avoid future headaches. So our advice is really very simple: "First protect it, then export it".
Inventa International operates directly in many countries, through our network of offices and local representatives. We also have long term partnerships with associated offices throughout the world for local representation in any other country.Contact Us
Where we are
Latest news
Stay up to date with news from the Intellectual Property world, opinions from our experts and company updates
Send us a message
Territory List
There are no results for your search.
Cart
Your cart is empty.