Cheap Parcel Delivery with ipostparcels
Are you looking for a cheap courier service? Here at ipostparcels we are a leading parcel delivery service
that can provide you with an express delivery that is incredibly competitive
with other courier companies.
Not on Comparison Sites
You won’t find us on parcel delivery comparison sites because we want to keep the
costs down for you. If we’re not paying a middleman that means we’re not charging
you more. For you that means getting the most competitive prices for parcel delivery
and courier services that no one else can beat!
Biggest Delivery Network in the UK
With over 50 depots located throughout the UK, you can drop and pick up your parcel;
saving you money and time.
We have the largest delivery network in the UK with courier drivers delivering and
collecting parcels 6 days a week (Mon – Sat). That makes us reliable, fast and competitive!
We’re not just a courier and delivery company though, we pick-up and collect too.
Don’t want to go to our depot? Not keen on queuing at the Post Office? How about
we come to your door, pick-up your parcel and our courier drivers deliver it to
where your chosen destination.
Your Parcel Delivered Next Day
Need your parcel to arrive next day? How about we collect your parcel from your
home or work and then deliver it to your chosen destination the very next day? All
in one service for a great low price. Parcel delivery just doesn’t get better than
that.
Tracking your Parcel from “Dispatched” to “Delivered”
If you’re sending or receiving a parcel from us, you can simply track its journey
from start to finish via our easy-to-use website. We’ll tell you exactly where your
parcel is and the approximate time it’ll be delivered. Our tracking device is that
accurate, you’ll get to see the stop that our driver is currently at!
Additionally, you can choose a delivery slot making receiving a parcel much easier.
This means, your recipient will always be around when our driver arrives.
eBay Delivery and Collection
Whether you’re an eBay seller or buyer you’ll find our eBay services equally as
wonderful as our standard services.
As a seller you can link your account directly to our system making our delivery
service even more convenient. You’ll receive accurate delivery costs and live tracking,
so you’ll be able to keep your customer updated on the status of their item. If
you’re an eBay buyer and you’ve seen something you love that’s ‘pick up only’, we’ll
go and collect your item from the seller and then deliver it straight to your door
– easy as that. Now that’s an offer you can’t beat!
International Parcel Delivery
Not only do we offer the cheapest UK parcel delivery, we also provide the cheapest
international delivery. Wherever in the world you need to send a parcel, we can
get it there for at a great price. From x-small to xx-large parcel sizes, our courier
service will deliver your parcel safely and securely.