IQ ACCOUNTING SOLUTIONS
Regular Hours (Central Time):
Mon - Fri 8:00 AM to 6:00 PM
Overtime:
Mon - Fri 6:00 PM to 9:00 PM
Saturday 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM
Based in Tulsa, OK, on-site service is provided in Oklahoma as well as northwest Arkansas and southwest Missouri.
Telephone, remote, and email support is provided nation-wide.
scollins@iqacct.com
10611 E 17th Pl Tulsa, OK 74128
918-851-9713
Small Business Accounting Software Specialist
Success in business requires more than just being the best at what you do. You also need to manage your business well. Just as you need certain tools to do what you do, you also need the right tools to run your business. That is why you need the right accounting software.
Whether your goal is to:
IQ Accounting Solutions is here to help you choose the right accounting software for your business, install it, train you and your staff on how to use it, and provide ongoing support.
Sage 50 (Peachtree) remote technical support
Training - remote or on site
Financial statements Design
Data Repair
Don't know what I would do without you.
Patsy Wolf
Aceco Valve Inc.
You are the best-- glad to have found you!!! You have bailed me out of many messes!!
Kathy Butler.
Jim Butler Construction Co.
WHAT WOULD WE DO WITHOUT YOU?
Your knowledge is unbelievable and I appreciate you so much!
Connie Murray
F.H. Kaysing Co. of Wichita
It has been a great working relationship for many years and our company appreciates you and your character.
Nancy Cummings
C.G. Martin Co.
The shortest distance between two points is Steve.
Rick Smith
John 3:16 Mission
I truly appreciate all you do for us.
Sharry McGuire
Bentonville Casting Co, Inc.
918-851-9713
scollins@iqacct.com
Sage 50 Intelligence Reports
Custom Forms
Crystal Reports
Software Installation
I provide telephone & remote support on a per minute basis, or on-site service by the hour.
There are no contracts to buy. I’ll even let you describe your issue to me and give you an estimate if you like before you commit to anything.
I’ll support any version of Sage 50/Peachtree old or new. Staying on a recent version is generally a good practice. But it’s up to you to decide what’s right for your business. My job is to help you get the most out of the software you choose.
Every time you call you will talk to me, not a random person in a call center.
I’m a Sage Solution Provider and Master Certified Consultant with a bachelor’s degree in accounting. I’ve been providing Sage 50/Peachtree support since 1997.
What can IQ Accounting Solutions Do For You?
Helping Businesses Succeed