Office Info
Iqra Arsalan
Desjardins Insurance Agent, Mississauga, ON 1900 Dundas Street West
Unit 12
Mississauga Ontario, L5K 1P9 Dundas & Erin Mills intersection
Iqra Arsalan
Desjardins Insurance Agent, Mississauga, ON 1900 Dundas Street West
Unit 12
Mississauga Ontario, L5K 1P9 Dundas & Erin Mills intersection
1900 Dundas Street West
Unit 12
Mississauga Ontario, L5K 1P9 Dundas & Erin Mills intersection
1900 Dundas Street West Mississauga, ON
L5K 1P9
Dundas & Erin Mills intersectionMap & Directions
Certified Chartered Insurance Professional
12 years of Insurance industry experience
Proudly serving Mississauga, Brampton & GTA
Focusing on Car Insurance, Home Insurance & Condo Insurance
Combine Home and Auto insurance and save with multi vehicle & multi line
Buying a car ? Get a free car quote today
Focusing on Life Insurance & Health Insurance
Need information on Financial Services, reach us today
Focusing on Business Insurance & Commercial Insurance
Starting a business, get protection for your premises
Focusing on Renters Insurance & Tenant Insurance
Let us show you how to save on premiums
We offer health & dental coverage for families and small businesses
Customer Service is our top priority
Let us take care of you , Just a click away
Your bags are packed, your tank is full and you’re ready to hit the road. Get to your destination safely with driving tips for your big road trip.
Improving your home's curb appeal is important for you, your neighbours and potential buyers. The exterior of a house leaves a lasting first impression, whether good or bad. Even if you’re not selling, keeping up the lawn and landscaping are essential to your home’s curb appeal.
Did you know that if your dog bites someone at the park, you could end up with the medical bills? And if your child posts defamatory information online, you may owe for damages? Even if someone is accidentally injured while on your property, you may be the one liable.
Please correct the following:
We don't do business, we connect and treat you like gold, We explain you what you need based on our one to one discussion. We speak English, Hindi, Urdu, Punjabi, Farsi, Dari, Arabic, Portuguese. Our top priority is to make sure you are protected and happy because this matters to us. We simply Deliver. We put our hearts at work for you and what's most important to you Your Family.
Customer Service Manager
Insurance Account Representative