Iridium and Thales Expand Partnership to Deliver Aircraft Connectivity Services
Iridium announced Thales as the newest Iridium Certus aviation service provider. While already developing the Iridium Certus-based FlytLINK terminal and antenna, Thales will now be able to offer both Iridium Certus terminals and connectivity services to business jets, commercial aircraft, rotorcraft, general aviation, and UAVs.
Iridium Introduces Midband Service with Iridium CertusTM 9770 Transceiver
Small and highly mobile, like previous Iridium® devices, the state-of-the-art Iridium Certus 9770 transceiver enables faster satellite IoT, data, and high quality voice applications. Iridium also announced the first 10 approved beta partners developing new small-form factor satellite-enabled devices for maritime, aviation, land-mobile, Internet of Things (IoT) and government applications based on the Iridum Certus 9770.
New Era for Safety at Sea as First-ever Iridium® GMDSS Terminal is Unveiled
Iridium and partner Lars Thrane unveil the first Iridium Connected® terminal to provide Global Maritime Distress and Safety System services. The LT-3100S terminal will provide mariners with lifesaving GMDSS capabilities for 100% of the planet’s waterways. Iridium GMDSS services are expected to launch in January 2020.
IMOCA Appoints Iridium its Official Communications Partner
The International Monohull Open Class Association (IMOCA) has appointed Iridium as their Official Communications Partner for the 2019-2021 race season, as well as partner Thales as the sole provider of Iridium Certus® L-Band broadband equipment. Race teams will rely on Iridium Certus for satellite communications during several races, including the prestigious Vendée Globe race.
Truly Global Communications
In a world where global communications are increasingly essential, only one company connects everyone to the things that matter most, from pole to pole. Iridium is a satellite communications company that offers voice and data connectivity anywhere in the world.
Your World. Our Network.SM
Through an expansive partner network driven by the collaboration of more than 400 leading technology companies and powered by Iridium core technologies, we are advancing the way enterprises, governments, and individuals communicate every day. The Iridium partner ecosystem leverages our partners’ specialized knowledge to deliver innovative solutions to users across a diverse set of industries around the globe.
Corporate Citizenship
Through our support of education, sustainability initiatives, disaster preparedness and relief, and our philanthropic efforts, we try to do our part to make the world a better place. We strive to set examples for those we work with, for, and around with high standards of corporate citizenship. Please follow the links below for more information.
Join Us in Saying #flarewell
Iridium is committed to both ensuring the sustainability of LEO networks in the future and serving as the leading example of what it means to be a responsible steward of space. As we replaced the original Iridium constellation, we have been retiring and deorbiting our first-generation satellites – which are taking their Iridium Flares with them. Help us pay tribute to these special streaks as we say #flarewell to the few remaining first-generation satellites in the sky and welcome the future of our new network!
The Iridium Blog
Learn more about Iridium and the satellite industry, stay up-to-date on the latest Iridium news, and read stories from Iridium partners, users, and employees on the Iridium Blog.
Partner Ecosystem
Iridium is proud to support a strong partner ecosystem driven by value-added collaboration, powered by Iridium core technologies and focused on delivering global communications solutions that connect people and information in exciting new way.