Nel 2020 l’History Activity Committee della Sezione Italiana di IEEE ha promosso una collana di Note eterogenee di argomento storico. La prima Nota, intitolata “La storia di IEEE in Italia nei primi sessant’anni” a cura di Antonio Savini, ha visto la
IEEE Milestone LIGO-Virgo
The IEEE Milestones program honors significant technical achievements in all areas associated with IEEE. It is a program of the IEEE History Committee, administered through the IEEE History Center. Milestones recognize the technological innovation and excellence for the benefit of
IEEE Milestone Galileo Ferraris – Ceremony
On January 21 at 3.30 pm, by the Politecnico di Torino was held the dedication ceremony for the Milestone “Rotating Fields and Early Induction Motors, 1885-1888” with the citation: “Galileo Ferraris, professor at the Italian Industrial Museum (now Polytechnic) of
IEEE Milestones Program: Milestone Galileo Ferraris – January 21, 2021
The IEEE Milestones program honors significant technical achievements in all areas associated with IEEE. It is a program of the IEEE History Committee, administered through the IEEE History Center. Milestones recognize the technological innovation and excellence for the benefit of
IEEE Italy Section Humanitarian Committee and YP Meeting
Dear Members, below you find the flyer of the Italy Section Humanitarian Committee and YP Meeting scheduled on January 15, 2021. The meeting will first provide an overview of the IEEE Humanitarian Committee Activities (HAC). Then, a round table will focus on
Congratulations to the new IEEE Fellow 2021
Congratulations to the newly elevated Italian IEEE Fellow: Prof. Gianluca Antonelli, Cassino, Italy – for contributions to modeling and control of underwater robot Prof. Gabriella Cincotti, Rome, Italy – for contributions to planar photonic devices and beam diffraction in anisotropic
On-line Lecture Series on “Smart, Pervasive and Mobile Systems Engineering”
The next talk of the lecture series on “Smart, Pervasive and Mobile Systems Engineering”, organized by IEEE Italy Section SMC – System Man and Cybernetics Chapter (Chair Prof. G. Fortino), is scheduled on 11 December 2020, 12-13 CET Dr. Mohammad
Special meeting IEEE SYP with Industry 10 December 2020 – live video streaming
IEEE Italy Section announces the Special meeting IEEE SYP with Industry. This special meeting is structured in three parts. In the first part IEEE and IEEE Italy Section activities for industry is presented with a special sight on IEEE SYP
IEEE ELECTIONS 2020 RESULTS
The voting membership of IEEE annually elects officers that serve on the top-tier IEEE governing bodies. This year, three members of the Italy Section were elected. Congratulations to: Franco Maloberti, University of Pavia, elected as IEEE Division I Delegate-Elect/Director-Elect, 2021 Cecilia
IEEE Day 2020 on ieee.tv
The Joint event of Italy and Switzerland Sections for IEEE Day 2020 was a very successful event. This is the link here to access on ieee.tv the Life Members Session: “The Microchip Revolution and Bruno Murari’s flash back on BCD