IT Services Available to South County Missouri Businesses
Managed IT Services IT Consulting Project Assistance
Cloud Services Education IT Services & Solutions IT Security
HIPAA Consulting Services Application Services Computers & Equipment Sales
Remote Support Risk Analysis Point-of-Sale Systems
Professional IT Solutions for Your South County MO Business
Serving Affton, Bella Villa, Concord, Green Park, Lakeshire, Lemay, Mehlville, Oakville, Wilbur Park and surrounding South County Communities
Trust Our IT Services for Your Business
Need a strong computer network to support your growing business? It’s time you called your local IT services professionals for the help you need to secure your company’s online dealings. At Sidebarr Technologies, we provide IT and computer solutions to customers throughout South St. Louis County including the communities of Affton, Bella Villa, Concord, Green Park, Lakeshire, Lemay, Mehlville, Oakville, Wilbur Park & all surrounding areas. As a family-owned business, we know that protecting your business is vitally important to your well-being. With that in mind, we’re here to set you up with cloud services, IT security and other services that help your business thrive!
IT Consulting
Does your computer network make your business better or worse? Easier or more difficult? Faster or slower? When it comes to business, IT has the power to hold you back or take you further. At Sidebarr Technologies, we use our knowledge of computer networks, internet security and other vital topics to build your business a strong, reliable computer network that carries you as far as you want to go. Contact our staff for an evaluation of your business’ network and what you can do to streamline, increase security and more.
IT Security Solutions
Does your business do business online? Are you making digital transactions and correspondence? If so, all information associated with your business could be out there for hackers and other nefarious characters. With IT security solutions from Sidebarr, your business will be monitored and protected from the most advanced techniques that hackers use to steal social security numbers, bank account numbers, credit card information, employee information and more.
Your Source for Computers, Equipment and Software
You can’t do business online if you can’t get online. Sidebarr Technologies can also help outfit your business with the equipment it needs to be a powerful online presence. From servers and server equipment to computers, monitors, mice and more, we’ve got access to equipment at a range of price points to ensure we can find what’s best for you. Contact our staff for more details about computer equipment, pricing and more.
Experienced IT Professionals
When it comes to IT, you want someone that understands how the internet and data affect your business online and locally. Sidebar Technologies has experience providing IT services and computer services to businesses and individuals all over South County. From Affton down to Oakville and over to Sunset Hills, we’re always just one phone call away for all your IT needs!
Why Choose Sidebarr Technologies?
We know that you could go anywhere for IT services. With that in mind, we make it our goal to provide the very best in IT services with personalized customer care that lets you now your company is being monitored and protected at all times. Here are just a few reasons that South St. Louis County businesses choose us!
- Locally Owned & Operated
- Over 25 Years’ Experience (Est. 1993)
- Authorized Dealer of MicroSale & QSR Products
- Discover, MasterCard & Visa Accepted
- Highly-Trained, Friendly Technicians