On Thursday 24th October at 7pm IT Tralee will be joined by Psychotherapist, Media Contributor and Bestselling author, Stella O’Malley. The following day, on Friday 25th of October, the Institute will welcome potential students and their families to its annual Open Day from 9.30am to 1.30pm.Oct 24, 2019
The ‘Class of 2019’ received their graduation awards at the Institute of Technology, Tralee’s Conferring of Awards Ceremonies on Friday. Bríd McElligott, Vice President of Research, Development and External Engagement commented, “Today marks a momentous occasion for the graduates of the IT Tralee who along with their family and friends will celebrate this superb occasion at our newly opened Kerry Sports Academy.Oct 21, 2019
|Oct 25
|Oct 24
|Oct 18
|
Graduation Ceremony 2019. Venue: Kerry Sports Academy, North Campus
|Sep 30
|
Student Assistance Fund - Registered Students Only - Application Open
|Sep 27
|
1916 Bursary Fund - Online Application (Part II) by 17:00 27th September 2019
A flavour of what we have on offer @ IT Tralee
Located within the premier hospitality and tourism hub of Ireland, our HCT department is
where Hotel, Culinary & Tourism learning comes to life. ITT staff come from varied hospitality and tourism backgrounds and you study in a realistic work environment with great career prospects. Facilities include a reception, a training restaurant, five kitchens and demo kitchen theatre.Read More
Pharmaceutical analysis covers techniques used the research, development and manufacturing
sectors of the pharmaceutical industry. Developing your skill and competence to work as a laboratory scientist, stream options include forensics, environmental science, cosmetic science & biopharmaceutics.
Our graduates have an acknowledged reputation as good laboratory scientists who are equipped with the skills that industry require today.
Health & Leisure Department has as its core belief that physical activity plays
a key role in wellbeing, adopting a holistic interdisciplinary perspective.Our courses are designed to equip the graduate to engage with the health and leisure sector as a well-qualified degree professional and researcher and includes Exercise Science, Health Studies, Activity Leadership, Physical Education, Professional Practice and more.Read More
IT Tralee Nursing courses equip the nurse to provide nursing care in a wide variety of clinical
settings, hospitals and the community. Offering an informed first-class learning and teaching experience students in an environment that is both challenging and rewarding, utilizing the state-of-the-art purpose-built Sólás building. This facility has technology enhanced classrooms, lecture halls and practical skills laboratories and computer suites.Read More
Agricultural Engineers are employed in the agricultural engineering industry in the areas
of manufacture, maintenance and modification of agricultural equipment. Work in state-of-the-art agricultural engineering workshops, a machinery hall, science laboratories, computer and electronics laboratories,Read More
Mechanical and manufacturing engineers design, develop, manufacture, operate and
maintain a wide variety of machinery. Our courses aim to give you an understanding of the technology and management used in modern manufacturing industries, with knowledge of electrical and electronic circuits to design, develop, test and manufacture electrical and computer- controlled mechanical systems.Read More
Civil & Environmental Engineering offers many exciting and varied opportunities for employment.
Civil Engineers work in planning, designing, constructing and maintaining essential infrastructure such as water supply, roads, bridges, energy and buildings. The course at IT Tralee combines environmental topics such as water resources, waste management, flood and coastal protection with more traditional modules in roads, materials, structures and foundation design.Read More
ITT creative media courses encompass Music, TV & Radio, creative writing and more
in our Digital Media Centre (DMC).Study though interactive on-line learning, group discussions, critiques and practicals. Our high-performance DMC encompasses: graphics studio, multimedia editing suites, TV & Radio broadcasting studios and music recording studios.Read More
Our computer courses teach Computer Management, mobile app development and Software engineering skills
and more. Specialise in areas such as multimedia or games programming. The IT Tralee computing department has strong links with ICT industries and our ICT work placement is a vital part of ITT computer courses.Read More
Business Studies offers students the opportunity to develop real skills that are sought after in the marketplace.
Our programme has a common year one entry and from year two, students specialise in either Accounting, Marketing or Management. We also provide a semester of work placement which gives students real world experience. If you want a career that is interesting, diverse and dynamic then this is for you. Our graduates work in many different types of organisation and, because our degrees are accredited by relevant professional bodies, they are in a strong position to succeed in their chosen career path.Read More
IT Tralee field science courses are offered in wildlife biology, agricultural science,
field biology and wildlife tourism. Agricultural science is the application of science and business to the production of quality food. IT Tralee is recognised as the place to study wildlife biology in Ireland. Field science courses include a mix of theory, laboratory practice and field activities.Read More
IT Tralee social science courses include, early childhood care and education, social care, and youth
& community work.Social care is a profession where people work in partnership with those who experience marginalisation or disadvantage or who have special needs. Youth work creates environments that encourage positive relationships between young people, peers and adults.
Current international best practice in early childhood studies is promoted where the emphasis is on developing high standards with work-based learning in supervised practice placements.