1. Domestic money transfer
EbixCash, in association with IDBI Bank and Yes Bank, brings you the convenience of transferring money from your place of residence to any bank account across the country. EbixCash enables domestic money transfer through a very safe channel to almost all banks across India.
The money transfer service is available at over 1 lakh retail touch points from Tier I to Tier IV cities. It enables walk – in customers even without a bank account from place of transfer, to transfer funds to any bank account anywhere in India. Our trained franchisee owners offer convenient transfer of money into the recipient’s bank account at a convenient time even beyond banking hours.
Benefits:
- Reserve Bank of India approved payment system
- Safe money transfer guaranteed
- Flexible and extended agent timings
- Money transferred to beneficiary within 24hrs
- No waiting in long queues
2. Cross-border money transfer
EbixCash, in partnership with Prabhu Money Transfer India – One of the largest banks in Nepal enables immigrant or any individual of Nepali origin residing anywhere in India to easily send money back home in Nepal. A Nepali migrant can walk into any of EbixCash’s 75000 plus outlets present across 3000 locations and can send money back home to their loved ones by simply producing a copy of his citizenship certificate. Through this platform, migrants can also deposit money into the account maintained in any of the branches of Prabhu Bank or any other bank operating in Nepal in real time.
3. International Inward remittance
Ebix Inc, a parent firm of EbixCash, has taken over Money Transfer Service Scheme (MTSS) business of three of the leading players in International Inward remittances space – Paul Merchants, YouFirst Money Express and Wall Street Finance Ltd. The addition of this international capability significantly expands EbixCash’s network to over 1, 20,000 physical touch points. Now, you can receive money being sent from your loved ones living abroad at your nearest EbixCash outlet. We facilitate the inward money transfer services of Western Money, Ria, Money Gram or Xpress Money.
SECURITY GUIDELINES
Ebix Money Express and Western Union do not recommend...
Sending money to anyone who is not familiar
It is suggested to the Sender to transfer money to only those receivers who is known personally or whose identity the sender can verify
Receiving money from anyone who is not familiar
It is suggested to the Receiver to receive money only from someone who is known personally or whose identity the beneficiary can verify
Western Union Payments in India
Only Inward Personal Remittances are permitted. Money cannot be sent abroad from India via Western Union
All remittances are for personal purposes only like family maintenance or for foreign tourists visiting India as their personal living expenses.
No commercial, Charitable, Trade-related transaction can be paid through this mode of transfer.
Transaction in the name of Non-Individual (e.g. Firms, company etc.) is not permitted
An Individual can receive only 30 transactions in a calendar year.
Money can be received in India up to a maximum of 2,500 USD or equivalent per transaction
A maximum amount of Rs. 50,000/- can be paid in cash. If transaction amounts exceed Rs. 50,000/- then the entire amount is to be paid by the way of account payee cheque, Bank transfer or Pay Order. In exceptional cases, higher amounts to Foreign tourists (with valid TOURIST VISA) can be paid in cash.
Foreign nationals who produce their Passport and valid Tourist Visa, full amount in INR can be paid in cash. For foreign nationals also, the maximum amount cannot be exceeded the equivalent amount of 2,500 USD.
Third party payments are not permitted i.e. only genuine beneficiary may receive remittance on physical presence at the paying out location, presenting original proofs of identification & Address. A beneficiary must self-attest the Xerox copies of proofs submitted.
Minors (less than 18 years of age) cannot be the recipient, of a payout, of a Western Union transaction.
Please note and advise people you know, who avail this service that they must discontinue any transaction in which one is instructed or coached on how to respond to questions asked by Ebix Money Express or Western Union. This is a sure sign of Fraud.
Western Union Toll-Free Number: 1800 1027 111