Privacy and Cookie Policy
Provide a Privacy and Cookie Policy that also includes any third party service providers you're using, like Google Analytics or Google Adsense.
Attorney-level solutions to make your websites and apps compliant with the law across multiple countries and legislations
A complete set of solutions to make your website or app compliant with the law, across multiple languages and legislations
Create your privacy and cookie policy in minutes.
Customizable from 650+ clauses, available in 8 languages and automatically updated if the law changes, our generator allows you to create a legal document in minutes and seamlessly integrate it with your website or app.
Manage cookie consent for the ePrivacy and GDPR. IAB TCF integrated.
Our solution allows you to display a fully customizable cookie banner, collect cookie consent, implement prior blocking, set advertising preferences, collect explicit consent to Google personalized ads and more.
Create your terms and conditions in minutes.
Customizable from hundreds of combinations, available in 8 languages, powerful and precise — our solution is capable of handling even the most complex, individual scenarios. Optimized for e-commerce, marketplace, SaaS, apps and more.
Collect GDPR consent and document opt-ins for your web forms.
Our solution smoothly integrates with your consent collection forms, syncs with your legal documents and includes a user-friendly dashboard for reviewing consent records of your activities.
Document all the data processing activity within your organization.
To be GDPR compliant, your company need to keep a record of how it stores and uses the data it collects from users. Our solution allows you to easily document all the data processing activity within your organization.
Provide a Privacy and Cookie Policy that also includes any third party service providers you're using, like Google Analytics or Google Adsense.
If you have users from the EU, you must display a cookie banner, provide a cookie policy, acquire consent for the installation of cookies and block profiling cookies until consent has been obtained.
Terms and Conditions set the terms for how your site, app or service must be used and, most importantly, protect you from potential liabilities.
If you have EU-based users and you use web-forms on your site — such as newsletter sign-up forms or registration forms — you must collect and maintain valid records of consent in order for the consent you’ve collected to be considered valid.
Our legal text is modeled after the strictest privacy requirements found in the world like the GDPR, PECR, the US's CalOPPA and Australia's APPs. The UK is one of the countries our legal team monitors more closely; we regularly check the major global legislations to ensure that our solutions meet all necessary requirements.
“If you, like me, are part of a smart team and hate updating your privacy policy every time you add some code to your site, then iubenda is for you. It's ridiculously affordable, and super easy to use.”
TRY BEFORE YOU BUY or STAY WITH THE FREE OPTION
1404067 self-updating documents already generated
We make every effort to cover every country’s laws by adopting the strictest data guidelines implemented in each country.
Yes, all our solutions meet provisions of the hugely important General Data Protection Regulation as well as the ePrivacy Directive (Cookie Law).
Read our Getting Started Guide
Chat with us live or contact support
Or join us at our next webinar to get an overview of the legal requirements and ask live questions
Hundreds of enterprises rely on iubenda for their online compliance throughout multiple properties and legislations.
Our international network of lawyers can provide you with tailored documents and a full compliance review.
iubenda's Partner Program is designed for agencies and web professionals seeking to expand their expertise and assist their clients in making their websites, apps and data processing activities compliant with the law.