Purple Marsh Crab
Afrithelphusa monodosa
Afrithelphusa monodosa
Orcaella brevirostris
Sahyadria denisonii
Ailuropoda melanoleuca
More than 28,000 species are threatened with extinction
That is 27% of all assessed species.
Amphibians
40%
Mammals
25%
Conifers
34%
Birds
14%
Sharks & Rays
30%
Reef corals
33%
Selected Crustaceans
27%
Help us make The IUCN Red List a more complete barometer of life.
Over half (58%) of Europe’s endemic trees are threatened with extinction. The introduction of invasive species, unsustainable logging and urban development are key threats causing the decline of tree species, such as the horse-chestnut across Europe.Read the full article on IUCN
Between 1910 and 2010, tiger populations plummeted dramatically. On International Tiger Day, we celebrate just some of the successes that an integrated, global approach for tiger conservation has facilitated to save this charismatic species from extinction.Read the full article on IUCN
Overfishing has pushed two families of rays to the brink of extinction, while hunting for bushmeat and habitat loss have led to the decline of seven primate species, according to the latest update of The IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.Read the full article on IUCN
Established in 1964, The International Union for Conservation of Nature’s Red List of Threatened Species has evolved to become the world’s most comprehensive information source on the global conservation status of animal, fungi and plant species.
The IUCN Red List is a critical indicator of the health of the world’s biodiversity. Far more than a list of species and their status, it is a powerful tool to inform and catalyze action for biodiversity conservation and policy change, critical to protecting the natural resources we need to survive. It provides information about range, population size, habitat and ecology, use and/or trade, threats, and conservation actions that will help inform necessary conservation decisions.
The IUCN Red List Categories and Criteria are intended to be an easily and widely understood system for classifying species at high risk of global extinction. It divides species into nine categories: Not Evaluated, Data Deficient, Least Concern, Near Threatened, Vulnerable, Endangered, Critically Endangered, Extinct in the Wild and Extinct.
To date, more than 105,700 species have been assessed for The IUCN Red List.
This is an incredible achievement. However, our work is nowhere near complete. We need to more than double the number of wild species (plants, animals and fungi) assessed
Our new goal is 160,000 species by 2020. Meeting this goal will provide the most up-to-date indication of the health of the world’s biodiversity to guide critical conservation action. This is only achievable with support from people like you.
You must log in to access advanced IUCN Red List functionality. Please enter your e-mail address and password below.
To save searches and access a historical view of information you have downloaded you are required to register for an account.