Today I want to review an app called CRED, which I am using from last few months. CRED is an app, which gives you rewards on timely payments of your credit card payment. If you are not using this app, you may be making the credit card payments anyways by other online methods. All you […]
Do you know that, your health insurance premium may depend on your city? Yes, there is something called as “Zone based premium” in health insurance industry which I will share in this article today. For instance, premium amount for a person aged 30 years, living in Delhi, might be higher than the person of same […]
Are you one of the NRI’s who want to know if you should invest your money in India and how to do it? Then this article is a good place to start with. There are close to 3 crore NRI’s and PIO from India in different parts of the world, however this post is mainly […]
There are many investors who do not buy (or delay) term insurance plan, because they feel that nothing will happen to them. Some feel they can’t die due to illness, because they take care of their health. Some feel they will never die in an accident, because they drive their vehicles carefully. Some feel they […]
Here is an interesting financial journey of one of our readers who went from “zero savings” to “debt free house owner” .. I would like to handover to him directly so that he can share more about his journey and thought process. — Hello All, Rahul here. I was born in typical middle-class family where my […]
Are you planning to buy a house? If yes then, you would have planned your investments and saving in line with the “Cost of the house”, you are looking for. But, when we buy a house, there are so many other events/costs which comes during or after buying the house which we do not plan […]
In this article, we will see various features of Apollo Munich Optima Restore Health Cover policy. We will be covering its benefits, exclusions, eligibility and premiums details. Apollo Munich is one of the most respected and well known health insurance company in India, which offers different health insurance plans for family, individual and senior citizens. […]
Most of the investors are not aware of how income tax is calculated and the basic understanding of tax related concepts when they start their career. In this guide, you will learn how to calculate income tax in a very simple and easy to understand way without involving any complicated jargons. What is Income tax? […]
“How much money would it take for you to feel “Rich”?” I recently came across this interesting question on my Facebook timeline and the answers given by people were very interesting. I thought of sharing it with you all and discuss this insightful and interesting point with you all. I want to become RICH and […]
For Long, real estate sector was unregulated and in favor of builders and developers. From getting delayed possession to bearing a huge loss of project cancellation, all has to be borne by home buyers. Even in worse case after living in a society for a long period of 10-15 years, home owners need to vacant […]
Join 1,60,000 readers + FREE Ebook
Here is the list of some of our best content.
We have various things to offer to investors which can help them to gain knowledge and work on their financial life.