To submit a website, please select one of the categories listed below!
Each main category contains several subcategories. Submit your website(s) to the most relevant category or subcategory.
Each main category contains several subcategories. Submit your website(s) to the most relevant category or subcategory.
In 2018, 48.9% of the global population used the internet to search for local businesses. Half of the searches were performed using mobile devices.
Jasmine Directory takes a great deal of this trend: every listing looks great on all mobile devices. Moreover, we are in the process of developing both an Android and an iOS application to take business owners a step closer to their potential customers no matter where they're based.
As of September 2018 we've updated over 6000 URLs to their corresponding HTTPS version.
Detailed description, address, phone number, social media fan pages? List them all!
Our web directory helps businesses to be noticed by potential customers.
Jasmine Directory respects all Google guidelines. Therefore, your business is safe.
Having a business listing in an established web directory delivers targeted customers.
Identify the most relevant category for your website and use the "Submit" menu link. Please note that a review fee applies. The review fee doesn't guarantee placement, and it will be refunded if the submitted site does not meet our submission guidelines.
Entrepreneurs and small-business owners are always on the search for new ways to increase sales and boost conversions, but doing so is not always easy. Customers need a way to find you.
The ability to drive targeted web traffic to a website is one of the things that set successful entrepreneurs apart from the ones who fail.
Taking advantage of business web directories allows small-business owners to improve their results and generate a fair amount of targeted traffic. Doing so does not take much time but offers long-term rewards that nobody should overlook.
Matt Cutts, a software engineer and former head of the web spam team at Google, stated back in 2012 that "spammy directories" are disregarded while those who "excercise editorial discretion" worth it.
Even though countless business directories litter the internet, they won't all offer a positive change. Don't take unneeded risks and suggest your website to one that Google loves!
Jasmine Directory is one of the best business directories alive, a top Google pick, and it will not only supplement your SEO efforts but will market your business by itself.