What Is Your Story?
COVID-19 is not a time to stop dreaming or doing, it is an unusual opportunity for us to make our dreams happen in a more creative way. I am here to help.
PLEASE NOTE:
I have begun planning for the Fall of 2020 and have moved everything to a virtual model until further notice due to COVID-19. Thank you for your understanding and continued support. We can still make some magic happen!
We all have a story deep within that pulls us in one direction or another. These stories may spin around in our heads late at night when we feel inadequate and alone, drowning in a sense of “not enough-ness.” They visit our inner dialogue on the morning of the new job we always dreamed of having, when our kids fail and we judge our parenting skills harshly,
or when we find ourselves leaving
a relationship that we thought was forever.
Our stories act like the navigational system of our souls.
Therefore, it is important to ask ourselves – are the stories we are telling ourselves serving our soul’s desire, or holding us back from all that we truly long for and deserve? Is your story helping you achieve your dreams and goals? If not, it’s time we explore your stories on a deeper level and find out how they can change to serve you and your purpose more fully. How they can guide your soul
to the path it was meant for.
I write my own story, do you? I outgrow them too, have you?
Knowing your story and the impact it has on your thoughts, behaviours and emotional well-being is one thing, but sharing your story with others is a completely different adventure. Our stories, released into the wild, can change the world.
Your Story. Your Words. Your Way.
This experience takes you through the process of nurturing your story through examining your life lessons, allowing you to create something that is easily devoured by the people who are unknowingly waiting for your words to inspire them to take that next step.
I would love to walk with you on your journey so you can embrace the joy and release the uncertainty that comes with forging off path without a map. Remember, our stories are the navigational system of our souls but that doesn’t mean you need to do it alone. Think #BookSherpa.
People need your story. Are you ready to share it?
Notable Events
When I first dreamed of hosting retreats to help women discover their deepest desires and empowered stories, I imagined gathering creatives, visionaries, wellness and mindset professionals who would openly share their best techniques, strategies, and thought-provoking questions. I wanted to create a multi-sensory, transformational experience where retreat participants could explore a diverse range of topics – gaining a greater understanding of themselves and their authentic path.
My dream is called INSPIRE the FIRE Within Wellness Retreat. Please stay tuned for information on INSPIRE.
Imagine an intimate self publishing, marketing and writing retreat designed to help writers understand the big picture, as well as all the moving parts one needs to know about when self publishing their work. This retreat has been offered in Saskatchewan, where we tuck ourselves into the Boreal Forest and open ourselves up to the creative process. In British Columbia, we find ourselves surround by rustic charm at Tigh-Na-Mara Resort, where the sea and the forest meets. Our rejuvenation breaks at both locations feed the soul and push us into places we cannot access at home. Custom retreats in an alternate location can also be arranged upon request.
Please stay tuned for more information about upcoming writing retreats.
If you have a group of writers in another location, I am may be able to travel to facilitate your custom retreat.
Contact me for more details should this be of interest to you.
CHOOSE YOUR ADVENTURE…
COPYRIGHT . 2017 | JENNIFERSPARKS + STOKE PUBLISHING
crafted @ whiterabbitdesign | urban soula