And anyone who raised any suspicion about Abdul Hussain would have been excoriated as a racist, bigoted “Islamophobe,” and suffered professional and possibly personal ruin. “Curry house boss, 41, ‘hoarded ISIS execution videos in his Spice Island restaurant and kept terror manual on how to become a sleeper agent living double life in the West,’” […]
Germany: Knife-wielding Muslim migrant screaming “Allahu akbar” who threatened Jews was released, has now vanished
He “was armed with a knife on October 4 and climbed over the fence of a Berlin synagogue. He threatened passersby and policemen with the words ‘F**k Israel’ and ‘Allahu akbar’ – and is running around free today.” Even if he is “mentally ill,” as authorities have falsely claimed, why was he released when he […]
Sweden: Muslim migrants make bomb attacks now a normal part of life, migration foes smeared as bigots
“It’s tough for everyone to come to terms with the new reality. Gang violence is intimately tied to the issue of immigration and failed integration, so those who highlight the problem have often been smeared as bigots.” Yes. It’s the same story all over the suicidal West. “Bomb attacks are now a normal part of […]
Robert Spencer’s The Palestinian Delusion: “Eye-opening history with enormous implications for foreign policy today”
“This is eye-opening history with enormous implications for foreign policy today. Taking us through the sad history of the Middle East peace process, Robert Spencer is the one analyst of the situation with the courage to identify why these peace negotiations have all failed, and will always fail. This book should be the occasion for […]
Fake “Rojava” Narrative and Truths about Syria
In the midst of the bloody war in Syria, the Kurds took advantage of the chaos and claimed control over northern Syria in 2012. They established a so-called “government” there led by the Kurdish Democratic Union Party or PYD. Its armed force is the YPG (People’s Protection Units), which is the Syrian wing of the […]
India: Muslims who killed Hindu leader say the murder was justified by Sharia
We are constantly told in the West that Sharia is entirely benign, and that only racist, bigoted “Islamophobes” think otherwise. In reality, Islam mandates death for non-Muslim subjects of the Islamic state who mention “something impermissible about Allah, the Prophet (Allah bless him and give him peace), or Islam” (‘Umdat al-Salik, o11.10), and such laws […]
Canada: Muslim just elected to Parliament won’t explain his role in an anti-Semitic riot
Sameer Zuberi has been elected to Parliament. And of course no one in the establishment media will dare to ask him about this. To do so would be “Islamophobic.” “Liberal candidate won’t explain role in anti-Semitic riot,” by Jason Unrau, The Post-Millennial, October 18, 2019: Sameer Zuberi’s activist past continues to dog the Liberal candidate […]
The International Judo Federation bans Iran indefinitely until it agrees to face Israel
Finally, an indictment of Islamic supremacist bigotry and intolerance, countering the pervasive lies about Islam being “tolerant.” “Iran Banned from World Judo Until it Agrees to Face Israel,” Associated Press, October 22, 2019: LAUSANNE, Switzerland (AP) — Iran was banned from international judo competitions Tuesday for refusing to let its athletes fight Israeli opponents. The […]
CAIR ignores torture of Nigerian boys in Islamic school, spreads bogus narrative about “Islamophobia”
A few weeks ago, almost 500 men and boys were rescued from an Islamic center in Nigeria; the detainees “were allegedly sexually abused and tortured.” They were also reportedly subject to slavery, chaining, beatings and starvation while being forced to learn the Qur’an. The youngest among them was five. But as the article from the […]
Malta: Muslim migrants riot, battle police, set fires at holding center
“Police arrested some 107 migrants for their role in the riots that overran a migrant holding centre on the island nation of Malta.” The riots were more than a melee stemming from an argument over a drunken migrant being “refused re-entry into the center because he was drunk.” According to Aljazeera, which is, of course, […]
“If you want to learn the whole unknown hidden truth of the Arab/Islamic war against Israel, read this book”
“If you want to learn the whole unknown hidden truth of the Arab/Islamic war against Israel, read this book from cover to cover. Robert Spencer’s book teaches you how to answer virtually every propaganda lie about Israel and Arabs one is confronted with by Israel-haters, Jew-haters, and those simply ignorant of the facts. This comprehensive […]
Germany: Muslim hits his wife with a car, drags her 30 meters, smashes her with an axe
Domestic violence is common to all cultures, but only in Islam does it have divine sanction. A culture of violence, the foundational text of which commands men to beat women from whom they “fear disobedience” (Qur’an 4:34), is going to give rise to this sort of thing, just as that same foundational text’s calls for […]
In Iraq, Stirrings of an “Ungrateful Volcano”
Perhaps you remember all those high hopes once expressed by Americans for bringing democracy to “ordinary moms and dads” in Iraq, as President George Bush called them. America would not only topple Saddam Hussein, and play its famous game of fifty-two pickup – that is, bring to justice the 52 top figures in his regime […]
Majority of American Jews believe “extreme right” more threatening than “extreme Islam”
A stunning finding about American Jews polled in the U.S. on the threat of antisemitism: more Jews believe that the “extreme political right” poses a bigger threat than Islamic “extremism,” according to an American Jewish Committee (AJC) poll: Almost 90 percent of Jews who responded said that the extreme political right presents an anti-Semitic threat. […]
Dearborn imam: Saudi leaders are “agents of the Jews,” urges Muslims to stand against “Saudi-Zionist airplanes”
This will only come as a surprise to those who are unaware that the Qur’an depicts the Jews as inveterately evil and bent on destroying the well-being of the Muslims. They are the strongest of all people in enmity toward the Muslims (5:82); they fabricate things and falsely ascribe them to Allah (2:79; 3:75, 3:181); […]
Austria: Married Muslim migrant temporarily marries two non-Muslim teens in mosque
Temporary marriage or pleasure marriage, i.e. prostitution behind the hypocritical fig leaf of a “marriage” with a time limit, is an established Shi’ite concept that is also prevalent among some Sunnis. It has been practiced among Sunnis in Egypt and Saudi Arabia, although Sunnis ostensibly reject it. Shi’ites justify temporary marriage, mutah, by their reading […]
Amnesty International urges Jordan to stop imprisoning women for defying men, ignores root cause of the problem
“Under the male ‘guardianship’ system, which Amnesty said is at the centre of a web of discriminatory provisions, men are empowered to control ‘women’s lives and limit their personal freedoms’, while women could be subjected to degrading practices such as ‘virginity tests’, aimed at determining whether they’ve had sex outside marriage.” All right. But where […]
Muslim leaders: “Identifying Islam with terrorism stems from evil intentions and dirty ambitions”
Islamic supremacist leaders everywhere are upping the ante on spreading the misinformation that Islam is a “religion of tolerance” and peace, and that it has no connection with violence. Pontificating as though the persecution of Christians and other non-Muslims, the murder of apostates and gays, the abuse of women and girls and the efforts to […]
Muslim Woman Asked to Remove Her Hijab: “My Life Has Been Destroyed”
A Muslimah mother in France, wearing a hijab, and accompanying children on a school trip to a local council (parliament), was requested indirectly by a member of that parliament, Julien Odoul, to remove her hijab (he had asked the president of the council, Mme Dufay, to make the request), in order to respect the French […]
Pakistan: Christian children are being given Islamic names to avoid abuse
Christian children are robbed of a childhood in Pakistan. Their parents are so fearful of their children violating Pakistan’s barbaric blasphemy laws that they teach their children to walk on pins and needles so as to not be accused. “If they write anything or misspell anything to do with the prophet Muhammad, they can be […]
The Ahmadis: The Jihad against Free Speech
“The Western leaders make me laugh by maintaining that they cannot put restrictions on newspapers and freedom of expression,” stated the Ahmadi “caliph,” Hadrat Mirza Masroor Ahmad, in London on February 10, 2006. This crackpot demonstrated how the small, caliphate-dreaming Ahmadi cult has joined other Muslims in demanding Islamic censorship — another fact that belies the […]
Kentucky Senate candidate Amy McGrath attended dinner hosted by Hamas-linked CAIR
Would Amy McGrath attend a dinner hosted by a group that opposed jihad terror? Of course not. Would she attend a dinner hosted by a Nazi group? Again, of course not. But she didn’t hesitate to attend a dinner hosted by CAIR. How is that different from attending a Nazi function? CAIR is an unindicted […]