The All-in-one Dream Suite
for Your Marketing Links
DISCOVER WHICH CHANNELS GENERATE VALUE
SAVE TIME AND MONEY, INCREASE YOUR LEADS
10 PRODUCTS IN ONE
A powerful and effective marketing tool
Designed to boost your inbound marketing results and conversions, with the best user experience
BRANDED LINKS
Increase your CTR
Easy create branded tracking links, QR codes and much more
Monitor and organize your campaigns, activities and content. Identify your best marketing sources, optimize your results and monetize your links. Connect offline to online communication.
CALLS TO ACTION
Create custom CTAs
Add a custom and effective call to action to every link you share
Engage your customers, generate leads and conversions through content curation. Drive targeted traffic to your website every time you share something online. Convert followers into revenues.
CONVERSIONS
Grow your results
Track which events generate leads, sales, downloads
Identify the best online marketing channels or traffic sources. Track views, clicks, conversions and revenues. Target visitors where they yield best conversion rates. And much more.
REMARKETING
Expand your marketing
Add retargeting codes to your links and advertise to engaged users
Integrate your Facebook, Google, Pinterest, etc. remarketing pixels to advertise to anyone who clicks your links. Capture and create audiences of users interested in the content you share.
DEEP LINKS
Engage app users
Provide a high quality mobile user experience
Improve your mobile marketing strategy and optimize in-app conversions. Leverage Deep links to promote specific mobile content pages and pass through custom data (like promo codes, etc.). Improve customer LTV.
JOIN THE BEST MARKETERS
Why did many marketers
choose us?
We securely monitor +500M visits/year and +4M links
We offer a complete range of professional tools at a competitive
price for Web and Marketing Agencies, Publishers, Advertisers,
Social Media and Inbound Marketers, Affiliate Marketers,
Brands, Ecommerce & Retailers.