Capture and share anything quickly
Jumpshare has everything you need to share better from one easy to use platform.
Drag and drop files to share
Drag files to the Jumpshare system tray icon and a
shareable link will be copied to your clipboard.
Capture and annotate screenshots
Take pixel perfect screenshots with annotation and
markup to share ideas, bugs and concepts.
Record your screen in video or GIF
Use screen recordings to explain and guide your
customers, team members, or clients quickly.
Access everything from one place
Everything you upload can be accessed, searched, and shared from the Jumpshare system tray app.
Collaborate at the speed of thought
Simplify the process of collecting feedback from stakeholders by having them comment directly on your files. Accomplish great work by bringing everyone on board.
Collaborate at the speed of thought
Simplify the process of collecting feedback from stakeholders by having them comment directly on your files. Accomplish great work by bringing everyone on board.
Organize everything in one place
Whether it's your work or a side project, you can upload and organize everything in visually stunning folders - choose how they appear and who can view them.
A delightful viewing experience
Impress your team and clients with a beautiful file viewer that can preview over 200 formats online. View photos, videos, large documents, presentations, and more.
Automatically integrates with hundreds of apps
All Jumpshare share links are magical - they work everywhere you do. Integrates with Slack, Hipchat, Jira, Trello, Asana, and hundreds of other apps, enabling you to work faster.
Automatically integrates with hundreds of apps
All Jumpshare share links are magical - they work everywhere you do. Integrates with Slack, Hipchat, Jira, Trello, Asana, and hundreds of other apps, enabling you to work faster.
Work better together with Jumpshare Business
Take your team’s productivity to the next level with a shared workspace. Everyone on your team can work on projects in real-time, from any device.Try Jumpshare Business
-
Matt Fulton
Created a folder “Photoshoot”
-
Vic Bell
Uploaded 7 files to “Photoshoot”
-
Dan Kaufman
Uploaded “Cover Design.psd”
-
Nils Hoenson
Commented on “Cover Design.psd”
-
Vic Bell
Updated “Sketch 04.eps”
Jumpshare has everything you need to share better
Trusted by thousands of users
Rated 4.8 stars on the App Store
"Jumpshare is my go-to way of sending design
mockups and final files to clients. It is simple,
fast, and reliable."
"Jumpshare lets me see who has viewed which file.
This is important because it allows me to time
follow up calls."
"Jumpshare is perfect for creating walkthrough
videos for a new employee. It also helps me
immensely when trying to explain bugs to our
engineering team."
"I use Jumpshare dozens of times a day to share
screenshots of development work in Slack and even
on Twitter. Jumpshare saves me a lot of time and
feels like a native part of OS."
"We use Jumpshare to share files with our clients -
either during development or for the final delivery.
This is the best file sharing solution we have found
that strikes a great balance between usability,
speed and price."
"Jumpshare replaces about four or five apps that I
would typically need to use every day to work.
This is such an improvement to my daily
workflow."