Custom Software Development Company
Jupsoft at a Glance
Over 15 Years in the industry
Providing Solution Globally
500+ satisfied Clients
100+ Technocrats
ISO 9001 Certified Company
Excellent Support Infrastructure
Services we offer
Our Milestones
Jupsoft technologies main motive is to explore, improve and innovate something new every year. We believe in serving the society with whatever we offer as service or products. Our milestones with each year passing by are shown below
- - 2014Company got ISO 9001:2008 certification. It defines an ISO 9000 Quality Management System (QMS). ISO 9001:2008 is focused on meeting customer expectations and delivering customer satisfaction so you must pay attention to the customer.
- - 2015Company has introduced new product series for education segment named "eConnect". In this row, we have launched our first SaaS based eConnect-K12 launched making it the best cloud based school information management system.
- - 2016Jupsoft relocated to Noida. New office established in the heart of Noida. eConnect-K12 launched with a whole new user experience and consolidated dashboard.
- - 2017Jupsoft celebrates 14 years of innovation, success & growth in education technology. Our biggest release yet with loads of powerful features making eConnect-K12 one of the most stable and strongest School Information Management system.
- - 2018Jupsoft added two more products in their kitty i.e.; IExam and TeamTRACK. IExamis the most comprehensive online assessment program whereas TeamTRACK is the employee tracking software.
Trusted by
Here’s what our customers have been saying about us
Jupsoft Technologies Pvt. Ltd. is a great boon for an educational institution. It has added seven stars to the technological aspect of teaching-learning process and also it has brought much credibility to our faithful relation with parents. The eConnect has given new wings to the educational commitments and has brought an evident standard to the entire system of institution administration. eConnect service provider has served multipurpose usage in our educational journey.
Delhi Public School | Rudrapur
software Installed by Jupsoft Technologies Pvt. Ltd. in our school has helped in establishing better communication with our students and parents and helps us to inform them about their ward's progress attendance and fee payment on time.
Vanasthali Public School | Vasundhara
Jupsoft Technologies Pvt. Ltd. provide their services in professional manner, with predetermined time constraint. For this they charge us a very reasonable fee. We highly recommend Jupsoft eConnect services to all the schools as it adds vlaue to the school IT system.
Queen's Mary School | Rohini
The purpose of this letter is to express my complete satisfaction with the outstanding services provided by Jupsoft Technologies Pvt. Ltd. We found a "company" who mastered "technology", accountability, "best practices", "commitments" and "scalability" and "flexibility" to provide a real time, user friendly and personalized school management package.
Ralli International School | Indirapuram
Inside Jupsoft
Get a sneak peek into some of the amazing things that happen behind the scenes at Jupsoft.