Integrate JustCall with your CRM/Helpdesk Tool
Make or receive calls directly from your CRM or Helpdesk dashboard. Automatically log all your calls, call recordings, missed calls, voicemail recordings and text messages. Interested? Schedule Demo
Get phone numbers in 58 countries, instantly. Pick a country, choose a number that you like and get it with a click. You can now make calls using this number from web, mobile app or desktop app. All the incoming calls on this number will come directly on your mobile phone, our web app & desktop app.
Local numbers can give your small business a multi-city feel or your big business a local feel. JustCall has local phone numbers in 58 countries that you can get with a click.
Give your business a national presence with a toll free number. We've toll free numbers in US, UK & Canada.
Send and receive messages through your Justcall phone number.
Record every call on each of your numbers to better monitor your performance as a team.
Want to keep your existing phone number? You can port your local or toll free number to JustCall. Our team will take care of the process for you. Porting is a seamless transition with no downtime.
Need a number that spells your company name or simply want something memorable for your callers? We are happy to help you find the perfect number for your business.
Invite your team members from sales and support teams. Alot a number to every team member or alot a team to any given phone number. You can setup distribution/routing rules for phone numbers. Track all the calling activities of your team members from a single dashboard.
Justcall lets you manage your team. Assign phone numbers, analyse call logs & recordings. All in one place.
You can route calls directly to your employees by using 'Call Distribution' & 'Concurrent Call' feature. By providing each Team Member with their own justcall number, you can make sure calls are going directly to their phones.
Schedule calls with your contacts and tag your team mates. Add notes to each of the scheduled call. Send a notification to the tagged team mate and create a personalized event on their calendar.
Once you have a number on JustCall, you can use in-built dialer to make calls or you can download JustCall iOS, Android or desktop apps to easily make a call from any of your JustCall phone numbers. All the incoming calls come directly on your mobile phone or on any of our apps - Web, Mac or Windows.
You can make and receive calls direclty from this website. Login into your account, click the dialer button and start making calls.
If you have multiple phone numbers on JustCall, you can make a call using any of the phone numbers. When you call a number, our app asks you to choose a number that you want to use to make that call.
Send messages around the globe with your JustCall number!
No need to nag your sales reps to punch-in calling activities in that CRM or excel sheet. JustCall logs and records all the calling activities automatically. You can integrate JustCall with popular CRM tools as well.
JustCall provides you with the date, time, duration, and caller ID for all incoming and outgoing calls.
Want to listen to an important conversation once again or want to analyse a team member's call? Well, with Justcall every call you make is recorded and can also be shared easily.
Missed a call? No problems. We email you caller's voicemail which you can play right from the email itself.
Get a phone number in Australia
Get a phone number in New Zealand
Get a phone number in South Africa
Get a phone number in Australia
Get a phone number in Singapore
Get a phone number in Switzerland
Interactive Voice Response System (IVR)
2035 Sunset lake road, Suite B-2 Newark DE, 19702