'kashipara.com' is an educational content website dedicated to finding and realizing Final Year Projects Source code and ideas For Students. This is an online source code sharing portal. This project source code helpful for Computer Engineering, MCA, BCA, MscIT, IT, CS, BscIT, BE, BTech, ME, MTech students. Mini project and Major project source codes with document and diagrams. JAVA projects, C#.Net projects, JSP projects, PHP projects, VB projects, SQL, C and C++ projects, android projects, python projects, ASP .net projects, angular js projects, servlet projects, Html CSS project All programming languages project are available almost complement running. Desktop Application, Web Application, Android Application, Project on Software, Testing Projects, project Reports, Technical Faq's, Puzzles, etc. Many useful projects that help development projects. We provide academic mini and micro project source code, documents, database, reports. Final year latest project title for student and new startup ideas. All programming languages project source code for engineer students, BCA student. Here student gets an academic project, demo and program source code, report, documentation, synopsis. Upload your project on our site that helps other students. Free download of Live Project, project Source Code for final year college student, project submission of BE, BCA, MCA. we try to qualify a project with easily run and configuration source code. Download Free Scripts, Codes, Articles, Reviews and Much More. You can review projects and asking to question in projects.you get solution of errors. Also, a developer can modified project as per his requirement and submits. We provide latest HTML CSS template for a web application. Here you can Download Bootstrap templates. Html5 web templates and admin panels. You can find top downloaded project source code.
We are starting a contest in which anyone can participate. you have to just upload a very well built project with us(project must have all the neccssaory file in it i.e. database file, screenshots etc.) and you can win paytm cash. From this, we will get more projects and students will have more option. Project can be made on any programming languages like java,asp,.net,c#,c,c++,android,php,vb,xcode,vb .net,html templates etc. We are provide all project with source code to free download. Click to share project
In today's era people even if they want to help for orphans they dont tend to go to orphanage and do donation personally . So here is a website where admins are organizing events and taking donations online through the website. Also donor can donate...princedmello 2019-10-23
It is a wonderful editing app designed for making your pictures eyecatching. This project is very much useful for students. You can edit the code as you wish and use it. You can add more features to it as you wish. It is understandable for beginn...srssujitha 2019-10-18
Complete CRUD operation using php and responsive ,,You can easily insert update creat and read data from mysql database through this program ....rashid786 2019-10-16
Website front page wonderfull designed for photography by using bootstrap html and css,,,This website designed for all tablets and mobiles and laptops ...its size increase or decrease according to device .....rashid786 2019-10-16
You can execute the project which will run as Computer Hardware Shop where you have your admin login entry where you need to categorise the user requirements and purchase the products which will be saved in file....praful42 2019-10-09
Recent advances in wireless networking and big data technologies, such as 5G networks, med- ical big data analytics, and the Internet of Things, along with recent developments in wearable computing and artificial intelligence, are enabling the devel...kalaiselvivasanth 2019-10-06
Agriculture is a backbone of Indian economy that is the main income source for most of the population in India. So farmers are always curious about yield prediction. Crop yield depends on various factors like soil, weather, rain, fertilizers and pest...kalaiselvivasanth 2019-10-06
in this project i am showing to how to make indian flag animation using html css. it's very easy to understand....ravi4827 2019-10-05
i made smily animation using html css. code is very esay to understand,i am using hover effect in smily face ....tuja8815 2019-10-05
the project must display the store in which the particular product is available. initially it must have 3 logins.one for the customer ,one for the st...
Java projects topics kinjal173 2019-10-24 02:03:37
Hii, I am looking for an social networinf project i.e facebook can u send the source of this project language is php and database is mysql...
PHP projects topics champ123 2019-10-24 01:21:31
an admin account wherein dogs and cats statistics can be viewed, and print, add sub-admin and update password can post announcements and photos that c...
PHP projects topics jing26jing 2019-10-22 21:58:29
i want all the database which is related to the sports a management system and the front end design should be in perfect manner and the back-end datab...
Java projects topics candyk 2019-10-20 05:32:16
I want to design a online quiz in PHP in such a way that it contains the following features: 1. Admin: It is the individual who is managing the end...
PHP projects topics bhavya11 2019-10-17 08:35:20
I want to design a online quiz in PHP in such a way that it contains the following features: 1. Admin: It is the individual who is managing the end...
PHP projects topics bhavya11 2019-10-17 08:33:53
We provide latest html css template for website.Download bootstrap templates, html5 template for web application.
A gallery project designed with HTML, Java script and Bootstrap. this application opens on browser.on mouse hover the image can be highlighted.It's a Gallery application for BCA students...divya_suman 2019-07-03
This Template creates responsive, retina and mobile friendly websites. jQuery Form Validator is a feature rich and multilingual jQuery plugin that makes it easy to validate user input while keeping your HTML markup clean from javascript code. Ev...skalbande 2019-04-24
One-Page HTML5 Template. Build whatever you like with this Template. Be it Business, Corporate, Medical, Travel, Construction, Real Estate, Media Agency, Portfolio, Agency, Magazine, Parallax, Wedding, Christmas, Restaurant, Blog or App Showcase, jus...coderrashid 2019-04-24
E-mail and SMS server is a web based application developed in asp.net c# as front end and sql server 2008 as back end database. This we application used to send email to any internet email and send sms to any mobile number. We develop a website fo...abhijitkare12 2019-03-27
Templates are pages that are embedded (transcluded) into other pages to allow for the repetition of information. Help:A quick guide to templates, a brief introduction on templates for beginners Help:Template, the main technical help page on templ...abhijitkare12 2019-03-27
This is a simple project.This project is made using ASP.Net and css for style.This is website which is run by a Real estate company called Bluesky. This website has for module.In this website we can buy a property according to our budgets,we can get ...favi22 2019-03-17
School management system project source code in phpschool management project development in programming language php.In this project using a mysql database for store all details and records of student.In this project Administrator can manage staff.Li...kjayvik 2019-04-30
E commerce Website development in php.eCommerce website features.1) product catalog details.2) shopping carts.3) user past records.4) admin panel.5) manage product details and add remove products.6) generate reports.free download e commerce webs...jayvik 2019-04-30
Download Project Online exam project in php source code with database.Online Exam project.In this project two type of user. Admin and Students.Admin panel.Admin should be add new exam subjects. also put exam question and answer assign in subject vise...jayesh 2011-11-12
It is a E-commerce project. its a dynamic and flexible project. The Project entitled e-Shopping is a web-based application Software developed in PHP language using PHP as front end on Pentium machine. The main aim of e- Shopping is to improv...alamdar786 2019-04-30
restaurant management system source code in android project downloadrestaurant management application in this project many features.search restaurant by place.customer info save.order listing in apps.today menu listing.this project final year major p...rax.jethva 2013-05-30
free download job port management system php with source code and database.latest job portal system in php with source code and database.download job portal application using php.this project useful for student help development project in his institu...kishandhamat 2012-01-28
Everything on this site is submitted by the students in this professional community. You Can submit your Projects, Project Topics & Ideas to info@kashipara.in after you submit your project/project Idea/Abstract/Topics, These are being verified and approved by our administrator. after approval of this project/project Idea/Abstract/Topics, It can be shown on kashipara.com so that other users can read it. The entire content on this website is Only For Educational Purpose, Non Commercial use
Our Future project is share project ideas and topics.Development project on that ideas and upload project on website. Student submit in colleges and company.Learn how to development project in real world.How to manage big projects.