Why a Great Student Experience Matters
How do you produce new generations of health care professionals who will put their patients at the center of everything they do? At Kansas City University, we believe it’s a matter of leading by example. That’s why we put our students at the center of everything we do. In fact, our second century in medical education is wholly dedicated to continuously improving and investing in our students’ experience.
Get started toward a rewarding career serving others
Our College of Osteopathic Medicine, offered at both campuses, provides you the education you need to become a highly competent and compassionate osteopathic physician. Our College of Biosciences, offered at our Kansas City campus, provides you the skills necessary for a successful and meaningful career in psychology or biomedical sciences.
Preparing You for the Future
Your dream may be to make a difference in the life sciences as a physician, psychologist, researcher or scientist. Our mission is to help you realize that dream by offering the highest quality educational programs that prepare you to meet the health care needs of the future. At KCU, you’re more than just a score.
Helping to address health needs within our regions.
Nestled in the southwestern corner of Missouri, the city of Joplin is home to approximately 50,000 people with 400,000 people living in a 40-mile radius, making the city the 4th largest metropolitan area in Missouri. With a quarter of a million people coming into the city for work or health care daily, Joplin is the medical hub in the South Central U.S.
Welcome to Kansas City, A Community That Cares
KCU has called Kansas City home for 100 years. When asked, students say one of the biggest reasons they chose KCU-Kansas City was the community – among students, faculty, staff and our Northeast neighbors.
An Alma Mater You Can Count On
Whether you’re looking to reconnect with old friends or get involved with KCU, we have you covered. Your Alumni Association seeks to promote and facilitate alumni involvement, participation, education, recognition and communications with fellow alumni and to maintain the honor and dignity of your professions.