Children's Ministry Resources
Kids Sunday School Place is your source for the best children's Sunday school curriculum and ministry resources that include material for both grade school and preschool. We offer fresh and creative printable Sunday school lessons, Bible crafts, Christian activities, object lessons, stories, skits, games, songs, and much more. Teaching Sunday school is now easy, fun, and rewarding!
“Let my teaching fall like rain and my words descend like dew, like showers on new grass, like abundant rain on tender plants.”
Deuteronomy 32:2
What's New in Children’s Ministry?
Find the best new children's ministry ideas added during the year in one handy place. Visit our What's New section now! Click here
Expanded Help Section
Need help navigating our website, locating children's ministry resources, or with technical issues? Get answers fast, Click here
Membership Receipts
Now you can print your last receipt at anytime. For more information, Click here
Membership provides access to all the children's ministry resources found on the Kids Sunday School Place website, including Grade school, Preschool and Spanish. Becoming a member is easy. You can gain access in minutes using one of our electronic payment methods. We also offer individual and group plans--both good for a full year.Learn More
The Sunday school environment should invite children to explore all the wonders that God has to offer. Teachers should use every tool at their disposal to make their lessons fun and meaningful. In this section of the site, you will find children's ministry resources to help you prepare a lesson, manage children, teach effectively, and much more.Learn More
Kids Sunday School Place provides support for teachers, youth pastors, and children's ministry workers in over 140 countries throughout the world. Our vision is to make our children's ministry resources available to anyone with a God-given desire to share the Good News of Jesus with children. Join us in this important ministry.Learn More