*Buy 1 Get 1 for free plus Buy 1 Get 1 for 50% off. Discount is priced as marked in checkout. Discounted item will be the lowest priced item. Excludes Clearance and Select 3rd Party Merchandise. Not applicable to gift cards or prior purchases. May not be redeemed for cash or combined with other offers. Returns will be credited at the discounted price. Expires 10/31/19.
*Use code KSEOCTFREE to receive a free flashlight on orders of $75 or more. One gift per order. While supplies last. Valid online only. Qualification for free gift applies to subtotal only before shipping and tax. Returns will be credited at the discounted price. Not applicable to gift cards, prior purchases or when ordering from a catalog. May not be redeemed for cash or combined with other offers. Excludes Select 3rd Party Merchandise. Expires 10/30/19.
Trending This Week
King Size has been specializing in big and tall clothing for more than 60 years. As experts in hard-to-find fashion, we have all the basics and essentials you’ll ever need, like tees, jeans, and hoodies. We also stock the specialty items you want, like pants with customizable hems, extra-long silk ties, moisture-wicking materials, extra wide width shoes, and swimwear. Whether you require a 72-inch waist, a 38-inch inseam, or a 9XL shirt, we rise to the occasion by equipping every department with the specialty sizes you can't live without.WHAT ABOUT UNDERWEAR AND SLEEPWEAR?
Forget trying to hunt down skivvies and pajamas at big box department stores. Instead, browse our easy-to-navigate selection of underwear, robes, thermals, sleepwear, undershirts, slippers, and socks from the comfort of your own home. Designed to help you feel confident in your clothes, our undergarments include special features, like temperature control, roomy leg openings, stretch integration, and the latest in compression technology. Also, upgrade your weekend loungewear with a set of flannel pajamas, a plush bathrobe, and a pair of shearling-lined slippers.DO YOU CARRY NAME BRANDS?
With a vast selection of the latest men's big and tall garments, we're never lacking in name brand apparel. Our in-house labels, KS Sport, KS Island™, and KS Signature are loved by many, as are the clothes, accessories, and undergarments offered by Boulder Creek®, Liberty Blues®, Hanes®, Wranglers®, Levis®, New Balance®, and more. Plus, we have game day merchandise from the NFL®, NBA®, NHL®, and MLB®, so you can support all your favorite teams in style.WILL I FIND SUITS AT KING SIZE?
Every man should have at least one suit in his closet, especially because the matching pant/jacket combo is a look that never goes out of style and works in a variety of situations. By stocking complete men's big and tall suit sets, suit separates, sport coats, vests, and dress shirts that offer impeccable tailoring and extended sizes, you’ll be ready for work or special events at a moment’s notice. If you have a formal or black tie event, like a gala, wedding, theater opening, or charity event, coming up, then you’ll benefit from our tuxedo jackets and pants. Complete your formal ensemble with a bow tie or extra-long silk tie and a pair of dress shoes from our accessories shop.