Your benefits
- Rapid and easy
- 3D View
- Free of charge
- Without download
- Without registration
- Receive non-binding offers
The kitchenplanner.net kitchenplanner
The free kitchenplanner.net online planner is a 3D online kitchen planner that can help you with your kitchen planning. The kitchen planner is an easy-to-use software that runs smoothly on your computer without downloading.
It is that easy
-
1
After starting, read the introductory text and the instructions and you'll be guided safely through our virtual kitchen planner. You have many planning options here to ensure that your dream kitchen becomes a reality: The floor plan can be freely designed, no matter what you hope to achieve, whether you're planning a kitchenette, an L-kitchen, a U-kitchen or a G-kitchen with kitchen counter. The kitchen door and the kitchen windows can be freely placed.
-
2
You can make your kitchen dream come true with the versatile selection of kitchen furniture: When it comes to kitchen furniture, the base units are available in two cabinet heights, the tall units in four heights and the wall units or wall units in four heights. In addition, there are equipment cabinets, such as tall cabinets for a refrigerator or an oven, sink and hob cabinets; but also stainless steel refrigerators are available as standalone units.
-
3
After entering the furniture, you can design the kitchen design in your kitchen planning. There is an extensive selection of designs, colours and kitchen materials: Design wood kitchens, country kitchens, modern design kitchens, glossy kitchens or timeless classic kitchens - the matching kitchen fronts are available in a variety of colours.
-
4
You can go to the 3D view of the kitchen planner under menu item 5. Here you can position the camera yourself and then view and print your kitchen at your own leisure. Also, a view from above is possible, with the 3D kitchen planner taking you to the so-called bird's eye view.
-
5
In addition, you can use our buttons to contact a dealer in your area: Ask your kitchen designer questions about a kitchen professional in your area, make an appointment with one in your area or request an offer for your kitchen planning.