|News
|
DC8C 3.0.1 released
Wednesday, June 27, 2018
This maintenance update fixes wrong labels for min. and max. attack/release times on the GUIs of each Easy Mode.
Also, the dynamic latency reporting has been made more robust. The Global Settings now feature two extra options, you can use if your host doesn't fully support dynamic latency reporting for both realtime processing and offline rendering. See the updated manual for details.
DC8C 3 and DC1A 3 released
Monday, June 18, 2018
Major overhauls of DC1A and DC8C have been released. DC8C now includes GUI resizing, AGC, a proper preset browser, linear phase oversampling filters, optional peak metering, an optional soft clipper at the output and more. It's a free update for existing DC8C-users. Just log in to your user account and grab the newest version.
NOTE: Due to the many changes and a different framework both DC8C and DC1A have new plugin-ID. So you can use the new versions with older ones side by side in your projects. The new version won't replace old instances in existing projects.
MJUC 1.2.0 released
Friday, September 15, 2017
MJUC has been updated to version 1.2.0. - FIX: Logic Pro X: when used on a stereo bus, the right channel had sporadic dropouts, when only a dead centered mono signal was fed into that bus channel
- FIX: AAX only: partial reset of controls when moving an instance to another slot in the mixer or when deactivated and then activated again
- FIX: FLStudio: when using FLStudio's own preset management instead of MJUC's preset manager to save presets, not all settings were restored properly.
- CHANGE: the AB-States are now saved with the session
- CHNAGE: new Mac-installer
SDRR 2.0.1 released
Monday, June 19, 2017
SDRR 2 received a maintenance update, which fixes the broken latency reporting in the AAX version.
SDRR 2 and IVGI 2 released
Friday, June 16, 2017
Major overhauls of IVGI and SDRR have been released. SDRR now includes GUI resizing, AGC, a proper preset browser, new HQ options and more. It's a free update for existing SDRR-users. IVGI has got an additional mode now to offer a broader variety of sounds.
MJUC 1.1.1 released
Thursday, February 23, 2017
Fixed a bug, which caused the upcoming Tracktion/Waveform to crash when enabling MJUC's HQ-mode.
MJUC updated to version 1.1.
Wednesday, February 8, 2017
This update includes a more robust preset browser, fixes an occasional latency issue in Pro Tools, adds support for ProTools' gain reduction meters, vastly improved GUI performance, reworked VU (similar to VUMT now), better compatibility for older Windows versions (removes the need of an extra compiled version for Windows XP)... Current users can obtain the update by logging in to their user account.
VUMT & VUMT deluxe Maintenance Updates plus additional presets to download
Wednesday, January 25, 2017
VUMT & VUMT deluxe have been updated to version 2.1.1. The updates include a couple of minor fixes. Also, in VUMT deluxe's it's now possible to monitor the side(diff) signal either in-place OR centered/mono. User Roland Löhlbach (Studio Compyfox) has kindly provided additional VUMT&VUMTdeluxe-presets, which can be downloaded from here:
VUMT & VUMT deluxe updated to version 2.1
Wednesday, December 21, 2016
The updates include various fixes and a couple of new features, such as:
redesigned RMS meter incl. K-12, K-14 and K-20 scales with integrated peak-bargraph. VUMTdeluxe: new K-weighting filter for the RMS-meter, added 18dB HPF and LPF to the filters section, monitor each L and R channel either in place of centered and more. To get the update, just login to your account.
VUMT 2.0 & VUMT deluxe released
Wednesday, November 23, 2016
A major VUMT overhaul has been released. The new version includes many improvements and new features, such as RMS-metering, a proper preset browser, GUI resizing, more skins, a meters only mode and more.
This update is free for existing VUMT users and can be obtained from the user area.
There's also a brand new VUMT deluxe version now, which includes additional features, such as high-pass and low-pass-filters, a mono maker, a single band dynamics eq, a monitor section, more meter types, mute and polarity reverse options and more. Users of VUMT 1.x and users of the standard VUMT 2.x can upgrade to VUMT deluxe, by logging in to their account in the user area and use the PayPal button in their account to get the upgrade for 10 Euros.
MJUC jr. 1.0.1 & MJUC 1.0.2 maintenance updates
Thursday, July 30, 2015
MJUC jr. has been updated to version 1.0.1, which includes various fixes and stability/compatibility improvements for older Windows versions.
The big brother has been updated too. DENSITY and ISTAGE now trigger the AGC calculation too. The update also features the same compatibility improvements as MJUC jr.
MJUC 1.0.1 maintenance update
Friday, July 24, 2015
A first update for MJUC has been released and addresses issues reported since the initial release. MJUC-users can grab it from the user area.
MJUC and MJUC jr. released
Tuesday, July 14, 2015
After almost two years of R&D the new Klanghelm compressor has been release. As with previous Klanghelm releases, there's a free little brother too. The new compressor consists of three very different variable-mu compressor models, offering a wide range of tube compression implementations and also a modern new approach on this topology. MJUC is the first Klanghelm plugin, that's been coded with a new framework. It imparts a lot of new usability features, such as GUI-resizing, finally a decent preset browser with save/copy/paste/save-as-default functionality, A-B-ing, customizable knob-behavior and more. These features will find their way to the existing Klanghelm plugins later this year.
Follow Klanghelm on Twitter
Thursday, August 4, 2014
AAX64 is here
Thursday, July 31, 2014
All Klanghelm plugins have been updated and are available as AAX versions for both Mac and PC for Pro Tools 11. The updates include fixes and performance improvements. As always, the updates are free for existing users.
Website relaunch
Wednesday, June 29, 2014
Klanghelm.com has been rewritten and redesigned.
DC8C 2.2.1 released
Wednesday, February 4, 2014
DC8C 2.2.1 is up. It fixes the external side-chain in feedback affected modes.
DC8C 2.2 released
Wednesday, January 29, 2014
DC8C has been updated to version and includes lots of improvements, such as reworked feedback path, aligned oversampling modes and more...
DC1A 2 and DC8C 2.1 released
Monday, December 16, 2013
The free compressor DC1A has been enhanced and updated to the compression engine of DC8C 2. DC8C has been updated too and includes a new metering, new GUI(s) and various fixes
SDRR 1.0.1 released
Monday, September 23, 2013
A first maintenance update for SDRR can be found in the user area now. It fixes various minor issues and adds new presets by Don Tyler (Phase 47)
SDRR is available now
Monday, September 16, 2013
SDRR - the big brother of the free saturation plugin IVGI is available now.
DC8C 2 released
Friday, July 26, 2013
DC8C has been updated to version 2 with lots of improvement/changes/new features. The update is free for all existing DC8C users.
IVGI - saturation and distortion plugin released
Tuesday, June 18, 2013
Today Klanghelm's new free saturation and distortion plugin has been released. It's comparable to the DESK mode in the upcoming big brother SDRR
All plugins updated, RTAS versions released
Wednesday, September 05, 2012
I've updated all Klanghelm plugins. This is a maintenance update, which fixes some minor issues. Also, all Klanghelm plugins are now available in RTAS format too. DC8C RTAS is only available for Windows at the moment. All other plugins offer RTAS versions for OSX and Windows.
DC8C 1.2 incl. VST3
Wednesday, May 16, 2012
DC8C has been updated again. VST3 support has been added for both OSX and Win. External side-chaining is also possible in EASY mode now. The zero latency switch has been removed, since DC8C is always zero latency now. The intro will still last at least until the end of may.
DC8C updated to version 1.1
Thursday, April 12, 2012
DC8C has been updated.
Changes:
-OSX: better behavior of the switches
-FIX: SC-HPF in EASY mode is working now
-slightly cleaner GUI, better readability of the value displays
-redesigned side-chain filters
-GR meter now reflects actual gain reduction and attack/release times
-NEW: soft bypass (by clicking at the meters, smooth transition from compressed to clean signal and vice versa)
-NEW: SIDE-CHAIN LISTEN
-NEW: external (stereo) side-chain
DC8C 1.0 released
Monday, March 19, 2012
After more than six months of development DC8C - a new deep compressor has been released. Lots of info plus audio demos can be found at the dedicated DC8C pages.
Intro offer of 20 Euro will last at least until the end of march.
DC1A updated to version 1.1
Monday, March 05, 2012
DC1A has been updated to version 1.1. A new RELAXED mode has been added to make DC1A more suitable for bass heavy material and mix buss duties. The new RELAXED mode offers longer time constants and less saturation. Analog noise and fluctuations are completely disabled in this mode. Furthermore there are no distortion artifacts, aliasing or intermodulation taking place in RELAXED mode.
DC1A released
Friday, March 02, 2012
DC1A, a new free compressor, has been released. I've taken one of my favorite compression styles from the upcoming compression monster DC8C and put it into a lightweight two knob context. Enjoy.
Website Re-Launch
Thursday, March 01, 2012
Klanghelm.com has been redesigned from ground up to prepare the release of the two new plugins DC1A and DC8C.
VUMT 1.8.2 released
Thursday, February 09, 2012
VUMT has been updated to version 1.8.2
VUMT is now also available in VST3 format (win/osx/x32/x64).
Both Mac and Windows versions got a dedicated installer.
the PPM mode has now its own reference level.
Finally it's now possible to type in negative values.
The update is free for existing customers.
VUMT 1.5.7 released
Monday, October 17, 2011
VUMT taken to the next level.
Lots of improvements and new features.
It's now a fully tweak-able VU meter.
A new settings panel to adjust rise/fallback times of the meter and a new unique overshoot parameter so you can replicate your favorite analog VU meter you are familiar with.
New smoother, even more accurate needle animation.
Additional PPM mode implemented with adjustable rise/fall times
improved clip LED (lights up yellow/orange when exceeding a predefined level - you headroom) and turns red when digital clipping is taking place
switchable numerical readout for peak and VU values.
Switchable hold needle which shows the current max VU value
and more..
Of course the update is free for existing customers.
VUMT released
Monday, September 05, 2011
Klanghelm is excited to release its first plugin today:
VUMT: VU meter and trim plugin.
It's available in both VST and AU format, 32Bit and 64Bit, Windows and OSX (Intel Mac).
A standalone version of the plugin for Mac and Windows-PC is also included.
It costs 5 Euro.
To learn more about the plugin please go to the products section.
Website Launch
Sunday, September 04, 2011
Klanghelm.com is online