We teamed up with Klean Ambassador Brett Edwards and to make a fun fall cocktail that captures the flavors of the season. A Grilled Orange Julep Cocktail is a tasty treat any time of year, especially served ice cold with the TKPro.
To celebrate Oktoberfest, we took a little Klean pub crawl of our own, visiting a few of our favorite breweries around the country who are serving up more than just tasty brews, but also supporting our mission of reusable solutions.
Klean Ambassador and photographer Atticus Radley recently did a road trip from NYC to Maine, with an attempt to go #plasticfree all weekend. He gave us an honest account of his experiences and challenges out on the road.
International Customers: We value our worldwide distributor partnerships and do not ship directly outside of the U.S. Please support your local retailers by searching our Store Locator which includes international locations.
You may also select a region below to visit one of our translated microsites and shop featured online stores in those regions.
Choose Your Country:
You have the option of proceeding to our main site, with the knowledge that we don't ship directly outside of the U.S. Browse our full product range and learn more about our company.
Thanks for your support!
International Customer: We value our worldwide distributor partnerships and do not ship directly outside of the U.S.
Please support local retailers by searching our Store Locator which includes international locations. You may also visit SITE_PLACEHOLDER to shop featured online stores in your region. You may proceed to our main U.S. site, but know that we don't ship directly to your area.
Thanks for your support!
Klean Kanteen
International Customer: We value our worldwide distributor partnerships and do not ship directly outside of the U.S.
Please support local retailers by searching our Store Locator which includes international locations. You may also visit https://www.kleankanteen.co.uk to shop featured online stores in your region. You may proceed to our main U.S. site, but know that we don't ship directly to your area.