HURRY! BEST OFFER ON SEASON PASSES ENDS OCTOBER 27.
Get one free visit this year, plus enjoy unlimited visits in 2020 with no blackout dates, exclusive discounts, and more! As low as 11 payments of $8 after initial payment.
UPCOMING EVENTSSkip to Next Section
KNOTT'S BERRY FARM. CALIFORNIA'S 1st THEME PARK.
Knott’s Berry Farm is a world-renowned theme park built from the humblest of beginnings. What started as a small berry farm soon began to grow into a family theme park destination thanks to famous fried chicken dinners, boysenberries and an Old West Ghost Town. Knott’s Berry Farm now bursts with attractions and entertainment for all ages, including first-class roller coasters, stage shows, interactive experiences, delicious food creations and family-friendly fun featuring Snoopy and the Peanuts Gang. The once small family farm has grown into today's family fun destination; home to the Knott's Berry Farm theme park, Knott's Soak City Waterpark and Knott's Berry Farm Hotel.
Knott's Berry Farm Theme Park
160 Acres of Family Fun
From the atmosphere of the park's 4 themed areas to the heart-pounding thrills of the speeding coasters and neverending fun of the award-winning entertainment and unique seasonal events, Knott's Berry Farm will entertain and amaze the entire family all year long.
FunPix
Starting at $29.99
Get unlimited digital photos all day or all season with a FunPix Photo Pass, including select on-ride, front gate, and Peanuts Meet & Greet photos. Plus, you'll enjoy a discount on FunPix photo prints.
All Day Dining
For Only $31.99
Dine all day for one low price and save with an All Day Dining plan!
Knott's Berry Farm Tickets
As Low As $49
Save up to $35 when you buy tickets to Knott's Berry Farm online.
Knott's Scary Farm Tickets
Starting at $45
Enter the fog, where nightmares never end, with admission to Knott's Scary Farm.
Fright & Fast Lane
As Low As $90
Receive unlimited priority access for all Scary Farm mazes plus priority boarding on all Fast Lane rides including HangTime, GhostRider, Voyage to the Iron Reef, and more.
Admission not included.
HEAR IT HERE FIRST!
Don't miss the latest Knott's Berry Farm social media posts.