Get an extra 20% OFF
on your first purchase!
"Enhance your business capacities through custom plugins or module development."
If you have been looking forward to a name that would provide an exemplary solution for eCommerce plugin development, Knowband is your one-stop destination. Knowband is one of the most popular names in the industry when you want a marketing firm or eCommerce plugin development. Since the establishment of the firm, we have devoted our time and experience in providing eCommerce extensions for the numerous platforms including Prestashop, Magento, OpenCart, Magento 2, WooCommerce, Shopify and others. With the aim to provide only the best to their clients, Knowband offers efficient extensions and best-in-class customer support. After spending such a long time in the eCommerce industry, we have earned the trust of hundreds and thousands of happy customers and have achieved far from what we started with.
With a team of competent and knowledgeable IT professionals, we make sure that we meet our deadlines by delivering superb, feature-rich modules to the customers. As a result, these eCommerce extensions build a strong and successful online store that provide functional services to the customers.
No matter if you already have an eCommerce business or are in the Blueprint stage, you would come across hurdles that need expert advice and solutions. That’s exactly where we’ll be there to help you overcome the hurdles and manage the web design, conversions, and sales, traffic on your store, enhance the customer experience and do so much more. Knowband believes in developing prominent solutions to convert your online store into a well developed, attractive and customer-friendly platform with the help of extremely functional and powerful extensions.
If you already have an established eCommerce site, then, the Multi vendor Marketplace extensions for the respective CMS frameworks can help you in the quest of expansion. The marketplace plugins offers complete solution to convert your single-vendor eCommerce site into a multi-seller marketplace. You can now convert your site into a fully-functional marketplace platform where multiple sellers can list and sell their product.
With the aim of assisting the e-merchants to stay abreast of the market trends, Knowband offers marketplace integration extensions for platforms like eBay, Etsy, Walmart and Google Shopping. These integrators enable them to leverage the power multi-channel selling and tap the customer base globally.
We have innovated intuitive Mobile App Builder for Prestashop, Magento 1 & 2, WooCommerce, OpenCart and others. The stand alone CMS-based eCommerce mobile apps created by Knowband’s Mobile App Builder helps the e-retailers delve into the m-commerce industry without indulging into complex codings. The robust solution can turn your app idea into reality with feature-rich mobile apps for both Android and iOS platforms.
We work on a wide variety of eCommerce platforms including Prestashop, Opencart, Magento, Magento 2, Shopify, WooCommerce and others with their respective that are needed to take your eCommerce business to the whole new level. Some of the most popular extensions that you would be able to find at Knowband.com include:
We believe in taking care of your eCommerce problems before and after the sale of the plugins because a long-term relationship is what we’re looking for. Choose us to offer your customers a highly enhanced and wonderful shopping experience. To know more about eCommerce modules and extensions offered here or for any query contact us at support@Knowband.com.
Hi, this is Ernesto Zabalza from Mexico and I want to say that The Extensions being offered by Knowband solve the real business problems and I am using their Prestashop Marketplace Addons for my e-commerce website. I needed support to get the extension to work on my website and Knowband's support was exemplary. They got the job done to my satisfaction and within time. I really liked their product and service and would definitely come back for more in future. I really recommend them and thank you so much to the knowband team.
My name is Maria, CEO of UAU BUSINESS SOLUTIONS, from Portugal. http://www.uaubusinesssolutions.com/ Fantastic team Fantastic support Great solutions Will always come back for more solutions 100 % recommend them
I'm using Product Size chart - Prestashop Addons, One Page Supercheckout - Prestashop Addons and other plugins from Knowband, they really works good. I needed assistance to solve some conflict in my website and they reacted promptly solving my issues. Absolutely recommended.
Brilliant Plugin - Spin 2 Win ! I've used a lot of plugins in the last 3-4 years to generate sales, the above said plugin is unbeatable in terms of subscriber generation & eventually sales.Big ups for the support too ! Cheers !
Thanks to the whole Knowband team. They really help me a lot when I need their support installing one of their modules, the one about RGPD. So this video is for you!
One Page Super checkout - Love thatOne Page Super checkout - I simply like this extension. It easy to install and setup its take 5 mins :). Also support was excellent as i needed some changes - job was done quick and prefect. RECOMMEND
KnowBand has a great variety on module for many popular e-commerce software. I bought 2 modules from them for my Prestashop store. The auto suggest search module and the one-page supercheckout module. Both work like a charm. I had a little compatibility issue with my payment module and the supercheckout module, but they kindly fixed it for free. Thanks to the supercheckout module, my sales are already much higher. I really like KnowBand. If you're in doubt to buy a module from them, don't, you won't regret it. Believe me...
Knowband - what a great company. We purchased their module for prestashop - One Page Checkout - Supercheckout. I needed support to get the extension to work on my website and Knowband's support was exemplary. They got the job done to my satisfaction and within time. But better than that, I had a few ideas to enhance the module to work even better for us, and they even modified the core product with these changes for us. I really liked their product and service and would definitely come back for more in future. I 100% recommend them.
Hi I am islan from Chicago. I bought one page checkout for Prestashop from Knowband and the entire experience is very simple and very awesome. The module is working fantastic and icing on the cake is the support team from Knowband. I had some configuration issues after I had raised a ticket they immediately connected with me and we had a video call to explain the issue. And the guy took less than an hour to resolve that issue and I have never come across a service provider like this. I recommend you, anyone looking to buy Prestashop module to buy from Knowband. They will be there for you to help
I have my own online shop on Prestashop and Knowband modules help me to solve many problems. Their modules (Free shipping manager and cash on delivery with fee) solve different issues of Prestashop's default version with different possibility of customization. Even their customer service is incredible, aswers within a day and available on all issues; you don't even have time to concern about your problem that is already solved. Last but not least Knowband's modules cost less than other modules with same purposes and solutions.Thanks for all Knowband Malcom
This is the best module for checkout. fully customizable! Questo è sicuramente il miglior modulo per semplificare il checkout in prestashop e incrementare le vendite! Super personalizzabile!
I recently got a mobile app created for my eCommerce site with Knowband's mobile app builder. The best thing is the app was delivered to me in full working mode within 3-5 working days. On the other hand, the other developers were taking way more time to create the same from scratch. The app is excellent and absolutely bug-free. We took the reviews of our customers and they are absolutely satisfied with the app functioning. Knowband’s support team is very pro-active and provided me with every required help. For all those who are looking to build an app for their Magento store, this is the real deal.
Firstly, I would like to mention that Knowband's mobile app builder is the easiest mobile app development solution. My personal experience working with Knowband has been pleasant. Their Prestashop Mobile App Builder has almost all the must-have features right from easy login and checkout to automatic connectivity with my website. The developed app even has a customizable home screen which allows me to configure app layout on our own. I just loved this feature. I was able to design my app as per my choice in just a few clicks. Also, the support team helped us in publishing the app on Play store and Apple store. Would definitely recommend this Mobile app builder for Prestashop to all the store owners who are not from technical background like me.
Creating an app with Knowband’s Magento 2 Mobile App Builder has been the right choice for me. Recently, I got to know about this non-coding mobile app solution and developed an app for my website. The app has an amazing interface and is fully connected with my store. Knowband even provided the complete backend access for easy app management. The price which I paid for this could have been a lot more with hiring any professional developer. The support team had been prompt and assisted me with every possible support. Thank You Knowband for saving my money and efforts!
As soon I got stability in my eCommerce business, I decided to launch a mobile app for the same. I went through a list of many options and took free demos too and finally I decided to settle down with PrestaShop mobile app builder by Knowband. I bought it for both Android and iOS platforms and within 2-3 days I got the mobile apps developed and ready to use for my customers. It’s been few months and till now my experience with it is outstanding. Their highly supportive team is always available with the best expert solutions to my query within time. With many features inculcated, customers are delighted and sharing good reviews for it’s user interface. The best part of this app builder is it’s multi lingual support feature through which I was able to expand my brand reach in regional areas too. This resulted in good profits and overall growth of my business.
My name is Chiff from Nigeria, so recently I bought this Knowband Marketplace module, their support team helped me to setup and configure, they were so amazing their service was so nice, like I had an issue with the checkout module and they helped me to fix it within no time, within a very short time. I loved that so much.
Modules offered by Knowband solves real business problems. Some of the modules developed for Prestashop like One Page Supercheckout, Cash on delivery with Fee and many more. To get the extension to work on the store, the Knowband support was great. They got the job done to my satisfaction and within time. I really liked their support and will definitely come back for more in the future. I highly recommend them. 100% trust-worthy.
I highly recommend this team, they are just great! I bought Spin and Win - Entry, Exit and Email subscription pop up - Prestashop Addons, Infinite Scroll - Prestashop Addons, One Page Supercheckout - Prestashop Addons and definitely will buy more. Also, great support, quickly and efficiently compatibility issues are solved. All modules are optimized and work perfectly, do not disturbs a database and e-shop actions. A code is clean. You can see all the active models in our e-shop: https://www.s-xxl.lt. Greetings from Lithuania! Good luck!