The Kognity platform allows teachers to effortlessly support their students to reach new goals. Our interactive features have been designed with both the student and teacher in mind, allowing teachers to save time, whilst providing individually crafted pathways for each student. Let our technology do the overtime, so you can get back to your passion: teaching.
Our intelligent textbooks are created by experts to be 100% aligned to your curriculum. Embedded videos, 3D models and graphs give students a personalised and fun learning experience, so that they engage with the material, self-assess, self- study, and build confidence.
Teachers can set and manage individual assignments or class-wide homework, either as auto-correcting questions from our extensive question bank, or as reading and comprehension tasks. This provides options for a seamless flipped learning approach and saves teachers valuable time.
Monitoring student progress has never been easier with Kognity’s statistics feature, making it simple for teachers to identify each student’s needs to help differentiate their teaching. Students can track their own progress through each subject and discover where to focus their efforts to achieve the best results.
Winner
Singularity U Nordic Start-Up Stage 2018
Startup of the Year
Serendipity Challenge 2018
Winner
EdTechXGlobal All Stars Growth Awards 2018
Winner
Di Digital Startup Tour 2018
students helped
countries
teachers supported
Our intelligent textbooks are 100% aligned to each curriculum and created by subject experts. We continuously update each one to the latest specifications meaning you and your students will always have access to the most relevant information for their course. Take a look at our subjects per curriculum below.
Popular IBDP subjects
Popular IGCSE subjects
Popular GCSE subjects
Contact us today and your local Kognity expert will schedule a walk-through of our platform with you. We can answer any questions you might have and even set you up to try Kognity out.
REQUEST A DEMO