Payments Fraud Prevention
Learn how Kount prevents digital payment transaction fraud.
Expand your digital revenue channels, enhance customer experience, and reduce false positives with next generation AI-driven fraud prevention and advanced analytics.Get a Demo
Protecting more than 6,500 businesses worldwide.
Kount’s patented fraud prevention technology combines device fingerprinting, supervised and unsupervised machine learning, a robust policy and rules engine, business intelligence tools, and a web-based case-management and investigation system.
Learn how Kount prevents digital payment transaction fraud.
Learn how Kount prevents new account creation fraud.
Learn how Kount protects against account takeovers.
Customers
Countries
Decision Time
Processed
Annually
Kount’s unique approach and patented technology creates a multitude of benefits for our clients. Here are a few examples.
Learn how Kount helps reduce chargebacks.
Learn how Kount helps reduce the amount of time spent on manual reviews.
Learn how Kount helps to reduce fraud for mobile apps, mobile wallets, and more.
Learn how Kount helps merchants accept more good orders.
Kount partners with the world’s largest acquiring banks, payment gateways, e-commerce and technology platforms, and other organizations to provide their merchants with payments fraud prevention, new accounts fraud prevention, and account takeover protection.Learn More
By deploying Kount, U.S. Polo reduced their chargeback rate by 92%, had a 10 to 1 return on investment, and had higher mobile conversions.
By using Kount, Silver Jeans reduced their chargeback rate by 99% and reopened sales to international buyers.
By using Kount, The Vitamin Shoppe was able to cut product losses by 60% and minimize manual reviews.
By deploying Kount, BodyBuilding.com saw a 14% decrease in declined orders and increased operational efficiency.
By integrating Kount, BlueSnap payments saw a 50% increase in transaction volume and reduced their merchant portfolio chargeback rate 5x.
Want to learn more about Kount? Check out a few of these resources.
Fraud prevention using supervised and unsupervised machine learning.
Gain inside knowledge about breakthroughs in payments and fraud prevention.
Fraud prevention using supervised and unsupervised machine learning.
Gain inside knowledge about breakthroughs in payments and fraud prevention.
Fraud prevention using supervised and unsupervised machine learning.
Kount fraud prevention experts are happy to help. Contact us today.