Business Intelligence and Investigations
Providing firms with investigative expertise to help resolve conflict.
Duff & Phelps surveyed 2,150 millennials to reveal if they will buy fewer cars than prior generations.
Kroll Cyber Risk specialists regularly publish articles, blogs, studies and books that help our clients better understand the changing business landscape.
Our annual survey provides a view into how firms are grappling with the constant of regulatory compliance against a backdrop of continual change.
Kroll and Ethisphere once again partnered to analyze converging third party risk.
Kroll, a division of Duff & Phelps, is the leading global provider of risk solutions. We've been helping clients make confident risk management decisions for more than 45 years.
We specialize in identifying, remediating and monitoring risk across your enterprise. We address each client issue with a unique team tailored to your situation.
Kroll is a division of Duff & Phelps, which employs more than 3,500 employees in over 70 offices around the world.
Providing firms with investigative expertise to help resolve conflict.
Complying with anti-money laundering and anti-bribery and corruption regulations.
End-to-end cyber security services provided by unrivaled experts.
Services include drafting communications, full-service mailing, alternate notifications.
Helping clients anticipate/respond to a myriad of facility, operational, and employee security challenges
Managing Director and Global Practice Leader
Business Intelligence and Investigations
LondonTom Everett-Heath
Managing Director and Global Practice Leader
Compliance Risk and Diligence
New YorkSteven Bock
Senior Managing Director and Global Practice Leader
Cyber Risk
Los AngelesJason N. Smolanoff
Senior Managing Director and Global Practice Leader
Security Risk Management
New YorkTimothy V. Horner
Managing Director and Global Head of Governance, Risk, Investigations and Disputes
BostonCarl Jenkins
Global Risk
Compliance
by Daniel Hartnett
Cyber Risk
by Keith Wojcieszek
Cyber Risk
by Thomas Brittain
October 2-3, 2019 New York
October 2, 2019 Webinar
We use cookies to give you the best possible user experience. View our privacy policy to find out more.