“According to reports on the scanner, one person was trapped. However, that has not been confirmed but there are a large number of law enforcement in the area.”
DONATE to Redheaded Blackbelt – kymkemp.com
Top Stories
News and Features
Crime
[UPDATE 1:45 p.m.] One at Gunpoint After Traffic Collision on Broadway; Both Southbound Lanes Blocked
“There is a person at gun point…a bad car accident and a lot of chaos on broadway by tres amigas.”
A SENSE OF PLACE: Nature, Culture, and Community
Handfuls of Home
Odd, Old News: At the Mercy of a Crazy Driver
“[W]hen the driver asked Condon if he had a gun on him and receiving a reply in the negative, suddenly pounced upon Condon and endeavored to throw him off the seat.”
Good News
Fortuna High School Grads Have New Scholarship Option Thanks to Generous Gift
“Each scholarship will be for up to $4,000. Graduates who enroll as freshmen at HSU will receive $1,000 per year, up to four years.”
Cannabis Cache
Governor Signs Cannabis Appellation Bill
“The law takes into account the critical ingredients to a successful appellation designation such as geographic location, soil types, farming techniques and microclimates,”
Need to Know
Check This Out
Halloween at the Headwaters: Take a Guided Walk by Candlelight Through a Ghost Town This Saturday
“The round trip, candle-light tour is about a mile on a paved, accessible surface and lasts about 90 minutes.”
Can You Help?
Have you Seen This Stolen 4Runner?
It has black Tacoma wheels, tinted windows and TRD stickers on the rear quarter-panels.
Other Voices: Columns, Letters, and Announcements
Letters to the Editor/ Columns
SoHum Grad Student Who Wrote Informative Piece About Power Outage Last Week, Corrects Error in New Letter to the Editor
“I would first like to offer my sincerest apologies for this error.”
Announcements
Merle ‘Butch’ Dean Campbell: ‘A friend and an uncle to everyone that he met.’
“A celebration of life for Butch will be held at Elbutmo Ranch on November 9 from 1pm -5pm. Please bring your favorite dish and story to share with family and friends.”