This exhibition celebrates one of Ben Shahn’s significant early social commentar…
Hidden Narratives brings together a selection of recent acquisitions from LACMA’…
In conjunction with On-Site: Neighborhood Partnerships with the Los Angeles Coun…
In Sound Stories, Christian Marclay (United States, b. 1955) fuses art and techn…
Chris Burden's Metropolis II is an intense kinetic sculpture, modeled after a fa…
Presented at the original Otis Art Institute campus where Charles White was the…
Since the 1980s, Chinese contemporary artists have cultivated intimate relations…
Isaac Julien CBE RA (United Kingdom, b. 1960) is an artist and filmmaker whose m…
Frank Stella (b. 1936) has been a pivotal figure in the development of modern ar…
Betye Saar (b. 1926, Los Angeles) is one of the most talented artists of her gen…
Co-organized by the Los Angeles County Museum of Art and The Whitney Museum of A…
Beyond Line: The Art of Korean Writing will be the first exhibition held outside…
Mary Corse’s first solo museum survey is a long overdue examination of this sing…
Do Ho Suh’s works elicit a physical manifestation of memory, exploring ideas of…
Perhaps the most dominant art form of the last 100 years, film has an important…
Tuesday Matinees
Enjoy over 100 concerts a year! Concerts feature leading international and local…
Art & Music,Jazz at LACMA,Latin Sounds,Sundays Live
Painting, printmaking, collage, and more! LACMA offers art classes for kids, tee…
Random International’s Rain Room (2012) is an immersive environment of perpetual…
Rain Room
Typography is at the heart of visual communication. The selection, organization,…
The first substantial project on the art of Fiji to be mounted in the United Sta…
Few artists in Chinese history have proven as enigmatic as the great Ming dynast…
Rufino Tamayo (1899–1991) was a leading Mexican artist of the 20th century who a…
From February 2017 to January 2019, New York-based artist Vera Lutter was invite…
Yoshitomo Nara is among the most beloved Japanese artists of his generation. His…
On view at LACMA for the first time in almost 20 years, Slowly Turning Narrative…
LACMA’s modern collection will be relocated from the Ahmanson Building to the to…
LACMA’s Acquisitions Group and Art Council members share a deep affinity for the…
Art Councils,Acquisition Groups,Art of the Middle East: CONTEMPORARY,Asian Art Council,Costume Council,Decorative Arts and Design Council,LENS: Photography Council,Modern and Contemporary Art Council,Prints and Drawings Council
Welcome to the employment page of the Los Angeles County Museum of Art. To see a…
Jobs,Careers,Internships,Volunteer