What is this "START IT NOW...START IT TODAY"?
Civil Service Examination is a challenge against time. Early you start, better the dividends are!
Achievement seems to be connected with actions. We at La Excellence IAS take the right actions in designing course programs to help aspirants to crack the Civil Services Examination.
The PCM is a classroom based program which provides students with comprehensive subject knowledge for both Prelims and Mains Examination.Learn More
The PCM is a classroom based program which provides students with comprehensive subject knowledge for both Prelims and Mains Examination.Learn More
La Excellence IAS is one of the best IAS coaching centers in Hyderabad with more than 10 years of experience in preparing future bureaucrats in the most simple and successful way. Our training program not only helps them in cracking the Civil Services Examination, but also makes them the most successful citizens in the society.
Civil Service Examination is a challenge against time. Early you start, better the dividends are!
We have FOUNDATIONAL package of NCERT Videos, TESTS, Daily Newspaper Analysis to kickstart your preparation.
Comprehensive and updated study material prepared by our academic experts, toppers and dedicated R&D team. We are proud to announce that La Excellence IAS alone has dedicated R&D team.
La Excellence has effective Micro Schedule for both REGULAR and WEEKEND classes.
Dont worry, we have backup classes. Every class is recorded and made available as backup class.
Oh!! We have plenty of assistance for you. Daily CURRENT AFFAIRS Analysis (CORE VIDEOS) and EDITORIAL Analysis (DEEP)
La Excellence monitors students progress and its own progress too! For students, DAILY, WEEKLY and MONTHLY tests are followed by TEST SERIES. At institutional level, regular teacher assessments, upgradation modules, continuous education programs are available.
We offer MENTORSHIP program, one-to-one counselling and effective learning.
Yes, we consider students as an extension of La Excellence Family. A dedicated team of mentors works for senior students.
Still have doubts? Post in your queries and we will get back to you.
1-10-223/S, Ashok Nagar Extension, Lower Tankbund, Kavadiguda, Hyderabad, Telangana 500020
info@laex.in
+91 9052 19 2929