Our Most Popular Categories
Check Out Our Latest News & Articles
Guide to Clearing Land: Costs & Options to Consider
Whether a property owner wants to clear some land to build a home, add aesthetic value, or reduce tree disease spread, clearing land is a necessary yet labor-intensive process. Below is a debriefing on what to expect when clearing land and how to properly clear land. Solo Land Clearing: CostsSolo clearing may be the m...
Foreclosure 101: What is It and How Does It Work?
There’s bound to be at least one foreclosed property in any town, but foreclosure as a process might seem unclear to those new to the housing market or first-time homeowners. Foreclosure is a fate most people want to avoid, so learning about foreclosure and the many steps before it happens is the best way to protect...
Emerging US Areas with Affordable Properties and Land
It’s no secret that some areas in the US are no longer affordable for most residents. News outlets have recounted shocking stories about the prices of real estate in places like New York City, San Francisco, and Chicago. Big-city home costs are pricing out middle-class American and making it nearly impossible to sett...
Check Out Our Showcases
Prices From$149
Different Cities1844
Listings Sold34417
Business Since2006
Seller Reviews
Ben Harris
Harris Investments, LLC
I have done business with landcentury for 5 years now. I am very pleased with the experience I have had with them, and have always found them to operate with honesty, integrity, and dedication. They are committed to offering the best price while making sure they are selling a property that they believe a real estate buyer will be happy with. They are available, quick to answer calls or return messages, and always cooperative and accommodating. I would very strongly recommend landcentury.com to anyone.
David Waronker
Desert Mountain Land Holdings, LLC
As you are aware, we have worked worked with Land Century since its start back in 2006. I wanted to thank you for all your professionalism, the quick follow up, the integrity with how you operate and for helping us buy and sell hundreds of properties across the USA. As you know, about two years ago we directed all our lots sales and purchases exclusively through your office. You continue to be a great partner and I look forward to many more years working together.
Scott Meservey
APXN Property, LLC
We have been working with Land Century for almost a year now and have had a great experience! Land Century gets us more leads than any of our other marketing efforts. The people that contact us through their site are real and are interested in the land we are listing. Land Century has been easy to deal with and has always performed with integrity. We look forward to working with Land Century for many years to come!! Thanks Land Century!!
Adam Harrison
Adam Harrison
Yes I noticed the changes and way to go on raising the bar. I will admit, when I first heard about your platform, quite a while ago, I had my doubts and concerns, because I had signed up for other platforms that simply took my money and never performed. But since I took the plunge and I am happy I did (and so is my bank account) your website has consistently been a top performer for me in regards to generating leads and sales. I have no doubts that if you came up with an even higher tier with even more exposure I would seriously look at upgrading to it.