Joke of the dAYMore Jokes
Q :How did Harry Potter get down the hill?
A: Walking......Jk,Rowling
Tweet of the day
Just found out that I’M the reason why I’m broke... Shocked and confused
THE LAUGH FACTORY MAGAZINE
Laugh Factory Hollywood Featured on America's Got Talent 2017
by The Editors
Preacher Lawson and Howie Mandel took a trip to the World Famous Laugh Factory for America's Got Talent. Watch the full clip here: ...Read More
Tom Dreesen Has a Message for the PC Police
by Tom Dreesen
Steve Martin is one of the finest gentlemen you'll ever meet. For him to be attacked because he said, "When he met Carrie Fisher he thought she was the most beautiful creature he had ever see...Read More
Laugh Factory Magazine Petitions Presidential Candidates to Take a Lie Detector Test
by Jamie Masada
Jokes are funny things. When they first appear they amuse or shock, and eventually they tire.The Washington Post recently resurrected and rejuvenated an old joke. It goes like this: “How ca...Read More
The World According to Robin Williams
by Roy Sekoff
Way back in 1983 Roy Sekoff, now President and Chief Creative Officer at The Huffington Post, sat down to interview a comedy legend. That legend? None other than Robin Williams. Take a trip down memor...Read More
Interview with the World's Funniest Broad: Joan Rivers
by Jamie Masada
Go back to a time that Laugh Factory founder Jamie Masada sat down with Joan Rivers at Spago’s Restaurant in Hollywood. Here's Joan as we remember her -- down to earth and funny. Always funn...Read More
Steve Martin: Life after Brains
by Jamie Masada
The Laugh Factory Magazine: Is there anything you prefer not to discuss and what would you like to say about it? Steve Martin: I would prefer not discussing the fact that I am shrinking at the rate o...Read More
Larry David: The Man Behind Seinfeld
by The Editors
Back before he became Bernie and even back before Curb Your Enthusiasm, Larry David was known as the man behind Seinfeld. The Laugh Factory Magazine sat down with him then in an interview that gives y...Read More
A Doper's Guide to Fitness
by Tommy Chong
It's strange that a doper comedian like myself is writing about fitness. Most people think that dopers and good health don’t’ go together. It’s like expecting neo-Nazis to drink ...Read More
SORRY, CONTENT ACCESS RESTRICTED
- This video contains TV-MA rated content. To access this video, you must register, provide your birthdate, and opt-in to receiving TV-MA rated content
- This video is only available in an uncensored version. To access this video, you must register, provide your birth date, and opt-in to receiving uncensored content.