About Laurentian University
One of Canada's Top Undergraduate Universities
Small class sizes ensure you're treated as an individual and supported through your education.
Graduates earn Ontario's second highest average income.
For eight years, we've led the province in graduate employment rates.
Arts and Culture at Laurentian University
#LUartscultureUL
Laurentian University is host to many arts and cultural events, activities, and groups. Our tricultural mandate values university experiences in both English and French, while promoting Indigenous perspectives and cross-cultural understanding.
We draw in the Sudbury community with our numerous events hosted at our campus and the downtown McEwen School of Architecture, and bring recognition to Laurentian through our partnerships with other events and venues around the city.
It's all here.
More students are choosing Laurentian and we are excited to let you know why. We have award winning programs, a multi-cultural learning atmosphere, and a breath-taking campus. We have a proven track record in preparing graduates for a bright and rewarding future.
Laurentian University Strategic Plan 2018-2023
#Imagine2023 is about demonstrating the shared values and strengths that make us who we are. They are impressive on their own, but taken together, they tell a powerful story about who we are and all we have to offer.
Our plan is a reflection of our students, faculty, and staff, their work, and the positive impact Laurentian will continue to make in the world. Together, we will shape the future.
Upcoming Events
Saturday October 26, 2019 at 10 a.m.
For the conferring of Bachelor: of Arts 3-year and 4-year; of Fine Arts; of Social Work; of Indigenous Social Work; of Sciences 4-year in Psychology; Master: of Arts in Interdisciplinary Health, in Psychology; of Indigenous Relations; of Health Sciences in Orthophonie; of Social Work; Doctorate: of Philosophy in Human Studies; and a Doctorate of Laws (honoris causa) upon Cindy Blackstock.
Saturday October 26, 2019 at 3:00 p.m.
For the conferring of Bachelor: of Physical and Health Education (including B.Sc. Kinesiology and B.A. Sport Psychology); of Business Administration; of Commerce, of Sports Administration; of Science in Nursing; of Science (3-year) and (4-year); of Science Liberal (3-year) and (4-year); of Engineering; of Forensic Identification; in Radiation Therapy; Master: of Business Administration; of Architecture; of Human Kinetics; of Science Communication; of Science in Nursing/Nurse Practitioner Graduate Diploma; of Science in Biology, in Computational Sciences, in Geology; of Applied Science; of Engineering; Doctorate: of Philosophy in Biomolecular Sciences, in Natural Resources Engineering, and in Rural and Northern Health.
Visit Alumni's convocation page for more information.
Come visit us at OPEN HOUSE
Project Management Essentials
November 4-6, 2019
This course is designed to give new project managers and project team members an overview of the various tools and techniques of project management and the key elements needed to deliver successful projects. This course covers the complete project lifecycle from initiating, through project planning and execution, to project close-out. 21 PDUs
10% discount for Laurentian Alumni and PMI-NOC members.
Please contact DLeroy@laurentian.ca or 705-675- 1151 x7222 to obtain your discount code.
Project Communications & Stakeholder Management
November 7, 2019
This course is designed to provide participants with an understanding of the complexity of managing stakeholders and project communications. We will cover the processes, tools and techniques of Project Communications and Project Stakeholder Management as presented in the PM BOK Guide®. 7 PDUs.
10% discount for Laurentian Alumni and PMI-NOC members.
Please contact DLeroy@laurentian.ca or 705-675- 1151 x7222 to obtain your discount code.
Project Closeout Best Practices
November 8, 2019
This workshop introduces project managers to the best practices for getting final signoffs and closing out projects. Project managers will come away with a structured closeout framework, and some templates that can be used to complete an orderly project closeout. 7 PDUs.
10% discount for Laurentian Alumni and PMI-NOC members.
Please contact DLeroy@laurentian.ca or 705-675- 1151 x7222 to obtain your discount code.
Microsoft Project Essentials
November 11-12, 2019
This fundamental course provides you with the hands-on skills to plan and manage project activities. You will learn and practice Microsoft Project. Individual laptops with MSP 2016v provided. 14 PDUs.
10% discount for Laurentian Alumni and PMI-NOC members.
Please contact DLeroy@laurentian.ca or 705-675- 1151 x7222 to obtain your discount code.