Equipped with highly proficient and envious features
Built with the most advanced bootstrap framework, to make powerful applications.
Lavalite is a free open source CMS tool; so that you don't need to pay a single penny to start over.
Simple architecture made much easier to handle aside the power of Laravel.
Easiness in customization; marked it as a durable web application development tool.
Continual improvisation paved the way towards the innovation of this beautiful artifact.
We provide the best support team to assist you always round-the-clock.
Modern and Simplistic - Lavalite is composed with all the features you need to make your website a superb one. It isn’t like a sack that is wrapped up with too much hassle to get engaged in. Lavalite is built on the latest Laravel framework with advanced PHP language features.
Open Source bundle - No need of paying any chunk of money on the packages associated with Lavalite. There is no usage restrictions and is flexible to use in whatever form you needs. Lavalite with its powerful and flexible HMVC architecture promotes good design and offers best practices.
Extendability - This feature enables Lavalite and its properties to be extendible for somewhat to develop useful plugins, packages, hooks etc and apply them to your brand new website.
Lavalite is a content management system that is developed with a standardized collection of tools and packages that are used to build and maintain a sustainable web presence. Lavalite is not restricted to a particular industry or specialization; it’s aimed to support and serve utmost industries regardless of whatever services they provide.
Using market available proprietary software, a company or an individual might need to follow the frozen trend-set which was created by the owner and which will intern lead to the use of more and more powerful hardware – This is where Lavalite shows its efficiency as an open source entity – where it reflects to be flexible with respect to the environment where it is going to be implemented. Bring your website’s presence anywhere and make it displayed as you like it to be.
Lavalite will enlight your business needs with the most eloquent piece of productive measures
Lavalite brings you the most stunning enhancements to develop and modulate your website resources
Build websites in multilingual and offer your customers to write up in their own native.
You're free to be at your semantic-self by writing your own categories, tags etc.
Enhance your developer skills with easily usable packages, and reduce coding problems.