Try our Advanced Search for more refined results
Make sure you don't miss any Law360 breaking news.Download our plug-in for Chrome to get customizable, real-time news alerts
Federal jurors in Houston on Tuesday awarded Hewlett-Packard Co. $176 million against Quanta Storage Inc. and Qu...(read more)
Indicted Republican political operative Roger Stone’s bid to challenge a social media gag order in his case fell...(read more)
Intel Corp. fired off an antitrust lawsuit in California federal court Monday against investment management firm Fortress Investment Group LLC, alleging the firm is funding an anti-competitive patent aggregation scheme.
The Ninth Circuit ruled in a precedential decision Tuesday that a JAMS arbitrator had an obligation to disclose that he had an ownership interest in the private arbitration and mediation organization, vacating an award he decided in a case between Monster Energy Company and a distributor.
Two D.C. Circuit judges on Tuesday appeared skeptical of fishing groups' arguments that U.S. presidents do not have authority under the Antiquities Act to designate offshore areas as national monuments.
The Kellogg’s food company has agreed to change its marketing and pay about $20 million to resolve consumer claims it falsely advertised several cereals as healthy when they're loaded with sugar, according to documents filed in California federal court.
The National Labor Relations Board took heat from a D.C. Circuit panel Tuesday morning over the board's ruling that an employee engaged in protected activity when he scribbled "whore board" on a company overtime signup form.
Three nominees for District of Columbia judgeships appear on their way to confirmation after receiving no pushback during a sparsely attended Senate Homeland Security committee hearing on Tuesday.
Actress Lori Loughlin and more than a dozen other parents and coaches charged in the "Varsity Blues" college admissions scandal are facing additional federal bribery counts after a Massachusetts grand jury handed up a pair of new indictments Tuesday.
Rhode Island Gov. Gina Raimondo asked a state court Tuesday to strike down as unconstitutional provisions in a recent state appropriations bill that allow legislators to effectively control marijuana and hemp policy in the Ocean State.
President Donald Trump on Tuesday said that House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., is “taking too long” to put his revised North American Free Trade Agreement up for a vote, pressing Democrats to quickly wrap up their efforts to improve the terms of the deal.
If the U.S. Supreme Court overturns a Ninth Circuit ruling and adopts Intel Corp.’s “novel” interpretation of a term in the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, companies could easily cut their workers’ deadline for suing over pension mismanagement in half, a former Intel engineer warned the high court.