LAZADA, the leading e-commerce player in the country, is creating a colossal shift in Filipino buying habits. It continues to evolve and adapt to the needs of its customers by continuously streamlining website and mobile app design, constantly growing the inventory of items, and offering convenient payment options. All these result in a best-in-class online store that delivers effortless shopping experience to every Filipino.
Led by experienced professionals and progressive thinkers, the company has grown to be one of the top-notch platforms in the Philippines. Committed to both quantity and quality, it provides consumers with a diverse selection of products from various trusted suppliers. This means that customers do not only get more choices, but better ones too. Through partnerships with brands and suppliers, many of the products sold on the platform are priced lower than items sold in physical stores. Less effort plus more savings; purchasing the top items in the country doesn’t get any better than this.
The tagline, Effortless Shopping, encapsulates the company’s constant desire to delight its customers. With a continuously growing product portfolio and the best deals, customers can expect nothing but an exciting and convenient experience. Whether you are into the hottest fashion trends or the latest gizmo releases, LAZADA’s got you covered.
CASH ON DELIVERY. Paying for your transactions is easy, even without a credit card! The group is the first to offer cash on delivery in the country. Payment upon delivery also helps build trust because customers only pay for the item once they have an opportunity to personally inspect the product.
EASY SHOPPING. Customers have 24/7 access to big brands and over 5 million products. An online mall that also offers nationwide free delivery. Through the intuitive and efficient LAZADA App, you also get instant, round-the-clock updates on the latest promo and discounts on your favorite items.
SAFE. Any product can be returned within 7 or 14 days upon delivery depending on the type of product purchased. The Customer Service team can assist you with any of your questions. Only trusted merchants and service providers are allowed to sell in the site so that every item purchased will lead to a happy customer.
HOTTEST CAMPAIGNS. All throughout the year, superb vouchers and hottest deals are offered for all customers. Across all categories, huge discounts are guaranteed. Now is the right time to get that item that you have been eyeing out for so long. Don’t miss out on great deals today. Be up-to-date with the trendiest items through LAZADA’s all-year sales, just like the Christmas Gift Ideas