Fine Specialty Paper, Card Stock & Envelopes
Colorful Matte Envelopes
Envelopes from this popular collection feature a stylish Euro flap and a clean and contemporary matte finish. Choose from 48 top trend colors and 6 sizes to suit your stationery needs. Order blank or printed.
Deckle Edge Cards & Envelopes
So chic, so sophisticated, deckle cards and envelopes feature slightly frayed, or torn edges. This gives invitations an antique feel and adds an alluring tactile element. Deckle cards and envelopes come in a variety of traditional colors and sizes.
No Color, No Bleach, Pure & Natural Paper
Pure and simple in composition and design, No Color No Bleach is made with pure pulp and no dye creating a natural, honest, high performance paper. This collection consists of 2 classic colors, each available as paper, cardstock, and envelopes.
Colorful Translucent Vellum
Versatile vellum paper... oh the many uses for these stylish see-through sheets! Order vellum blank or printed with your custom design. Choose from several colors and sizes for your invites, programs, menus, packaging, and more.
Classic White & Cream Euro Flaps
Timeless white and cream envelopes are always in good taste. Made with premium paper, available in a variety of sizes, and surprisingly economical, you can never go wrong with these classics!
Printable Place Cards
So easy, so convenient, our printable place cards come 4 to a sheet and in several colors and styles. Simply download and customize our free template, print, and separate! They're perfect for weddings and corporate events alike.
What LCI Paper Customers are Saying
Oct 21, 2019 - Michela F. from KY, USA - Purchased A7 Gmund Colors Matt Storm Cloud Envelopes - Euro Flap, 68T
Very good quality, fast shipping, and friendly customer service!
Oct 19, 2019 - Aurelian L. from VA, USA - Purchased LCI Warm Cream Felt Cardstock - 8 1/2 x 11, 80lb Cover
I love this cardstock! Very high quality and a much better value than the similar cardstock from Papersource.
Oct 16, 2019 - Robert D. from IL, USA
Very quick delivery and the quality was exactly what I needed
Oct 16, 2019 - Dave D. from LA, USA - Purchased A9 Gmund Colors Matt Light Sky Blue Envelopes - Euro Flap, 81T and 1 other item
Our special blue oversized envelopes arrived quickly, in perfect shape, just as described. Wonderful service!
Oct 12, 2019 - Susan A. from MI, USA - Purchased A7 Wedding White Deckle Edge Paper - Colors Matt, 111lb Cover
Exactly what I was expecting! Will definitely order from them again...
Oct 11, 2019 - Crystal S. from NY, USA - Purchased Curious Metallics WhiteGold Paper - 8 1/2 x 11, 80lb Text
The quality of the paper received was perfect and exactly what I was looking for to create my DIY wedding programs. I knocked off 1 stars because I had paid for expedited shipping and I received my order 1 day later than expected