No Products in the Cart
We specialize in LED grow lights for home growing and commercial applications. We have the largest variety of full-spectrum lights for sale to replace all traditional lighting including 400W, 600W, and 1000W MH, HPS, and fluorescent lighting systems.
Our top LED grow light brands include: Horticulture Lighting Group, Black Dog LED, Gavita, The Green Sunshine Company, Crecer Lighting, California lightworks, Scynce LED, Amare, Kind LED, NextLight, Optic LED, Spectrum King, Viparspectra, Mars Hydro, G8LED/Dorm Grow, Apache Tech, Thrive Agritech, GE Lighting Arize and more.
LED grow lights can speed up your plant's vegetative processes and boost yields and quality, while saving you over 50% on your energy bill. LEDs can deliver more usable light per watt than traditional grow lighting.
We offer FREE SHIPPING for orders over $100 in the contiguous U.S. and will match any online competitor's price. We also ship most products worldwide (including Canada, UK, EU, and Australia). We have been in business since 2014 and have served thousands of customers.
LED Grow Lights Depot will help you 'Illuminate Your Grow. Efficiently.' Contact us today!
Browse our top indoor LED lights for growing. Save up to 50% on your energy costs when you use LEDs in place of MH/HPS.
We ship our LED lighting and other products for FREE in the USA (unless otherwise stated on the product page). Located out of the USA?...Get a shipping quote at checkout.
We guarantee the lowest prices or we will match or beat any online competitor. The best price is guaranteed before your purchase and up to $500 after your purchase.
We offer hassle-free return shipping in the U.S. if you are not 100% satisfied for any reason. Many brands have a 90-day return policy. Just let us know how we can make it right and we are on top of it!
We have helped indoor growers all over the world and country since 2014. Sales and support staff is available via phone or email Monday - Friday from 8am to 5pm PST and Saturday 8am to 12pm PST. Let us assist you TODAY!
We accept major credit cards, PayPal, Google Pay and debit transactions. All card payments are processed through our encrypted SSL security processing system. Your identity is always protected.