Where life meets legal. How can we help?
We believe legal services should be clear, simple and affordable. It doesn’t seem too much to ask. So we began a worldwide movement that’s now helped 4 million people.
Easy ways to get started
Starting a business
Whether you want to do most of it yourself, or would like someone else to handle the admin, we can help.
Buying or selling a home
Changing the legal ownership of a house is a complicated business. We make sure it goes smoothly.
Making a Will
If you die without a Will – ‘intestate’ – there are rules about who inherits what. With a Will, you choose.
LegalZoom were brilliant from start to finish.
Steve Wright
How we’re opening up the law
Lawyers when you need them
We get lawyers to do the important things, and let technology handle the admin. We pass the savings on to you.
Friendly, helpful people
We make everything clear online. But sometimes you want to talk to someone. Give us a call and have a chat.
Simple, honest prices
You should never be guessing how much you’ll have to pay. We tell you how much it’ll cost before we start.
4 million
customers worldwide
500,000
homes bought and sold
1.5 million
companies launched
Latest news
The top 3 lessons you’ll learn as a business owner
Whether you’ve done it before, or if you’re new to the game, starting and running a business can be a challenge. Quite...Read More
Why every small business should have an accountant
The thing that people dread the most about setting up a new business is the admin. 60% of small business owners feel like...Read More
4 common trade mark mistakes made by small businesses
Setting up a new business is exciting. You put in a lot of hard work to build something you’re proud of, so it makes sense...Read More
Frequently asked questions
What is LegalZoom?
We’re an online legal services provider that focuses on helping families and small businesses. Our organisation consists of both a law firm for the legal services like conveyancing and wills. Also we have business experts to help you form a company and support your business needs.
We have all the good bits of a law firm or solicitor’s office, like expert qualified lawyers and we are authorised as well as regulated by legal bodies (pausing for a moment for the official bit, these include the Solicitors Regulation Authority and the Conveyancing Quality Scheme). What we don’t have is the dusty offices, ancient technology, and eye-watering fees for doing the simplest thing.
Instead, we get lawyers and tech geniuses to design really easy ways of doing legal stuff online. Then we have people to give you help over the phone whenever you need it. And of course we have lawyers standing by, ready to do their thing. It’s all much more straightforward than the old-fashioned way, and it costs less too.
How can you help me?
We can help you wherever your life meets legal. When does that happen? Well, maybe you’ve fallen in love, so you want to sell your flat in Chelmsford and move to a cottage in the Lake District. That’s great we’ll look after the legal side of buying and selling the properties. Or maybe you want to be your own boss, so you’re setting up as an IT consultant. Good for you. We’ll look after the legal side of forming a company, dealing with the tax and sending the right paperwork out.
We’re starting with the big stuff and we aim to add more services as we go on. But we always look at it from the same point of view: what are you trying to do in your life? And how can we help with the legal side of that?
Ultimately, our aim is to open up the law, so that everyone can do what they need to do without all the confusion and jargon, and without it costing an arm and a leg.
What can you do for businesses at the moment?
We can form a company, give your business a London address (with mail forwarding), help you with a business bank account, set up payroll for you, do accounting and tax, offer company secretarial services, prepare confirmation statements, register you for VAT and PAYE, dissolve a company, make it easy for you to accept online payments. The legal services provided include help with buying and selling business property (commercial conveyancing). And there’s more to come.
What can you do for me personally at the moment?
We can help you buy or sell a home (conveyancing) and make a will. Again, there’ll be more soon.