We Help You File Caveat in Supreme Court
Call Ph no 9650499965 or Email at admin@legalserviceindia.com
|
Legal Services
|
Find a lawyer
|
Register your Copyright OnlineWe offer copyright registration right from your desktop
Call us at Ph no: 9891244487
File Mutual Consent DivorceRight Away Call us at Ph no: 9650499965
|
Online legal AdviceReceive professional Legal Solution within 48hrs
|
|
Family law - Divorce
law
A complete guide on family laws in India, marriage, divorce, adoption, custody etc.
Civil laws:
How to file a case as par cpc, how to institute a suit , Injunction, summons, production of documents, how suit is heard and much more.
Consumer law
Consumer is King - An in-depth report on all aspect of Consumer laws and consumer courts in India.
Constitutional Law
An In-depth report on the Constitution of India, a review of the constitutions of USA, China, Russia, Iran and More.
Transfer of Petition in India:
How to file for Transferring a case from on district court of one state to another or from one high court to another, the entire process has been explained in great detail
Woman issues
A study on laws enacted to protect woman, such as DV act, Sexual harassment, rape laws.
Supreme Court Judgments
Avail the latest Sc judgments absolutely free.
Trademarks
What is Trademark? Its importance, Register your Trademark, Registration Forms, what is a strong trademark, what are weak Trademarks. Trademark Registration
Medico Legal
An insight on medico legal topics such as forensic evidence, Narco analysis.
Cheque bounce law: a complete guide to NI act and procedure
Forms Free Download legal Forms, Visas, arbitration, tax forms, Copyright, TM Court forms etc
Partnership firms
Commonly asked questions on partnership firms.
Lawyers Membership
Join the Client-finder service - Help Boost your practice, get Clients online, learn to improve your legal practice, a web presence is essential in today's legal practice, your peers are racing ahead what are you waiting for.
Stamp Duty Calculator
Legal Latin Maxims
Famous Quotes
Affects of Conversion on Marriage and Divorce
Freedom of Association
Landmark Copyright Judgments in India
Copyright Protection in literary work, Book, scripts, screenplay, novels, lyrics
|
File Special Leave Petition!Call us at: 8851046564 / Email at: tapsash@gmail.com
|
File Caveat in Supreme CourtRight Away
Call us at Ph no: 9650499965
|
|Cyber Law
Cyber Law in India, International cyber Law, review on IT Act 2000, cyber crime, hacking laws etc
Income Tax
Complete guide to Tax laws in India, with Downloadable forms, Tax Calculator.
Company Law
A brief report of the Companies Act, 1956, Company law, Roc rules, how to Register a company.
Immigration Law
An Insight On Various aspects of Immigration law In United States
Lok Adalat, legal Aid & PIL
How to file a PIL, Lok Adalat's role and how far legal aid has been a success
Criminal laws:
Laws related to Indian penal code, evidence act, CRPC, Filing an FIR, Institution of a Criminal case, prosecution, appeals and revisions etc.
Law Colleges in India
A list of law colleges in India, their contact add, their web sites and More.
Great Personalities
A brief report on the life and times of great leaders, Washington, Lincoln, Churchill and More.
Court Room Humour
In Courts, Jokes about Lawyers You Too can contribute your jokes here.
Famous Trials
Cases which eventually lead the evolution of the present laws & More.
Law of Wills
Cause Lists
Bare Acts in India
Forms
Law Courts
|
Patent Forms
Legal Resources
High Courts in India
Rape laws in India
Disability laws
Lawyers in Delhi
|
Protect your website
Passport
Army law
Law Blogs
Divorce in India
Lawyers in Chennai
|
Copyright Law
Arbitration
Insurance / Accident Claim
Torts Law
Outsourcing Legal Services
Lawyers in Kolkata
|
RSS Feed
Jesus Christ
Environmental Law
Registration of Foreigners in India
Universal Declaration of Human Rights
Lawyers in Mumbai
|
Divorce by mutual consent in India
How to Lodge a Consumer Complaint
Legal Rights of Street Traders in India
lawyers in New York
Osama Bin Laden
Online law Library
|
About Us |
Privacy |
Terms of use | Juvenile Laws |
Lawyers |
Legal Article |
Sitemap |
Contact Us
legal Service India.com is Copyrighted under the Registrar of Copyright Act (Govt of India)©2000-2019
Copyright Registration office in India
ISBN No: 978-81-928510-0-6