Math And Science Games That Give You Superpowers
Thousands of curriculum aligned math and science games for elementary and middle school students along with epic quests and battles. Legends of Learning is free for teachers and students to use in school.
Tuesday afternoon [at the end of ISTE] had me all in the feels of my separation. It was an honor to be a part of something that has transformed me as an educator.
Barb Meredith
Archdiocese of Omaha Catholic Schools, Omaha, NE
My seventh-grade students loved legends of learning! I love seeing them so engaged in science games especially since they are learning or reviewing knowledge with every game....
My seventh-grade students loved legends of learning! I love seeing them so engaged in science games especially since they are learning or reviewing knowledge with every game. There are so many games for each standard and so many different types of games that each student always finds at least one they like. One of the best features is being able to see who is online and how far they have gotten it is a great way to check their progress and engagement!
Samantha Beatrice
Byram Intermediate School, Byram, NJ
Last year I had a 90% pass rate and this year we improved to 92%. What makes this data even more amazing is we have a large population of special ed students on my team this...
Last year I had a 90% pass rate and this year we improved to 92%. What makes this data even more amazing is we have a large population of special ed students on my team this year and last year we had none! The biggest jump was in my pass advanced rate - it increased from 38% to 41% and 12 students had perfect scores! 15 of my students have IEPs and all of them passed the test. Our building went up from 87% pass to 91% in fifth grade. I think the numbers are amazing with our large special ed population!
I believe a lot of it is due to the work students did in LOL throughout the year to help review and reinforce 4th and 5th grade material.
I am happy to say the least.
Heidi Rhodes
Mountain View Elementary, Haymarket, VA
Legends of Learning games provide a great opportunity for students to learn about content. I have used it as an incentive tool to supplement instruction after students have...
Legends of Learning games provide a great opportunity for students to learn about content. I have used it as an incentive tool to supplement instruction after students have completed an activity. This has eliminated down time in my classroom. Students are engaged, motivated to complete assignments, and even play on their own time!
Barbara Keating
Johnson Middle School, Walpole, MA
I had a class where some of my students have intellectual disabilities. My students with intellectual disabilities all passed the end of year state standardized exam. I am...
I had a class where some of my students have intellectual disabilities. My students with intellectual disabilities all passed the end of year state standardized exam. I am convinced it was because of their engagement with the content and they were made to feel familiar with the vocab related to these standards through the games. Mahalo!
Chris Dewhirst
Kalama Intermediate School, Makawao, HI
My students love the interaction of games and content! Students were so engrossed in what they were doing, one teacher thought we weren’t in the room!!
Vivian Barker
Jasper Middle School, Jasper, TN
So excited that we are rolling out Legends of Learning today with students! They are loving it! We were all so engaged that we missed the school bell and my partner teacher...
So excited that we are rolling out Legends of Learning today with students! They are loving it! We were all so engaged that we missed the school bell and my partner teacher had to ask when we were switching classes because we did not even hear the bell!
Shannon Zwahr
Brenham MS, Brenham, TX
I applaud Legends of Learning for their openness and interest in hearing from teachers. The new features reflect things I was thinking would be great to have - the ability to...
I applaud Legends of Learning for their openness and interest in hearing from teachers. The new features reflect things I was thinking would be great to have - the ability to begin your session where you last left off, searchable playlist and the teachers top ten list is great!
Bonnie Hohenshilt
Dwight D. Eisenhower MS, Freehold, NJ
Tuesday afternoon [at the end of ISTE] had me all in the feels of my separation. It was an honor to be a part of something that has transformed me as an educator.
Barb Meredith
Archdiocese of Omaha Catholic Schools, Omaha, NE
My seventh-grade students loved legends of learning! I love seeing them so engaged in science games especially since they are learning or reviewing knowledge with every game....
My seventh-grade students loved legends of learning! I love seeing them so engaged in science games especially since they are learning or reviewing knowledge with every game. There are so many games for each standard and so many different types of games that each student always finds at least one they like. One of the best features is being able to see who is online and how far they have gotten it is a great way to check their progress and engagement!
Samantha Beatrice
Byram Intermediate School, Byram, NJ