Your business has been operating for 1 year or longer
Has greater than 100,000 in annual revenue
Is registered as a Corporation or Partnership
Lending Loop provides you with the tools, resources, and funding to help your business grow.
Lending Loop is a pioneer – Canada’s premier lending marketplace. We’ve cut out the costly middlemen and intermediaries, such as banks, to make affordable financing truly accessible for entrepreneurs and small business owners like yourself. With a quick online application and a dedicated account manager growing your business has never been easier, that's our promise.
Lending Loop is Canada’s first regulated Peer-to-Peer Lending Platform focused on small businesses
Our network of 9,900+ active lenders have lent more than $51 million to Canadian small businesses
Lent to Canadian Businesses
It take's just five minutes to complete our simple online loan application. We'll ask some straightforward questions about your business’ details and performance.
Lending Loop’s credit team evaluates your loan request to determine which product is the best fit for your business.
Once you accept your personalized offer, our community of investors will fund your loan on our marketplace. Once funded, the money will be transferred to your bank account.
Borrow amounts from $1,000 to $500,000 to help build your business in whatever way you need, with no early repayment penalties.
Rates starting at 5.9%
"As a restauranteur, every day is packed. It was very helpful to have a dedicated Account Manager available to move my application forward and answer all my questions."
"As a restauranteur, every day is packed. It was very helpful to have a dedicated Account Manager available to move my application forward and answer all my questions."
A collection of stories showcasing businesses that financed their growth with Lending Loop.
“Lending Loop has been quietly developing its technology over the past year, with a focus on both simplifying and optimizing business financing for lenders and borrowers alike. While many platforms have gained traction internationally, the Canadian market remains untapped, the Canadian company says.”
“The Canadian P2P lending market got a boost this month when the Ontario government announced it would contribute $3-million over the next two years to loans funded on Lending Loop’s platform. The Ontario government will fund up to 10 per cent of small business loans, supporting funding of $30-million.”
“The process was simple, streamlined and straightforward,” “Within two-and-a-half hours, we had raised the $100,000 we needed. Lending Loop is different in that the lenders care about our business—they may even be customers or become customers to see what their money is achieving.”
Start your no-obligation business loan application today. This won’t affect your credit score.
You can start lending to businesses with a minimum commitment of just $25. The more businesses you lend to, the more you’re spreading your risk and increasing your chances of a positive return on your investment. For the first time ever in Canada, all Canadians can access the benefits of being able to lend directly to small businesses.
Fill out our contact form or give us a call (we’re available 9-6, Monday to Friday) if you still need some answers, and somebody from the Lending Loop team will get back to you shortly.
Lending Loop uses a regulated financial institution to handle all of the money that’s lent and repaid on our platform, and all of your data and personal information is stored securely with leading software providers, just like it would be at any financial institution. As a business or lender, you can have total peace of mind about your finances. If you’re interested in learning more about how we protect you, you can review our Privacy Policy.