Elevate Your Practice
law firm CRM & client intake softwarethat helps improve organization, maximize efficiency, and drive more revenue.
Elevate Your Practice
law firm CRM & client intake softwarethat helps improve organization, maximize efficiency, and drive more revenue.
Improve Organization
Lexicata is a virtual file cabinet that helps track potential clients and professional contacts, ensuring you never let another opportunity slip through the cracks.
Maximize Efficiency
Lexicata streamlines intake and helps automate follow ups so you can save time, strengthen your professional network, and provide a better client experience.
Grow Revenue
Lexicata's reporting tools deliver powerful insights about your marketing channels and referral sources so you can make business decisions that lead to growth.
Watch a 1-Minute Overview
Why Your Firm Needs Lexicata
Law is a relationship business, but many lawyers cannot find the time to properly track and manage their potential clients and professional contacts. As a result, they struggle to take their firms to the next level.
We started Lexicata with the belief that better law firms are built on better relationships, so we give you an integrated law firm CRM system that does all the heavy lifting for you. Whether you want to follow up with key contacts more regularly, streamline intake to convert more leads into clients, track your marketing and referrals, or just get back some of your precious time, Lexicata can do all of that and more.
See Lexicata in Action
Get started to see how Lexicata will work for your firm!
See Lexicata in Action
Get started to see how Lexicata will work for your firm!
Trusted by Thousands of Law Firms
See How Lexicata Drives Law Firm Growth
Works With Your Current Workflow
Lexicata integrates with many of the tools your firm is already using, from case management to virtual reception, and more!
Clio
G-Suite
Outlook
MailChimp
Ruby Receptionists
Works With Your Current Workflow
Lexicata integrates with many of the tools your firm is already using, from case management to virtual reception, and more!
As Seen In