In the Spotlight
Did you know?
LGFCU is a cooperative
That just means we’re a group of people united to meet our common economic needs through a jointly-owned and democratically-controlled enterprise. Learn more about the values LGFCU puts to work for you.
There’s a no-fee coin sorter near you
Your car console is a wealth-building opportunity. Use a Fat Cat Coin Sorter at any branch location to see how your spare change can add up! Retail stores often charge a fee to use theirs — we don’t! Don’t forget to check under your sofa cushions for more before you visit.
You get a second chance here
Members have the right to appeal the decision when a branch office denies a loan or credit card application. Discover how the volunteer Loan Review Committee could help you.
Make saving automatic.
Pay yourself first! Use automatic deductions from your payroll or checking accounts to make deposits in IRAs, mutual funds, or other savings and investment accounts.
Thanks to YOU, we're the best NC Credit Union!
In 2018 Forbes magazine ranked LGFCU No. 1 Credit Union in North Carolina in its Best-In-State Banks and Credit Unions. With an impressive score of 94.08, factors highlighted included customer service, accessibility and financial advice.
Volunteers are the LGFCU secret sauce
Our volunteers are the best example of the credit union grassroots philosophy "people helping people!" Contributing time without pay, volunteers are crucial to LGFCU’s success.
Blow your budget? Don’t give up.
Okay, so you overspent and now you’re over budget. Don't get frustrated. Start fresh the next month and commit to stay in budget. If you need help with your finances get information here or make an appointment for financial counseling at a branch near you.
Make your wishes known.
Leave clear instructions about medical decisions that need to be made on your behalf if you can't make them. A living will and a Healthcare Power of Attorney help make it easier for your loved ones to make tough decisions. Find out more about these important documents at Estate Planning Essentials.
Use scholarships first to pay for college
Look for scholarships before turning to financial aid to pay for college. Learn about the LGFCU Scholarship and find other resources at www.cfnc.org.
Life change? Update your will!
Remember to update your Last Will and Testament each time you have significant life changes such as marriage, divorce or starting a family. Find out how LGFCU can help you get it done with the Estate Planning Essentials Program.
Sometimes a DIY will isn’t enough
While do-it-yourself wills are cheaper, you might overlook something important that ends up costing your family to lose money or assets. An estate planning attorney in our Estate Planning Essentials program will ask you the right questions to make sure nothing is missed.
Review your will regularly.
If you created a Last Will and Testament several years ago, it might need updating. Try to review your will at least every three years. LGFCU can help you get it done with the Estate Planning Essentials Program.
LGFCU is a part of an international movement that puts people first
While our focus is North Carolina, we’re also a part of the worldwide credit union movement! That’s why in October we celebrate International Credit Union Day. This day is dedicated to member appreciation and the seven basic principles that make credit unions unique. See how LGFCU lives those values everyday.
Tech support scams
If you get a call from someone saying your computer needs an emergency update, hang up. Don’t fall for this tech support scam designed to steal your money or worse, install a virus or malware on your computer. Only allow people you know and trust access to your computer.
Lock down your home network.
Got guests? Create another wireless network name and password on your home router specifically for visiting devices. You’ll improve the security of your wireless network since it’s separate from the family network.
Put tax refunds to work.
Getting a tax refund? Consider using the funds to pay off debt or put into savings to improve your financial situation.
Should you have a special needs trust?
If you have a disabled adult child receiving public benefits, a Special Needs Trust might be good to consider. This will help you gift money to your child upon your death while still protecting those public benefits. Talk to an attorney specializing in Special Needs Trusts to determine if this is right for you.
You don't have to pay for your credit score
If you have a loan with LGFCU and have access to Member Connect, you can see your FICO credit score for free. Your score is updated quarterly.
You’re a member AND an owner
One member, one vote is how LGFCU members equally participate in electing the leadership, setting policies and making decisions about the Credit Union. It’s what makes credit unions different from banks. We’re a financial cooperative owned and controlled by members.
Don’t take phishing scam bait
If you’ve ever gotten an email saying you won a prize from a contest you didn’t enter or that a foreign prince wants you to cash a check, then it’s probably a phishing scam. Thieves hope to trick you into sharing personal and financial details. Spot the signs of a phishing attack. If the message seems weird, don’t click; delete it.
Shopping for a car?
Do a little research to get the best deal possible. Visit multiple dealerships and don’t be afraid to walk away if you don’t like what the dealership is offering you. Or use a car buying service and leave the negotiations to a trusted source.
If you’re an LGFCU member, your family members can join, too!
Invite your spouse, children, grandchildren, parents, siblings, grandparents, and others, to join the Credit Union focused on you! See a complete list of who’s eligible to be a member.
The LGFCU Routing Number is 253184537
These nine numbers are always shown at the bottom of all pages on this website and on the Contact Us page. And, if you have checks and deposit slips, the number is printed on the bottom left corner.
Where can I find the routing number?
The LGFCU Routing Number is 253184537. These nine numbers are always shown at the bottom of all pages on this website and on the Contact Us page. And, if you have checks and deposit slips, the number is printed on the bottom left corner.
Help for a financial emergency
In case of an extreme financial emergency, avoid increasing your debt by borrowing against high-interest rate credit cards. And never visit a payday lender! A small, short-term, low-interest loan against future salary from a trusted lender like LGFCU may be your best bet.
Make your estate plan today!
Don’t wait until your hair begins to gray to plan for your estate. Secure your wishes and intents in the present by completing your will, your health care directive, and a durable power of attorney.
Big life changes? Review your insurance.
Have you recently gotten married or had a child? If so, you should review your insurance needs. Consider purchasing a Life Insurance policy or adding to what you may already have.
Changing jobs?
Resist the temptation to withdraw funds from your retirement account. Roll your funds into your new employer’s plan or into an IRA to save you from taxes and penalties.
Save for education. Get tax breaks!
Coverdell Education Savings Accounts and 529 Plans allow tax-deferred growth of investments and experience no taxes when withdrawn for qualified educational purposes.
Regularly check your credit report
Check your credit report at least three times a year to make sure there are no errors on it. Visit www.annualcreditreport.com to view your official, free credit reports from Equifax, Experian and Transunion. Find incorrect information? Contact the credit reporting agency as soon as possible to dispute it.
Strong passwords protect your devices
Whether you wear or carry your device, adding a strong password or passphrase can help keep devices secure anytime, anywhere. A strong password can’t easily be guessed, is longer, and uses a mix of upper and lowercase letters, numbers and symbols.
Denied a loan? Appeal it.
Did you know we have a Loan Review Committee composed of volunteers from the membership? Members have the right to ask for a loan decision to be reviewed by this committee. This is one of the unique benefits some credit unions offer that banks don't.