Get Ready for Life Fest 2021
What is Life Fest?
Those who serve as ministers in the Kingdom of Jesus Christ need refreshing. Life Fest is an annual gathering of Spirit-filled ministers focused on “ministering to those who minister”. It is a time of refreshing, renewal and encouragement but it is not just another church conference or meeting. Here, we focus on spending time interacting with each other in small groups, ministering to each other, gleaning from the knowledge and experience of others and sharing our own expertise. We focus on helping ministers identify their purpose and equipping them to fulfill their mission.
We come from various US states, a plethora of nations, various perspectives, races and generations and both genders (there are only two). There is one God and one church so we do not come together to promote ourselves or to promote a denomination or sect but we acknowledge our love for, and our responsibility to, God’s new creation in every city and region.
Everyone attending Life Fest pays his or her own travel expenses and there are no honorariums. We ALL invest ourselves in this common venture with a hunger to know how to proceed in our pursuit of oneness; which is the true expression of the Ecclesia (from the Greek: Ekklesia).
God has appointed in the church first Apostles, second Prophets, third Teachers; along with Evangelists and Pastors (see Ephesians 4:11~13). During Life Fest, we are blessed to have each of these Offices represented and we encourage each Minister to operate fully in their 5-fold gifting. We are also fortunate to have those with expertise in Christian education, music ministry, media, finance and investment, children’s ministry and so much more.
What Do People Say About Life Fest?
Great meeting new friends at Lifefest. We were treated like family and will look forward to the 2020 meeting.
Frank Febus
I am always so blessed when I attend Life Fest. They just keep getting better and better! I always come home feeling energized, refreshed and with a renewed sense of purpose for ministry!
James Kody
Life Fest is a meeting that will put you back on the walk that you once had and got off track. It is like no meeting you have ever attended. It is an event that will help you get back on that track to re-encounter God.
Pastors Bernie L. Wade, Jr. and Blanca Wade
Life Fest is Spiritual uplifting and fulfilling. Epic. Life changing!
Daisy R. Wade