LimeSurvey - The No.1 of open source survey tools
LimeSurvey is the tool to use for your online surveys.
Whether you are conducting simple questionnaires with just a couple of questions or advanced assessments with conditionals and quota management, LimeSurvey has got you covered.
LimeSurvey is 100% open source and will always be transparently developed.
We can help you reach your goals.
Features tailored to your every need.
Explore the vast possibilities you have to create your survey professionally with LimeSurvey.
Starting with the inbuilt template editor through to advanced scripting abilities inside of the question editor and the mighty expression manager.
However, if some feature you need is missing, you may also submit a feature request.
Hosting locations
Hosting locations in Germany, Canada, USA, Australia and the United Kingdom
All of your survey data will be securely held on servers in the chosen country.
Multilingual
Supporting more than 80 languages
Unlimited administrators
Give administrative access to colleagues or friends
28 different question types
We have them all!
What you see is what you get
Simple editing of your HTML content
Quota management
Control your target group participation by quotas
Skip logic / branching
Set conditions for your questions based on previous answers
Reuse survey content
Copy questions, answers or complete surveys
Analyze your surveys easier
Use assessment scores to analyze survey site.
Invite and remind
Invite your participant using LimeSurvey
Anonymized responses - protected participants
Invite participants by email and anonymize their responses
Open and closed surveys
Create invite-only, open or public surveys
Design your survey appearance
Individual design of your survey
Offline functionality
Printable version and manual data entry
Visualize your response data
Create statistics and graphs inside the application
Export your responses
Export to all common formats and applications
Dynamic questions
Create questions based on previous answers
LimeSurvey has a lot more features. Try it for free by creating an account now or convince yourself in our online demo.
Profit from our vibrant community.
The main force of LimeSurvey is that it is transparent as well as publicly accessible. Open source is essentially the product of a community.
It pools the power of many coders in order to achieve bigger things.
Our community is our foundation. Thanks to the continuous feedback and the fresh ideas, we can constantly advance LimeSurvey. We control the flow of ideas to ensure that LimeSurvey is always a stable and reliable solution for your business.