Here are the latest Linux tutorials that you can read and follow on Linux Handbook.
You’ll learn something new with these tips and tutorials.
Using Linux Basename Command in Bash Scripts
The basename command in Linux prints the final component in a file path. Learn some practical examples of using basename command in bash scripts.
5 Practical Examples of the Read Command in Linux
With read command, you can make your bash script interactive by accepting user inputs. Learn to use the read command in Linux with these practical examples.
Fixing ‘Authentication Token Manipulation Error’ in Ubuntu Linux
Cannot change user password in Linux because of Authentication Token Manipulation Error? Here are the possible reasons why it happens and how you can fix it.
New to Linux command line? Start Here!
Learn to use various Linux commands with practical examples.
Linux Terminal Tips and tricks
Learn to do things in Linux command line with these practical tips and tricks curated from personal experience in day-to-day life of Linux sysadmin.
How to Restart Apache in Ubuntu
A quick tip that shows how to restart Apache server in Ubuntu and other Linux distributions.
How to Install Vim on Ubuntu
Learn to install Vim on Ubuntu Linux. Also learn to make Vim the default text editor in Ubuntu and Debian based distributions.
How to Run Alias as Sudo in Linux
By default, you cannot run an aliased command with sudo. Don’t worry. With this neat little tip, you’ll be able to run any alias with sudo access in Linux.
Linux Tutorials for SysAdmins and DevOps
Learn to setup tools on a Linux server in cloud. Also learn to manage your servers with various tools and services.
How to Install and Use WP CLI on Linux
Learn to install WP-CLI on Linux. Also learn to enable bash completion and use the basic WordPress commands in this tutorial.
How to Create Symbolic Links in Linux
This detailed tutorial tells you what are symbolic links, how to create a symbolic links and other important things associated with symlinks.
Send Emails From Linux Terminal Using SSMTP
This article will give a brief introduction to SSMTP and steps to install it and use the same to send emails from Linux terminal.
Guide for Setting up SFTP Server in Linux
This tutorial will give you a handy guide to install and setup a SFTP server in Linux.
How to Setup Discourse Forum on Digital Ocean
This step-by-step tutorial teaches you to install a Discourse forum on Digital Ocean cloud server properly. You’ll have a functioning SMTP server with a free SSL installed on your forum.
Get Rid of Network Connectivity Issues in SSH with Mosh
Struggling with SSH connection over a slow and inconsistent network? Mosh overcomes the shortcomings of SSH by giving you a steady connection over SSH.