BABYZEN YOYO+
YOYO+ folds and unfolds, is carried like a bag and is one-hand driving, fits just about anywhere, is easily stored, and can be taken as hand luggage. The newly reinforced frame allows for a higher weight limit of up to 18kg.
2 Years International Manufacturer Warranty automatically registered with Little Baby upon purchase at our store.
B.Box Your favourite Sippy Cup
Multi Awards Winning #1 Best Sippy Cup!
We’ve done it again! Our award winning sippy cup has been updated and redefined! Featuring our innovative b.box weighted straw that moves with the liquid – whatever angle the cup is tilted. Our newly designed straw has a unique two-way valve, ensuring easy drinking and NO leaks💦! Which means no more crying over spilled milk 😉. Still available in your favourite colours, with a premium matte-finish.
It is number #1 sippy cup in Singapore!
As Little Baby is the exclusive distributor for B.Box, you may also find the products from our authorised retail partners in Singapore and Malaysia via www.bbox.com.sg
Award Winning & Best Preferred Parent's Choice for Designskin Gym Mats
Nuna Leaf Curv - Sit back & sway away
From the comfort of your arms to the soothing sway of the LEAF curv. When baby wants to be rocked and you need a moment, this lounger is poetry in motion. A gentle nudge from you starts a naturally calming, rhythmic side-to-side movement that lasts over two minutes.
Your child will adore it. And you’ll love it.
Little Baby is the official dealer for Nuna in SG . Visit our showroom for full range of Nuna products.
2 Years local manufacturer warranty automatically registered with Little Baby upon purchase at our store.
Visit Nuna Leaf Curv video here https://vimeo.com/230772515
Petunia Diaper Bags
Petunia Pickle Bottom diaper bags are well-crafted, clever and ready for any outing, from baby to beyond. Constantly in development with new ways to make a day out with littles effortless, our collection is rounded out by colorfully coordinating, easily transportable accessories, like nursing covers, portable changing kits, cosmetics cases, pacifier and bottle holders and wallets to keep essentials at the ready and easily accessible.
1 Year manufacturer warranty automatically registered with Little Baby upon purchase at our store.
iBaby Care M7 Baby Monitor (Authorised Dealer w/ 1 Year warranty)
The iBaby Care M7 is a total care system complete with smart alerts and built-in moonlight soother. Your little one will go off into dreamland with beautiful moon and star projections paired with soothing lullabies. It is a smart Wi-Fi enabled baby monitor created to suit the needs of all parents. With incredible features that promote child safety and early education, iBaby Care M7 is changing the way parents monitor their little ones.
-> Night Vision
See your Baby’s Every Move with our Crystal Clear 1080p HD video with night vision
-> Early Childhood Education
Wide variety of audible content including white noises, bedtime stories, lullabies, and songs.
-> Pan & Tilt
See every angle and detail of your baby’s nursery with our 360° Pan and 140° Tilt
-> Air Quality Sensors
Our iBaby Monitors will notify you of fluctuations in your baby’s room temperature, humidity and even TVOC’s.
New Arrivals In Store
Nuna Mixx 2 2019 is now available!
LOLBaby Bumper Bed for newborn to 7 years old
LOLBaby Convertible Bumper Bed is the best in the market and popular in Korea. It offers many designs to choose from.Quality fabrics from 100% Premium Cotton and Microfiber! Convertible to Playmat by unzipping all the 4 sided panels, Playhouse add-on, Playpen usage by moving to living room etc. Quality of the bumper is firm and thick than any other brands in the market. Save lots of money for all in one bed!
Sofzsleep Coolmax Latex mattress topper for the bumper bed is now available on sale!
30 days manufacturer warranty for LOLBaby Bumper Bed with 1 Year after sales support locally.
5 Years manufacturer warranty for Sofzsleep Coolmax Latex mattress.