| LATEST
NEWS
|VIEW ALL EVENTS
Refugee Students Operational Support Unit (R-SOS)
Under the patronage of the Minister of State for Displaced Affairs, HE Mr. Saleh Al Gharib, the attendance of the Minister of state for Foreign Trade, HE Mr. Hasan Mourad, and with the presence of the distinguished attendance of the President of the University, HE Mr. Abdel Rahim Mourad....
SoED Discussion Event on Hardwired Global
SoED in LIU Saida was honored to host an interactive discussion event on Rights-Based Education organized by Ms Zeina Dbouk and Saida SoED Assistant Dean. The speaker who led the discussion is Ms Lena Smith, the Hardwired’s Director of International ...
Fisuel GAM 2019
The Lebanese International University participated in Fisuel GAM 2019, the Renewable Energy Conference that was held at Kempinski Summerland under the patronage of the Minister of Energy and Water H.E. Mrs...
The International Health Day event – Al Rahma High School – Nabatieh
The School of Arts and Sciences (Biomedical and Fine arts design department) at the Lebanese International University, Nabatieh campus, has been invited to the Al Rahma High School which organized...
Dalia Ahmad
لبت الاعلامية داليا أحمد دعوة الجامعة اللبنانية الدولية فرع صيدا، للحضور الى حرم الجامعة فاستقبلها الطلاب بحفاوة كبيرة . ...
Understanding UNIFIL’s mandate
On Monday 13 May 2019 at 10:30AM, the Lebanese International University-Tyre Campus in collaboration with UNIFIL presented a presentation about Understanding ...
Stress Management-Tyre Campus
Stress is a feeling of strain and pressure. It is a type of psychological pain. It can come from any event or thought that makes you feel frustrated, angry, or nervous. ...
Dr. Ousama Tabbara (Executive Director of Pharmacy) Visit to the School of Pharmacy
The School of Pharmacy at the Lebanese International University was honored to receive the Executive Director of Pharmacy at Cleveland Clinic ...
Tyre Campus-LIU لاقونا على
للعام الرابع على التوالي، احتضنت الجامعة اللبنانية الدولية في صور، النشاط الرياضي الترفيهي" لاقونا على LIU"، الذي نظمه نادي الرسالة بالتعاون مع مكتب النشاطات في الجامعة، برعاية بلدية العباسية...
Education honor ceremony-Tyre Campus
The School of Education distinguished students at Tyre campus were recognized in a special ceremony that took place on Thursday, May2, 2019 in the presence of the students,...
Saida representing the world
بحضور حشد من الطلاب، أقام قسم العلاقات العامة في الجامعة اللبنانية الدولية (فرع صيدا) بالمشاركة مع فرقة أرز غروب نشاط ثقافي فني بامتياز تحت عنوان Saida Representing the world...
Emotional Intelligence for Workplace Success-Tyre Campus
The Emotional Intelligence and Workplace Success workshop, the first workshop in the School of Business Employability Skills program, was held on Friday, April 5th at Tyre Campus and presented ...
Honor ceremony for SoAs-tyre campus
The School of Arts & Sciences at Tyre campus organized an honoring ceremony for its distinguished students in the presence of their parents, instructors, the School Assistant Dean and the Campus Directors ,...
Physical activity open day-Tyre Campus
Physical activity can play a vital role in maintaining healthy body weight, reducing the risk of chronic diseases such as diabetes type 2, cardiovascular diseases and promoting your overall health.,...
LIU Saida talent show
The Lebanese International University –Saida campus held on Wednesday April 24, 2019 its very own first talent show planned and organized by Saida Activities Committee. The jury consisting of the academic director Dr. Ahmad Al Hajj,...
Business Competition & Ramadan Fundraising Event – SoBU Nabatieh Campus
On April 16th, the School of Business at the Lebanese International University – Nabatieh Campus – held an exciting event entitled “Business Competition & Ramadan Fundraising Event” ...
Earth Day tyre campus
In accordance with earth day, and in compliance with SDG(3, 6, 11,13 and 15), Environment and Health students at LIU Tyre campus carried out a celebration ...
Health Day: Sit Smart for a Healthy Body -Tyre campus
With the steady rise of digital technology, sitting has become the most common posture in our daily routine. People are spending most of their time using electronic devices to a degree unprecedented in prior generations. ...
Business honor certificate tyre campus
On Wednesday, April 17, 2019 at 2:00 pm, the School of Business at Tyre campus recognized the distinguished business students in a ceremony in the presence of the students, their parents, the Assistant Dean and the campus Directors. ...
A trip to Mortada Printing Press for history of graphic design students.
The students of the course history of graphic design GDES315. This trip helped them understand better the lectures about the history of printing when they visualise how color separation is ...
صور تستضيف كليب: جمانة غريب - اللبنانية الدولية
فجأة وعلى طريقته الخاصة بدّل الاعلامي الكبير الدكتور سامي كليب، الادوار، فما ان جلس على المقعد المخصص له، حتى بادر الى تولي زمام الامر، فاصبح هو المحاور لفترة من الوقت، فيما وجدت طالبتا الصحافة المكتوبة ديالا تامر ومي بحسون ...
Pharmacy Day- Tyre Campus
The school of pharmacy organized a pharmacy day event in LIU Tyre campus on Tuesday 16/4/2019. The event was entitled "LIU Pharmacists: Towards a healthier community" LIU future pharmacists raised awareness on the different aspects of health ...
Robotics tyre campus
Over the past few years, interest in educational utilization of robotics in schools has increased in Lebanon. Working with robots enhances creative problem solving techniques and encourages the development of basic communication and interpersonal skills ...