TOP STORY
Manchester City Just Went Vegan Thanks to Nestlé
Manchester City Football Club has teamed up with Nestlé Professional. The club named Nestlé their official vegan and vegetarian partner. The multi-year deal is said...
Walmart Just Banned Live Fish Sales
Walmart is discontinuing the sale of live fish. The world's largest retailer once sold live fish at an estimated 1,700 stores. But, in a conference...
IKEA Won’t Sell Meat on Its Christmas Menu This Year
IKEA UK is ditching turkey in favor of a meat-free Christmas menu. Instead of meat, the Swedish furniture giant will offer a vegan Root Vegetable...
14 Major Cities Pledge to Cut Meat From Public Buildings
Fourteen of the world's biggest cities have committed to reducing the amount of meat served in public buildings. Signatories of the "C40 Good Food Cities...
Pizza Hut Is Trialing a Vegan Meat Topping In the U.S.
A vegan meat topping is finally coming to Pizza Hut U.S. -- but for one day only at one store in Phoenix, Arizona. Pizza Hut...
Cancer Research UK Wants People to Go Vegan to Fight Disease
British charity Cancer Research UK has encouraged people to ditch meat and adopt a vegan diet to help prevent the disease. Cancer Research UK develops...
Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s Just Banned Fur
Following California's landmark ban on the sale of fur in the state less than two weeks ago, retail giant Macys, Inc. announced that it...
Billie Eilish and Pink Want You to Ditch Wool
Billie Eilish wants people to think twice about buying wool. The vegan musician shared a video starring Pink that exposes animal cruelty in the...
Are Avocados Actually Healthy?
Are avocados healthy? A scenario like this happens several times a week in my preventive cardiology clinic: A 43-year old man has his second heart event...
Netflix’s ‘Explained’ Says the Future of Meat Is Cruelty-Free
Popular Netflix series "Explained" is back with a new season, taking deep dives into topics such as cults, pirates, and the future of the...
14 Major Cities Pledge to Cut Meat From Public Buildings
Fourteen of the world's biggest cities have committed to reducing the amount of meat served in public buildings. Signatories of the "C40 Good Food Cities...
The U.S. Air Force Is Now Serving Beyond Burgers
The U.S. Air Force is adding Beyond Meat to the menu at military bases across the country. U.S. Air Force Services is partnering with Florida-based...
Science: Erections Are 500% Better on a Vegan Diet
Eating vegan food can boost erections by nearly 500 percent, according to a study in the documentary "The Game Changers." The film -- which is...
For All Kind’s Vegan Parkas Might Just Be the ‘Beyond Meat’ of Outerwear
When summer is over, the days get shorter. That means chillier weather is on the horizon. It’s time to pack away those sunnies, sandals,...
WATCH
Is OPRAH Vegan Now?
var bannersnack_embed = {"hash":"bumldfa8h","width":320,"height":100,"t":1554338604,"userId":38852075,"type":"html5"}; T-SHIRT SIGN-UP: here Don't miss out This week’s vegan news: Macy's and Bloomingdale's ban the sale of fur. Pizza Hut UK has...
Why JOAQUIN PHOENIX IS VEGAN
var bannersnack_embed = {"hash":"bumldfa8h","width":320,"height":100,"t":1554338604,"userId":38852075,"type":"html5"}; T-SHIRT SIGN-UP: here Don't miss out Joaquin Phoenix recently starred in the DC Batman's origin story "Joker," directed by Todd Phillips. Phoenix...
BEEF AND DAIRY Are Collapsing
var bannersnack_embed = {"hash":"bumldfa8h","width":320,"height":100,"t":1554338604,"userId":38852075,"type":"html5"}; T-SHIRT SIGN-UP: here Don't miss out This week’s vegan news: Bristol's oldest pub is 100% vegan now. Britain now offers an egg-free...
12,000 DOCTORS: Cheese Causes Cancer?
var bannersnack_embed = {"hash":"bumldfa8h","width":320,"height":100,"t":1554338604,"userId":38852075,"type":"html5"}; T-SHIRT SIGN-UP: here Don't miss out This week’s vegan news: The "Red Meat Is Healthy" study has ties to big meat. A...
How To SAVE MONEY on a VEGAN DIET
var bannersnack_embed = {"hash":"bumldfa8h","width":320,"height":100,"t":1554338604,"userId":38852075,"type":"html5"}; T-SHIRTS! Click here to get 20% off Don't miss out Ever heard the myth that being vegan is expensive? Well, LIVEKINDLY is...
Plastic? What’s REALLY Killing Our Oceans?
var bannersnack_embed = {"hash":"bumldfa8h","width":320,"height":100,"t":1554338604,"userId":38852075,"type":"html5"}; T-SHIRTS! Click here to get 20% off Don't miss out Consumers are ditching plastic, and companies are following suit. Major brands like...
FOOD
Carl’s Jr. Just Launched Vegan Burgers In Europe
Carl's Jr. has launched vegan burgers in Europe. All 17 locations of the fast-food joint in Spain will now offer the vegan Moving Mountains...
How to Make the Perfect Vegan Alfredo Sauce
Fettucine alfredo is a popular dish around the world. It's creamy, comforting, and delicious. There is no way for this traditional Italian sauce to...
15 Vegan Casserole Recipes to Keep You Warm and Full
Chilly weather is here and that means it's casserole time. Casseroles are classically heavy in meat and dairy. But just because you're leaving out...
Entrepreneurship
The Struggling Dairy Industry Is Losing One Farmer a Week
Amid slumping dairy sales, farmers are moving onto other careers. One dairy farmer leaves the industry every week, new research finds. The Agriculture and Horticulture...
Irish Uni Secures €10 Million for Vegan Research and Development
A new vegan food, drink, and agriculture initiative will kick off at Ireland's University College Cork (UCC) in January. Nearly €10 million in funding backs...
How to Easily Get More Fruits and Veggies Into Your Diet
Society is more switched on than ever to the benefits of a healthy plant-based diet. Yet only one in 10 American adults eat enough...
CELEBRITY
Fiona Apple Just Wrote a Sort-Of Vegan Pig Song for ‘Bob’s Burgers’
American singer-songwriter Fiona Apple performed a song for the closing credits of the "Bob's Burgers" Halloween special last Sunday. The animated sitcom regularly features...
Maisie Williams Eats All the Vegan Wings on ‘Hot Ones’
English actor Maisie Williams is the latest vegan celebrity to appear on "Hot Ones." "Hot Ones" is a web series hosted by Sean Evans. The...
‘Ant-Man’ Star Paul Rudd Refuses to Kill Insects
Paul Rudd avoids killing insects, including stepping on ants, because he doesn't believe he is "better" than them. Rudd starred in the 2015 film "Ant-Man."...
To LIVEKINDLY means to live in a way which shows appreciation to our humanity, our home and those who share it with us. Inspired by the notion that mother nature’s intricate design is arguably flawless, the LK community have come together to build a home for informative and thought-provoking content, focusing on sustainable and compassionate living. If you’d like to get more involved and support our mission, you can donate here, or apply to become a contributor here.
© LIVEKINDLY MEDIA INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.