Live NetTV APK Download for Android {Latest Live TV v4.6}
Live NetTV APK for android will help you stream over 700 TV channels! Watch free TV online using Live TV App.
Live Net TV application is especially designed for those people who want to enjoy their favorite television shows and movies on the go. The content can be streamed in standard definition as well as high definition with the application. If you want to download the APK file of the application, then you need to visit the official website of the app developer as the application is not available on Google Play Store as of now. Below, we have described the downloading and installation procedure for all the users who are looking forward to download the app and stream movies on their mobile device.
Live NetTV APK Download
You can download Live NetTV XYZ APK also.
App Name: Live Net TV
File Type: APK
File Size: 13.4 MB
APK Version: 4.6
What is Live NetTV App?
There are many people out there who want to stream TV online but are not aware of a reliable website of application that can help them stream TV channels on their mobile phone or TV. With the help of Live NetTV APK you can stream more than 700 TV channels and high quality movies on your android device. Movies and television channels are one of the most engaging sources of entertainment amongst people of all ages. You can watch movies on television but you cannot carry your television with you.
There is a solution to this problem if you own an Android phone. These days, one can download applications that can stream live TV channels and movies on their mobile phone. Google Play Store is flooded with many such applications that allow you to stream movies and TV shows on your your mobile device but one application that out from all the available applications out there is Live Net TV.
Live Net TV is one of the most famous and widely downloaded Android application that allows users to enjoy seamless entertainment by helping them watch a huge collection of high quality movies and television shows on their mobile phone. It is an entertainment packed application using which you can watch live TV, live sports events and TV shows free of cost. In the app, you can choose from a large number of channels from many countries such as the United Kingdom, the United States of America, India, Pakistan, Middle Eastern countries, Turkey and several other countries.
As we have already told you, there are a plethora of applications on Google Play Store that are designed for streaming TV shows and movies on mobile devices but not all applications work as flawlessly as Live NetTV does. Most of the applications that are found on Google Play store are deceiving in nature. You will be persistently bugged by ad pop ups and most of the times, links given in the app are not working or are broken. Also, at times such application can have malicious virus and adwares that can be harmful for your device and can steal sensitive information from your mobile phone therefore downloading such applications is not recommended. However, Live Net TV is not like any other application out there. It is a trusted application with all the working links and a huge library of high quality movies and TV shows. In the app, you can find streaming links for movies and TV shows in SD and HD quality. You can open the links in any video player such as MX Player or VLC Media player on your mobile phone. With this app, you can watch live sports, TV programs and classic movies without paying any fees.
Let us learn some more about Live NetTV free APK so that you can download it without having any doubt about the application.
Live NetTV APK Download System Requirements
|Name:
|Live Net TV
|Version:
|4.6
|File Size:
|13,4 MB
|Minimum Requirement:
|Android 4.1+
|Developer:
|livenetv
|Live NetTV Features:
|Watch Live TV absolutely free of cost.
|Downloads:
|1110239967+
|Last Update Time:
|13 June 2018
Features of Live NetTV APK
Live Net TV application consists of links from third-party applications and websites and there are multiple links of single movie or TV show so that you can stream from the other link if one link is not working. All the links are working most of the times and Live TV APK keeps on updating links to ensure that users do not face any problem while streaming. So, if one of the links is not working, you can try the other links that are provided by app developers.
Request your favorite channel
Searching for your favorite channel in the application is a child’s pay. A dedicated search box is given to help users search the channel or movie they want to watch. If your desired channel is not available in the list of channels then you can also request the developer team of Live Net TV to add a channel in the list of available channels. Clicking on the menu will lead you the ‘Channel Request’ option. You have to provide the name of the movie or TV show and click on the submit button to make your request. The team of Live Net TV application will try to add the requested movie or TV show in the application as soon as possible. It is one of the very few applications that allow you the functionality of requesting your favorite TV show or movie from the app developers.
Report the broken links
As we have already told you that there are more than one links in the live net TV free application to stream movies and entertaining shows, if you find that one of the links is not working, you can switch to the other link to enjoy the movie. Also, you can report the broken link so that the technical team of the application can rectify the error. You just need to long press on the link of the channel that is not working. On long pressing, you will be presented with two options- Add the channel to the list of your favorite channels or report the channel. You have to click on ‘Report the channel’ option and enter the query or error you are facing while streaming the channel. Next, click on the submit button to send your query.
Easy to understand and use interface
Live Net TV online application has been designed by keeping the general public in mind. You don’t have to be a technical expert to use the application. The interface of the application has been designed in the most simple manner so that users who know how to operate mobile can easily use the applications. All the buttons in the application are neatly designed and visible.
Availability of Movies and TV Shows in High Definition
With the availability of speedy internet connection in most areas these days, everybody wants to stream movies and television shows in high quality. Also, most of the devices these days support playback in high definition. Live Net Application developers have ensured that users can play the videos in high definition. They are adding more and more movies and TV shows in high definition as he collection is regularly updated.
No registration process
While most of the applications designed for streaming movies and TV shows require you to enter your details such as name, email id, country name and pincode, Live Net TV, on the other hand, does not require any such registration. To start streaming your favorite television shows and movies, you don’t have to undergo any lengthy registration process. You can begin right away. Some apps require you to enter your credit card details on the pretext of security; there is no need to add any kind of details on Live Net TV application which is why it is one of the most favorite streaming applications of many people all over the world.
A vast collection segregated into different genres
One of the most impressive things about Live Net TV application is the way in which content is presented before users. The app has a large collection of television shows and movies in different languages for users. Most importantly, the content is segregated into a fashion which makes it easy for users to pick their favorite videos. You can find videos of different genres such as religion, classic, popular movies, sports, etc. There is also a vast collection of documentaries in the app which is a delight for all the documentary lovers out there. Moreover, the content on the application is regularly updated and you can also request the titles that you think are missing from the collection. The team of Live Net TV app responds promptly and the requested title will be added in no time so that you can enjoy your favorite show or movie.
Video Playback Supported in Various Video Players
Developers have taken complete care of the comfort of the users of the application. Video playback is supported in many third party video players including MX Player, VLC Media player and other players users find convenient. This feature is especially beneficial for all those users who complain that the default player of their mobile device is disappointing and lacks features. All those users can download the desired video player from Google Play Store and watch videos in it.
Schedule Live Events
The latest version of the application (version 4.5) brings with itself a rather useful feature. Now you can have look at all the upcoming events in sports and other live events. If you want to access this feature, click on the menu and choose live events from there. You can now go to the date on which the event will stream live and select the event.
Other noteworthy features of the application are notifications whenever a new channel or video is added to the already vast library, option of adding videos to the favorite list, option of setting your favorite tab so that you get to see the tab whenever you launch the application and password protection of categories.
Compatibility of Live Net TV Application
Live Net TV application on all the devices that run on Android operating system which means that the application is not only compatible with mobile phones but also with tablets, Fire Stick, Fire TV and Android Boxes of different models and makes. If you want to run this application on your desktop that is running on Window operating system then you can download bluestacks emulator for it. By downloading the Bluestacks emulator, you will be able to install the application on your Windows desktop and will be able to enjoy movies and television show on a big screen.
How to install Live Net TV App?
In order to download live nettv from an external source, your Android phone should have the permission of downloading third-party applications from external sources. To grant the permission, go to settings and scroll down to ‘Security’ section. There, you will see the option of ‘unknown sources’. Check the option to download the application. You can turn off the option again after downloading the application. After downloading the application, install it in your mobile phone like you would install any other application by simply clicking on the install button.
Live netTV download and Installation on Firestick and Fire TV is a lengthy procedure and you can Google the steps you would need to pursue to install Live NetTV application on your Fire Stick and Fire TV.
Pros & Cons of Live NetTV APK
Live NetTV app is a one of a kind app with many advantages and a few disadvantages as well. Let us have a look at pros and cons of the app.
Advantages
- It is a free of cost application with no lengthy registration procedure to begin streaming your favorite movie.
- A vast collection of television shows and movies and the content is neatly arranged into different categories making it easy for users to find what they are looking for.
- The option of requesting any title which is not included int he library is a gem.
- The easy to use interface of the application makes it easy to use the application.
- With simple swiping gestures, you can switch between different applications.
- The feature of live events is a boon for those who watch live sports events.
Disadvantages
- Absence of electronic program guide is troublesome at times.
- Frequent ad pop ups can be a bit of annoying sometimes but users need to understand that app developers are earning from the advertisements as the application is free to download and there are no in-app purchases.
- The application is not available on Google Play Store which can be an issue regarding the credibility of the app. Live TV APK download can be done from the official website of the app.
Wrapping It Up
Live Net TV is a must have application for all android users if you are a fan of classic movies and television series. With the application, you can stream movies in high definition on your mobile phone. There are many features in the application that are exception and really helpful for users. Live Net TV application is reliable and entertaining application that is easy to download and use.