Livetennis.com specialises in keeping you up to speed with all things tennis.
Whether you eat, sleep and breathe tennis or just want to know how your favourite stars are doing, livetennis.com has you covered.
We bring you tournament previews, match reports, feature articles and opinion pieces to create an interesting, informed environment for fans.
And there’s never been a better time to be a tennis fan. Three players who are unquestionably among the all-time greats – Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic – dominate men’s tennis alongside Andy Murray and Stan Wawrinka, battling for dominance throughout an 11-month ATP World Tour season from January’s Qatar Open to November’s ATP World Tour Finals.
On the women’s side, Serena Williams continues to rule supreme while facing fierce competition from fellow Grand Slam champions Venus Williams, Victoria Azarenka, Petra Kvitova and Garbine Muguruza and the finesse players like Agnieszka Radwanska and Simona Halep wait to seize their own chance for glory, competing from January’s Brisbane International to November’s WTA Finals Singapore.
A new generation of potential champions, from Aussie bad boy Nick Kyrgios to American powerhouse Madison Keys, are hungry to make their mark as well – and then there’s the additional agony and ecstasy of playing for your country, as top stars represent their nations in Davis Cup, Fed Cup and Olympic tennis.
Tennis’s golden era of all-time greats battling it out and busting records left and right is only matched by the unprecedented levels of coverage and access, with the vast majority of matches at all tournaments and at all levels available for fans to enjoy live online.
Livetennis.com’s dedicated team of journalists keeps you up to date with the best tennis matches from around the world on a daily basis with match previews as well as bringing you all the significant news from off the court. Our experts break down tournament draws and analyse player form, predict winners and losers and debate the biggest and most controversial issues of the sport, bringing you informed opinion all year round.
And livetennis.com also wants you, the fans, to get involved. Make sure you check out our Facebook and Twitter pages to see what’s sparking discussion, and be sure to comment on our articles. We are adding to Livetennis.com all the time, and aim to make it the best spot for tennis fans to be informed, provoked and entertained online and on the move!