We are the national voice of local government, working with councils to support, promote and improve
800 per cent increase in child modern slavery referrals made by councils
Brexit advice hub
#OurDay 2019
LGA responds to the Education Select Committee report on SEND
“Extra funding for SEND services next year is recognition of these pressures and will help councils in meeting demand for support next year, but we agree with the Committee that system reform is necessary alongside additional funding."
LGA responds to NHS digital report into rising social care requests
“Urgent action is necessary to secure social care and support over the long-term. The Government’s proposals on the future of adult social care brought forward in the Queen’s Speech need to be substantive and must be brought forward as soon as possible."
LGA responds to RNIB report on education for blind children
“This report provides further evidence of the immense pressures councils continue to face in supporting children who are blind or visually impaired as well as other pupils with special educational needs and disabilities."
LGA responds to announcement of green number plates consultation
“The introduction of green number plates could be a helpful tool for councils looking to encourage use of zero emission vehicles, which they can tailor and adapt according to their local area."
LGA responds to Children's Commissioner report on gambling addiction
“In addition to introducing new legislation, the Government should ensure councils have the resources they need to provide appropriate education and support to parents, schools and across the wider children’s workforce.”
Debate on neighbourhood services provided by district councils and other local authorities, House of Lords, 24 October 2019
District councils are at the heart of delivering on many of the key issues that matter to communities. This includes services such as housing, planning, waste and recycling services, as well as leisure centres, museums and parks.
‘first' is the LGA's monthly membership magazine for our 18,200 councillors and local authority chief executives in England and Wales
Learn more about and sign up to recieve LGA's newsletters.
Local government is already the most efficient, transparent and trusted part of the public sector. In this time of austerity, we will also need to be even more ambitious when it comes to reshaping services in the future.
By clicking any link on this page you are giving your consent for us to set cookies.