Designing Your Brand Has Never Been So Easy!
Create your corporate style instantly with Logaster Brand Maker! Start with logo creation and get other design items in a few clicks!
Fast and Simple Branding
Logaster is an online branding tool that has helped 7 million clients build their own brand identities. With the help of Logaster’s AI technology, you can get full branding designs with your own logo, including business cards, letterheads, envelopes, social media, etc. Branding has never been easier!
Brand Logos That Our Clients Have Created
Our logo creator has generated more than 10 634 746 creative designs - and counting! Check them out!
Full Branding Kit for Your Company in Minutes!
Let’s see what we can offer for your full branding package.
The Features That You Need
Join us for successful branding! Here’s what we deliver!
Free Logo
Unlimited free trial with Logaster. Download a small, watermark-free logotype in PNG format at no cost. Preview the ways in which you can apply your logo.
Vector Files for Print
These are scalable logotypes in SVG and PDF formats for use on various branding collaterals.
120+ High-Resolution Files
The files include JPG and PNG logo with 2000×2000 px. It’s contains numerous color schemes to use on social media and your website.
6 Layout Options
Horizontal, vertical, and text logos with or without a tagline to fit all your design needs.
24/7 Editing
You can alter your design anytime, even after downloading. Implement your inspiration whenever, wherever!
Ownership of Copyright
You will have full ownership of the copyright for your design, whether it’s for commercial use.
Latest Blog Articles
Check out more useful articles in our blog.
21 October 2019
21 October 2019
Logaster - Online Logo Maker & Generator
Ali Al Majed
Your service is exceptional and helpful. I like the logos and hopefully in time I will upgrade my service to M plan.Ali Al Majed <span class="icon icon-facebook"></span>
Melanie Beck
Great service through which I could design my custom logo with a business card, letterhead, favicon, and envelope for my business. It was super easy. And the best part: Whenever I had a question or a problem, I got it answered by mail within a maximum of 2 days! Super branding software, super support! Only to be recommended!Melanie Beck <span class="icon icon-external-link"></span>
Forrest Yue
I made the logo of my startup through Logaster's online tool, it was very useful and easy to use, this was my first try to do such thing, I got quick response from their support center, we did communication via email and it was great feeling with their customer services, quick, clear guidance, and with great patience even I asked many questions about how to use Chinese word to make a logo!!Forrest Yue <span class="icon icon-facebook"></span>
Full Brand Identity Package
Use the Logaster logo maker to quickly launch your company. Type in your business name and get a professional branding package in 60 seconds! Try us out — it’s easy!