Find real estate for sale or for rent in Belgium
Find real estate agents in Belgium
Districts
Main cities
Belgian coast
Real estate in Belgium
Logic-Immo.be is a website that focuses entirely on the Belgian real estate market.
If you visit our website, you’ll find thousands of real estate ads provided by our partners, the real estate agencies. Apart from that, we as a company have and maintain good relationships with serious professionals in real estate, promotions and construction. On our website you’ll find all the information you’ll ever need about all kinds of real estate imaginable. These include houses, apartments, land, flats, mansions, garages and offices. Thanks to our user friendly search bar, your brand new penthouse, gorgeous passive house in the city or quiet house in the countryside is only a couple of clicks away!
Our dedicated blog can also provide you with tons of information about what’s going on in the world of real estate. Important subjects, like federal and national regulations, what to watch out for when buying a property and the real estate market in your area are heavily featured. And we haven’t even mentioned architecture and design yet!
Have a look at the holiday properties on our website and you’ll be dreaming of a summer holiday in no time! In fact, if you own holiday property, or any property for that matter, we can help you sell it or rent it out. You can post your ad on our website without approaching an agency!
Ofcourse, Logic Immo doesn’t confine itself to a website. Besides an app for iOS and android, we publish a bi-weekly magazine, available both in print and online, which can be read on the website under ‘news’. The magazine is available for free in most shopping malls and in other, busy public places. Of course, you can always read it on your iPad! The quality of our magazine is undisputed, making Logic Immo market leader concerning free real estate magazines!
Making real estate easy!
Live in Belgium
Interested in living in Belgium? Or do you already live here and are you looking to move? Be sure to take a look at our city real estate page, where you’ll find tons of information concerning most Belgian cities and communes. For example, statistics about real estate prices and which properties we have in that specific place. There you'll find villa's, piano nobile's and ground floor flats, duplexes, studios, penthouses and so on. Our concrete examples such as Brussels-City, Etterbeek, Schaerbeek but also Antwerp, Ghent or Mons will give you a detailed insight of real estate for sale or for rent in your area.
Take a look at the entire offer of real estate in Belgium.