Make a logo with Looka
Looka Logo Maker combines your logo design preferences with Artificial Intelligence to help you create a custom logo you'll love. All it takes is a few clicks and five minutes.
01. Our logo maker is easy
Start by entering your company name and industry, then select the perfect logo styles, colors, and symbols that you like the best. Looka Logo Maker will use these as inspiration and start to generate custom logo designs.
02. Our logo maker is fun
Finalize your colors, fonts, and layouts in our easy-to-use logo editor to make sure you get exactly what you want. Undo any edits you make and then click save when you’ve created your perfect logo design.
03. Our logo maker delivers
Looka’s online logo maker delivers the goods, including vector logo files and color variations. It’s always free to create a logo. When you’re ready, pick a logo package and download your files.
A logo creator that gives you everything a logo designer would
1. High-res logos
Crisp PNG logo files for any online use — download your logo for as little as $20.
2. Vector files
SVG and EPS logo files that let you scale your logo to any size. Perfect for printing!
3. Color variations
Get black and white, colored, and transparent background variations of your logo.
4. Business card designs
Generate 19 professional business card designs with different layouts.
5. Social media kit
40+ perfectly sized versions of your logo for Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Etsy, and more.
6. Brand info
A one-page resource with your logo fonts and colors. Consistency for the win!
7. Post-purchase changes
Make edits to your logo design up to 72 hours after purchase and re-download.
8. Lifetime logo support
Our team is here if you need help opening files, tweaking your designs, or getting started.
9. Royalty-free logos
After purchase, use your logo files for any commercial or non-commercial purpose.
How to use Looka's logo generator
Looka these beautiful logos :)
Your best logo maker questions
-
Is Looka a free logo maker?
Yes! Use Looka logo maker to design and save as many logos as you want for free. However, when you’re ready to download and use your logo, or absorb the copyright, you’ll need to purchase one of our affordable logo packages.
-
How do I make a logo?
Looka’s logo generator is super fast and easy to use. Start by entering your company name and industry, then select logo styles, colors, and symbols for inspiration.
Within seconds, you’ll be browsing custom logos generated by our AI-powered platform. Click any logo to tweak colors, fonts, layouts, symbols, and more.
Need help? Watch our video demo on how to create a logo in 5 minutes with Looka.
-
How do I receive my logo package?
Click Download on the post-purchase page to immediately receive your logo files. We also send your files via email so you can keep a copy if you need to download it to other computers.
-
What logo files do I get?
With our Basic package, you’ll receive one PNG logo file with a colored background.
With our Premium and Enterprise packages, you’ll receive 16+ logos files: high-resolution PNG files with transparent backgrounds, and PDF, EPS and SVG vector files. Find out more on our pricing page.
-
Do I own my logo design?
As the legal owner of your logo files, you have full copyright of your logo; however, it applies it to your logo design as a whole and not the individual elements (e.g. symbols).
If you require a legally binding trademark and would like to prevent others from using your logo, please contact the copyright/trademark office in your country.
-
What if I need help designing or downloading my logo?
The easiest and quickest way to get help is through our online chat. Click the blue speech bubble button in the bottom right corner of the page to contact one of our customer success managers. You can also email our team at support@looka.com.
Want one of our logo designers to make custom changes to your logo? You can purchase Senior Designer Time (one hour) for $130USD as an add-on to any logo package.
-
Will I know the fonts and colors used in my logo?
Yes! In your downloaded logo folder, you’ll see a “Getting Started” guide explaining your logo files and the colors and fonts used. Note that this guide is included in the Premium and Enterprise packages.
The Most Reviewed Free Logo Maker Online
Let's make a logo!
In the time it took you to read this, you could have designed a professional logo for your business. See for yourself.