Welcome to Lonewolf Online
Hello and Welcome to Lonewolf Online, the website of Tim Trott - photographer, astronomer and software engineer.
I'm originally from Bristol, England and I'm currently living a few miles from Glasgow, Scotland. I love travel and photography so naturally, I'm creative. I also love writing and over the years my blog has become part of my journey to see the world in a new way.
On my blog, you will find many articles and tutorials on a range of subjects from photography to astronomy, travel, computers, gaming and more. Learn how to program, take better photos, get started in astronomy, build some DIY projects and more.
Get started using the links below, or use the menu above to find something new and interesting.
Lonewolf Online - Since 2005
What Early Astronomers Did For Us
Astronomers of early civilisations performed methodical observations of the night sky, and astronomical artefacts have been found from much earlier periods. We take a look at some of the famous astronomers and scientific breakthrough throughout history.
Who needs pyramids and hanging gardens when you can have quasars and supernovae. When it comes to wonders, the Universe holds the aces.
How to use the tiny telescopes that came with you big scope to locate celestial objects in the sky.
Top 10 Reasons Your Shots Have Soft Focus
Soft focus shots are the bane of the serious photographer's life and a major reason why images get rejected by stock image libraries or lose out in camera club competitions or photo society distinctions.
Samsung Galaxy S10 - An Owners Review
This is an honest, unbiased review of the Samsung Galaxy S10 from an owner after 4 months of using the phone.
Building a Vue.js Website with Axios and Flickr API
Step by step guide to creating your first Vue.js app. We install and configure Vue.js, create a new project and build a portfolio website using Flickr API.
13 Essential VSCode Extensions You'll Actually Use
Here is a curated list of the best VS Code Extensions for developers to enhance productivity.
10 WordPress Themes for Artists and Creatives
If you're an artist looking for a responsive WordPress theme with an awesome design and built-in portfolio to showcase your work, these 10 themes are perfect for the job.
CLR Strict Security on SQL Server 2017
There is a new configuration option in SQL Server 2017 called CLR strict security, it is enabled by default, and can cause problems when using CLR.
What's New in MVC6 and Why MVC6 is the Best Yet
21st October 2019
.Net Core and Why it's the Future
21st October 2019
Fall of the Mayan Civilisation
Why did the Maya, a remarkably sophisticated civilisation, suddenly collapse sometime during the 8th or 9th centuries?
12 Advanced Ancient Technologies That Should NOT Exist
21st October 2019
The Bargarran Witches of Glasgow
21st October 2019
What Is A Bullet Journal And Why You Should Start One
Bullet Journal is a term taking social media by storm at the moment. We look at exactly what a Bullet Journal is and how you can use it to track the past, order the present and design the future. Even buy a house.
21st October 2019
21st October 2019