Feel like James Bond on Piz Gloria
Piz Gloria is a rotating panoramic restaurant at the top of the Schilthorn (2970m). The restaurant overlooks the Lauterbrunnen Valley and the peaks of the Mönch, Eiger and Jungfrau. The building makes a complete rotation in 55 minutes and is best known thanks to James Bond.
Piz Gloria
Jungfraujoch: to the top of Europe by train
Welcome to the Bernese Oberland, where snowy alpine summits have been made accessible by a network of cogwheel trains and cable cars. Few regions have a beautiful mountain landscape, and in many less regions, this landscape is easily accessible. Something has to be done about that, they thought in the Switzerland of the 19th century.
La casa de papel (Money Heist) season 1 plot
Star Wars filming locations
Follow the Chianti wine route trough Tuscany
In this article we follow the Chianti Wine Route or Chiantigiana (SR 222) throughout one of Italy's most beautiful and charming regions. The road swings through the Tuscan hills of the Chianti Classico wine region along thousands of hectares of vineyards, all of which produce the Chianti Classico DOCG (the highest classification for Chianti). We leave in Florence and drive along the many picturesque villages to Siena.
Discover the Alsace wine route
Star Wars: The Last Jedi movie locations
Just like we did location hunting in our Star wars Tunisia special, this article will focus on the saga's last installment: The Last Jedi. The exotic planets that come to life in theatres are based on real life locations. Most of the movie was shot in Pinewoord Studio's near London, but many outdoor scenes are filmed on location. Here is an overview.
Hint: Open a new tab showing Google Maps next to this page. Copy/paste the given Lat/Long coordinates in Google map's searchbox to see the Star Wars locations on a map.
Skellig Michael, Ireland as Ahch-To
Lat/Long coordinates 51.771550, -10.542210
Why koalas are the world’s dumbest animals
A Koala might look like an adorable cute litte teddy bear, in reality it is one of the dumbest species, one that has never heard of survival of the fittest. In fact it’s almost a miracle they are not already extinct today. Here is why:
Brain size