For nearly 20 years, the Healthy Back Institute has helped millions of people find lasting relief from pain conditions through evidence-based natural solutions. Learn more about us.
Most Recent Articles
Want the Benefits of Inversion Therapy without the Equipment? Try These Exercises
Every day, whether you’re standing or sitting, the force of gravity is pulling down on your spine, compressing the discs in your back, taxing your ligaments, and putting pressure on your nerv … Read More
Texting Thumb Pain: Causes and Treatments
"Texting thumb" -- once called "blackberry thumb" in the early 00's -- is the layman's term now being used to describe thumb pain related to texting and constant smartphone use. It may sou … Read More
Stomach and Back Pain: Common Causes, Symptoms and Treatments
Medically reviewed by Dr. Brian Paris, D.C on Nov. 6, 2018. Are you experiencing lower back pain that radiates to your abdominal area? Stomach and back pain often go hand-in-hand. After … Read More
Why You Feel Lower Back Pain When You Have the Flu
Medically reviewed by Dr. Brian Paris, D.C on Nov. 6, 2018. Is lower back pain a symptom of the flu? Is there a link between back pain and the flu? We get asked these questions a lot he … Read More
How Long Does Sciatica Last?
Medically reviewed by Dr. Brian Paris, D.C on Nov. 6, 2018. If you're dealing with a painful sciatica flare-up, you likely have one question on the top of your mind: How long does sciatica … Read More
Need Pain Relief Right Now?
Instantly download one of the FREE pain relief guides below:
Plus, you receive of our “Less Pain – More Life” daily emails. They’re jam packed with effective health and pain relief tips that you can use right away.
Herniated Disc Healing Miracles
This free guide and audio program shows you how to treat herniated or bulging disc.
Get it FREE Here
Instant Sciatica Relief
Eliminate sciatic pain fast with the breakthrough information and tips in this free guide.
Get it FREE Here
Arthritis and Joint Pain Secrets
This free special guide uncovers simple ways to reduce aches and pains and help you live pain free.
Get it FREE Here