Defining class, elegance and status, Louis Philippe is a purveyor of fine clothing for the discerning gentleman. In pursuit of excellence, Louis Philippe stands for precision in craftsmanship that translates into clothing that are classic and contemporary, and perfect for the quintessential man. An international super brand for menswear clothing, Louis Philippe offers a range of formals, semi-formals, custom-made clothing and accessories. Addressing the needs of the style-conscious man, the brand’s clothing range boasts of a collection of suits, shirts, trousers, T-shirts and accessories that can be bought in-store and online.
LP- Passion Drives Excellence
Keeping in mind the globe-trotting businessman, Louis Philippe’s sub brand LP caters to men with panache and attitude. With a collection of shirts, suits, jackets, formal trousers, casual pants, T-shirts and accessories, LP by Louis Philippe combines a nonchalant look with trend-led fashion that defines today’s man. Available on Louisphilippe.com, you can buy Louis Philippe shirts and suits online while you’re on-the-go. With smart denims being the new chinos, you can also browse through the range of Louis Philippe jeans online and pick one that defines a quasi-formal look. With promise of comfort and perfection, you can look through the wide range of Louis Philippe trousers online that are ideal for days when you mix business with pleasure. And for a dapper finishing touch to your ensembles, you can buy Louis Philippe shoes that beautifully marry function and style. You can also revel in comfort with their range of innerwear which is crafted from the softest of cotton that is perfect for all day wear. Indulging to the needs of the discerning gentleman, Louis Philippe delivers nothing short of sharp style and finesse.
Luxure- In a Quest for Excellence
Elevating premium wear to a new high, Luxure by Louis Philippe celebrates innovation, craftsmanship and skill. With a range of clothing that blends together traditional and contemporary styles, the brand focuses on meticulous precision and uses only the finest of fabrics. With a luxurious range that boasts of suits and shirts, the collection also includes formal shoes, cufflinks, silk ties and accessories. From formal to ceremonial, you can browse the diverse collection and buy Luxure by Louis Philippe shirts online. Luxure by Louis Philippe also offers a made-to-measure service that is available in select stores across the country. Made from the finest of fabrics sourced from world-class mills, Louis Philippe blazers define sophisticated elegance and finesse. You can also buy Louis Philippe trousers online that are perfect for the boardroom and beyond. Louis Philippe also launched a range of timepieces under the sub brand Time by Louis Philippe. With attention to detail and Swiss aesthetics, the sophisticated watches delve on excellence.