Find affordable rentals & housing options for low income families and individuals
Some local governments will pay private landlords (sometimes non-profit) in exchange for affordable rents for low and moderately low income people
Many landlords offer properties at rents proportional to tenant's income in exchange for tax credits. LowIncomeHousing.us lists thousands of income based properties.
Find HUD, low-income and income based affordable apartments across the country.
Browse the latest additions and updates to our database.
Click on your state to find a low income property in your area.
See the most visited properties in the entire United states
Most low income apartments have waiting lists. Some of these lists can take years until you can be called for openings. The key is to try to get on as many waiting lists as possible.
We provide phone numbers and websites. Call the apartments directly if they have openings or open waiting lists.
We provide current apartment rates on many listing pages. Most HUD listings do not have published rates. They are based on 30% of the renters adjustable gross income. You will need to contact the apartments to determine if you qualify for income based rent.
Post your story and recieve help from donors to your Paypal account
I am trying to find a place i suffer from PTSD. I receive $750.00 from his social starting next month. I hope that there is some way to find housing on my limited income. I am hono...
Where I currently live with my 2 children there will not be any heat when the cold arrives, I am disabled on a fixed income,Praying for donations to help my children&I to relocate&...
Im a single mom of 5 an til I can get child care for my 3 youngest children. Ive applied for housing an ive been working with a lady at a homeless shelter an have applied for every...
I am disabled, I have a heart condition and I had to give up working. In need of an apartment, I’m homeless. Any help is truly appreciated. ...
Download the latest Income Eligibility and Rent in HUD Rental Report