WELCOME TO LONDON SCHOOL OF BUSINESS & FINANCE
London School of Business & Finance offers industry-focused programmes designed to reflect global market trends. LSBF attracts the most talented and ambitious candidates globally, and works together with its corporate partners to develop programmes structured with an up-to-date and international perspective in mind. Read more
With the resources that LSBF put on to the canvas with videos of the tutor preparing his own material and plus more study support, it makes it easier to be able to study wherever you are.
I’ve really found the course incredibly beneficial. I am taking a lot of the knowledge that I learn in the classroom and in the exams, to my everyday job. In one word, if I was to sum up my experience I would say amazing.
The ACCA tutors will go the extra mile to make sure that you do fulfil your full potential and get the best out of yourself to pass your exams, which I don’t think anybody else, in terms of provider wise would do.
What makes LSBF a unique institution are the lecturers and tutors equipped to provide experience easy to apply in the real world.
Emile Albert Lloyds
Read more >
MBA in International Management
I studied with the best tutors at LSBF who were experienced and possessed industry as well as theoretical knowledge.
Maruf Aripdjanov
Read more >
ACCA + BSc Applied Accounting
I greatly improved in my writing ability and I hope to use this skill to produce publishable legal writings.
Nabila Rafique
Read more >
LLM in International Business Law
The networking skills learned at LSBF are vital in my work with fellow entrepreneurs as I seek out investment opportunities.
Rotimi Oke
Read more >
Master in International Business
I chose LSBF for the quality of the business programme and because it is based in one of my favourite locations, London.
Alina Novikova
Read more >
Bachelor in International Business
I’ve been to several high-profile ACCA tuition providers and I can honestly say that LSBF has the best ACCA tutors.
Thanks to knowledge and skills gained at LSBF, I have the opportunity to work with extremely talented people.
LSBF gave me the opportunity to have the unique intercultural experience of meeting people from all over the world.
Danilo Mura
Read more >
Master in International Business
Maria realised she wanted to progress quickly in her professional career, so she opted for LSBF. She was happy with the online Canva platform that allows students to access anytime the material provided.