Sergeant Miles, everyone’s favorite macho military man in gay porn, is back to show Aaden Stark a thing or two about how to properly fuck a guy in the ass. Sergeant has been fooling around with the hot Blaze Austin for a few months now, and while Aaden is staying with Sergeant in his city apartment, he invites him into his bedroom to share Blaze. Sergeant opens Blaze up with his cock first, and then Aaden gets into him and fucks him like the Raw Anal Slut he is. Before long, both Aaden Stark and Sergeant Miles both are double-penetrating Blaze Austin in his tight backdoor!
The beautiful muscle twink Klim Gromov never disappoints when he’s starring in a gay bareback sex encounter. His frosty blue eyes pierce through all who look at him, and it’s an incredible effect when he makes eye contact with you during a blowjob or pounding his ass. Along with his beauty, Klim is also a champion Raw Anal Slut, and he can take a huge uncut cock like a true champion. It might as well be his calling in life, since he’s passed around like a sex doll by Michael Lucas and Rico Marlon, and all he wants is more!
Dirk Caber is a true muscle bear to be lusted after, but don’t let his butch appearance fool you. Dirk might be a guy’s guy, but that doesn’t mean he isn’t interested in some backdoor attention. He invites Andre Donovan over to show him what a big black cock can offer him during his trip to the city, and Andre doesn’t let him down. Andre Donovan fucks Dirk Caber in the ass bareback so hard he can barely walk after he’s through with him!
Jackson Radiz is the perfect Raw Anal Slut to lead the first encounter in this new series of gay bareback sex scenes and the upcoming movie, “Raw Anal Sluts” -- his innocent babyface belies his true nature. When he’s with other hot guys, he strips down and is ready to intense sex. Dylan James and his buddy Jeffrey Lloyd invite Jackson over with the intention of fucking his throat and banging his ass. Jackson gives it up to both of them, taking both of their raw dicks at the same time. Jeffrey gets so turned on he switches roles with Jackson and rides his cock for a while, too!
Manuel Skye comes in as a close second when evaluating handsome men to be a Muscle Daddy King -- he has classic good looks, an incredible body and an intimidating, battering ram of a cock. He’s not for the faint of heart among bottoms -- especially when you see his erection standing tall and ready to go -- because he’s rough and intense when he fucks. Drew Dixon is always up for a sexual challenge though, and he and his buddy Max Adonis hook up with Manuel. Manuel Skye fucks the hell out of Drew before switching off with Max, who also fucks Drew raw under the watchful eye of Manuel.
Allen King is an adorable little guy who loves sex, and he has quickly risen in the ranks as one of the most popular among the Lucas Men. He has a huge stepdad/stepson fetish, and has been attracted to Tomas Brand for a long time. Tomas is more than happy to make Allen’s dreams a reality, and he shows Allen one of the best times he’s ever had. Allen King likes it rough and he gets off big-time on submitting, so Tomas Brand -- being the King of All Muscle Daddies -- doesn’t hold back with Allen. While he’s ramming Allen’s tiny ass and tight hole, Tomas grabs his throat and holds him down to show him his daddy is in charge!
Sex buddies Dylan James and Edji Da Silva are hanging out at home, and their both cruising on the sex apps looking for a guy to double-team in the mouth and ass raw. They find the tall, fresh-faced Braxton Boyd, who is instantly attracted to Edji’s black beard and dark coarse fur, and Dylan’s beautiful body covered in tattoos. Braxton accepts their invitation to fuck raw, and he soon finds himself gagging on Dylan’s cock while getting his hole wrecked by Edji!
Tomas Brand is the reigning King of All Muscle Daddies, and he is always in high demand to go to bed with younger guys who want to fulfill their stepdad/stepson fantasies with him. Here, two guys are vying for Tomas’ attention -- Jeffrey Lloyd and Jesse Santana. Tomas takes his time tasting the cocks of Jeffrey and Jesse before he fucks Jesse raw in a spit-roast position while Jesse sucks on Jeffrey’s monster cock. Tomas gets so worked up by his young lovers that he wants to feel his own ass get rammed, and he gets his hole pounded by both Jesse and Jeffrey!
The young and mesmerizing faces of Jackson Radiz and Allen King make them two all-star Lucas Men, and they're an incredible pairing in this gay bareback sex encounter. Jackson lets his dominant side take over, and he takes control of little Allen King, who submits to Jackson's manly needs. Allen uses his mouth to give Jackson a sensual blowjob before moving on and offering up his ass for a bareback pounding!
The sexy Max Adonis lives up to his namesake -- he really is an Adonis, and there's something extra devilish in his youthful good looks. Viktor Rom sees this, too, and has to have him the only way Viktor knows how to. Viktor Rom demands that his bottoms submit to and service him, and Max eagerly takes up the challenge. Viktor and Max slip away from the pool party outside so Viktor can have him all to himself. Max uses his mouth to pleasure Viktor's battering-ram cock before getting his young hole sodomized without mercy.
Apolo Fire has jacked up -- a lot -- since the last time he's sucked and fucked on camera for Lucas Entertainment. And with all of the extra beefy muscle on his body, Apolo has a hankering to fuck some ass. The little and adorable Randy Junior is not shy about pouncing on a rock-hard cock for a guy he's into, and he's very into Apolo. In return, Apolo Fire give Randy Junior an ass thrashing he won't soon forget.
The Lucas Men know how to have fun, and right now it's all about the "Bareback Pool Party" they had during this past production in Spain. But no one ever assumed this would just be hanging out by the water and soaking up the sun -- the Lucas Men are all naked, and they're not going to let this opportunity go to waste. James Castle has been hungry for some Latin meat, so he serves himself up to Andrea Suarez and Andy Star for a sizzling threesome. James swallows Andy's cock while Andrea pounds his hole!
Andy Onassis takes charge in this gay bareback sex encounter, and Andrea Suarez shows off his beautiful Latin body as he sits down on Andy’s cock and take a ride he soon won’t forget. While Andrea is riding Andy, J Anders opens up his mouth wide and sucks on Andrea’s uncut dick. When it’s J’s turn to get fucked in the ass, he moans like a bitch while both Andy and Andrea take turns going balls deep inside his hole!
Arad Winwin meets up with his Arab fuck buddy Edji Da Silva, and they double-team the bottom who is always ready to take a dick up his ass and down his throat -- Benjamin Gomez. Edji and Arad have some fun seeing who can fuck and thrash Benjamin harder, so they take turns gagging Benjamin and sticking their cocks up his ass! Arad Winwin’s muscles flex and bulge as he pounds Benjamin in his ass. Benjamin Gomez would moan, but his mouth is full of Edji Da Silva’s cock!
Stas Landon is as jacked as he’s always been, and it’s been awhile since he’s been on camera to fuck around bareback with another guy. His buddy Ben Batemen invites him over for some fun, and they get into some hardcore foreplay by sucking on each other’s foreskin. Ben is horny to be on top and Stas wants to take the submissive role, so he bends over so Ben can breed him rough and raw. Ben has a reputation for not taking it easy when he’s fucking a guy, and he teaches Stas how to behave like a good bitch and just take it until he’s ready to come.
Arad Winwin is a beautiful Persian muscle god, and this guy’s sex drive is always on fire. Arad is especially attracted to other muscular guys, and he loves getting his hands all over a worked-out guy before he gets him on his back and breeds his hole. Dylan James has wanted to get into bed with Arad Winwin for a long time now, and he finally has his chance. Dylan and Arad first touch and explore each other’s muscles before they whip out their dicks and give each other wet and sloppy blowjobs. But Dylan can’t control himself, and soon gets on his back so Arad can show him the true alpha-top Persian he is. Dylan has never been bred like this before!
Alpha-tops Andrey Vic and Andre Donovan meet up to hang out naked with Riley Mitchel and Drew Dixon. It's a good thing Andrey and Andre have a lot of stamina in the bedroom, because both Drew and Riley want to feel their asses split in half, and they take turns enjoying double penetration from their tops!
Could there possibly be a hotter four-way barebacking encounter than between Max Arion, Allen King, Rico Marlon, and Max Avila? Both Max Arion And Rico are no-bullshit alpha tops, and only bottoms who can take massive dick long and hard need apply. That's why Allen King and Max Avila are two awesome matches for them, because when Max and Rico unleash their huge uncut cocks on them, there's no backing down from the challenge!
Who has a tighter six pack, Jeffrey Lloyd or Ruslan Angelo? Now is your chance to find out because these two sculpted gay porn stars are side by side as they take turns spit-roasting Hunter Smith. Jeffrey's cock is uncut, enormous, and beautiful, and it's one hell of a mouthful (and ass-full) for Hunter while he's servicing Ruslan!
Devin Franco hasn't starred on Lucas Entertainment for awhile now, but he returns to feed his craving for big black cock. Bama Romello has had his eye on Devin for years, so the production team gave him a call when Devin said he wanted to get slammed by a huge black cock raw. When Devin Franco gets one look at the huge piece of dark meat between Bama's legs, he reminds us all just how much he loves sucking dick and riding cock bareback!
Though Daniel (Dirk Caber) has given in to the secrecy of his relationship with Jake (Nick Capra) time and again, he’s no longer willing to once he discovered Jake’s infidelity with his boss, Brian (Adam Killian). Daniel pays a visit to Tony (Dakota Payne), but instead of having a heart-to-heart talk with him about his stepfather, he winds up showing him the dynamics of their relationship by having bareback sex with the young stepson Tony!
Jake (played by Nick Capra) has an uncomfortable and fraught relationship with his boss, Brian (played by Adam Killian). Though Nick is in love with his secret boyfriend, Daniel (Dirk Caber), he can’t deny his animalistic lust for his muscular boss. It’s apparent Brian is up to no good, and he works hard to seduce Jake into cheating on his boyfriend.
Jake (played by Nick Capra) has been secretly in love and carrying on a relationship with his boyfriend, Daniel (played by Dirk Caber) for a long time now, but it’s a part of his life he keeps from his stepson, Tony (played by Dakota Payne). The quiet dynamic of their relationship hurts Daniel, but he’s also weak in the presence of Nick’s alpha-daddy persona, and despite his hurt feelings, they always end up having incredibly passionate bareback sex.
Nick Capra and Dakota Payne both star in “Secrets My Daddy Never Told Me” -- a story of a stepfather and stepson working through their secrets and love for one another. Nick Capra plays Jake, and Dakota plays Tony; in the first scene of the movie, Tony meets with his boyfriend, Jimmy (played by Arad Winwin) who are both planning a secret move, one that Tony is afraid will crush his stepfather. But despite worry, the passion between Jimmy and Tony cannot be squelched, and they have sweaty bareback sex together when they meet.
All Riley Mitchel wants is to get ahead in life, and he’s gotten to the point where he will do whatever it takes. He’s a smart and driven guy, but sometimes that’s not enough. Thankfully, he’s also a sex-crazed muscle bear who is ready to rip off his suit and fuck around with other guys bareback. When Dirk Caber and Dylan James propose this idea to him so he can take his career to the next level, what’s a guy to do but comply?
Arad Winwin is a powerful Persian business tycoon who is not afraid to use his influence to get men to do whatever he wants whenever he wants. Arad is well aware of Andre Donovan and his business acumen in New York, and he’s also aware of Andre’s personal life as an alpha top in the city and how it intermingles with his white-collar life. Arad makes it his mission on his business trip to New York to make Andre work very long and very hard for his executive contract, and that means Andre Donovan, a total top, is going to have to bottom for the first time and take a hard pounding from Arad Winwin and his rock-hard raw cock!
Drake Rogers has never been a guy to turn down an opportunity to get ahead in life, and if that means taking off his clothes and fucking his way to the top, he’s up for it. But if Andrey Vic and Jeffrey Lloyd were your professional superiors, you would not have any issue turning unethical for an evening and fucking your bosses. Not only does Drake ride Jeffrey’s huge, fat uncut cock, but Drake also gets Andrey on his back and fucks him in his ass!
The high-level executive from South America, Rafael Alencar, is powerful in the business world, and he uses that power over all of the beautiful young men who are working long and hard to make their way in the world. While conducting business in the United States, he has a late-night meeting at his Manhattan apartment with three beautiful young men trying to build a career in his white-collar empire. Drew Dixon, Jake Morgan, and Max Adonis all have heard the stories of Rafael, and they’re fully prepared to strip off their clothes and take their sexuality to the extreme, including rough and raw double-penetration!
Rafael Carreras and Wagner Vittoria have been in a loving relationship for years, but sex can be complicated because they both prefer to top. So to keep the relationship alive and spicy, Rafael and Wagner have fun cruising for guys to bring into the relationship for a night. It’s not hard for these two to pick up guys: they’re handsome, in great shape, and have huge rock-hard cocks ready to fuck. They find the beautiful young Dakota Payne and invite him over to rough up, and that includes double-penetrating his ass. By the time they send him home, Dakota can barely walk!
Manuel Skye adores his young partner, Max Arion, but Max is the first to admit that he has an out-of-control wandering eye. Manuel does what he can to embrace Max’s sexual energy, and even fantasies about it sometimes. Manuel Skye imagines what the sexual encounter between Max Arion and the beautiful tourist Jeffrey Lloyd was like, and his imagination runs wild!
There’s one person in charge in the relationship between Edji Da Silva and Drake Rogers -- and that’s Edji. When Edji decides Drake is allowed to have sex, he has sex, and if Edji is horny for a new hole to breed instead of using Drake’s body as a sex object, he instructs Drake to find someone different to pleasure him -- and Drake always obeys. Drake finds Ian Greene on Grindr and invites him over. Edji Da Silva approves of Drake’s finding, and breeds the bottom slut while Drake watches on in envy.
JJ Knight treats his young boyfriend, Braxton Boyd, like a prince. He takes him on lavish vacations, buys him whatever he wants, and showers him with attention and admiration. But behind closed doors, JJ and Braxton share a gay cuckold fetish. Braxton wishes to have sex withheld from him sometimes, and instead he watches JJ fuck around with other guys. Braxton is only allowed to interact when JJ and his new lover allow it. Braxton even goes so far as to find guys for JJ Knight to dominate, and it’s Jackson Radiz he finds for this particular gay cuckolding encounter. While Jackson worship’s JJ’s body and raw cock, Braxton is allowed to only suck on Jackson’s feet and taste their cocks when JJ allows him!
Manuel Skye, like Tomas Brand, is in demand in the daddy-top role, and there are no two better guys than Allen King and Max Avila to share him. Allen and Max are into each other big time, and they pour all their energy into behaving like two stepbrothers sharing their stepdad behind closed doors. The question is this: who makes their daddy come first?
Tomas Brand, the King of All Muscle Daddies, returns for a second round. His uncut cock is hard and relentless, and when he first looked into Colton Grey’s icy blue eyes he had to have him. Combined with his full lips and build of a little beefcake stud, Colton turned into a fast infatuation for Tomas. And the King of All Muscle Daddies sure enjoys using Colton to work out another load!
The young and beautiful Latin model Benjamin Gomez is a firecracker in bed, but he’s usually known for what a good and well-behaved bottom taker he is. But the popular bottom now seduces his papa bear, Dallas Steele. Sure, Dallas does go balls deep in Benjamin’s gorgeous tight hole. But Benjamin’s youthful charm wins over Dallas, seducing him into bending over for Benjamin’s cock -- and it goes straight up his ass raw!
There’s no one in the gay porn industry like Tomas Brand, which is why he’s still the reigning King of All Muscle Daddies, which was coined by the Lucas Blog back in May 2016, and it’s a crown he still deserves to this day. And as the King of All Muscle Daddies, Tomas teams up with his buddy Arad Winwin (you know Arad, the Persian gay porn model who is beautiful, muscular, and a power top) to double team Dakota Payne. Let’s just say Dakota is one lucky guy, as you’ll see when he’s left panting after taking care of the needs of these two gay sex gods!
During the All-Star Orgy, Ruslan Angelo and JJ Knight took a particular liking to one another and wanted to explore their sexual chemistry together one-on-one. The following day, JJ goes after Ruslan without mercy and has the bottom gag on his cock before slamming and pounding him in his hole bareback in every position possible!
The mansion of hedonism reaches its height when all of the sexual activity culminates into a 10-man orgy worthy of Caligula himself. Join JJ Knight, Mas Arion, Colton Grey, Manuel Skye, Ruslan Angelo, Hunter Smith, Jeffrey Lloyd, Dakota Payne, Allen King, and Michael Lucas in this unforgettable bareback group encounter!
Max Avila is a young Latin punk who loves finding bottoms in need of a wild ride. The hotter the bottom, the rougher he is. But when fuck buddies Edji Da Silva and Max Arion invite him over for some fun, Max lets down his guard and gives in to his deep desire to bottom for two tops just as masculine and macho as he is. Watch Edji Da Silva and Max Arion show Max Avila no mercy as they go back and forth giving him one serious anal punishment he’ll never forget!
It’s a mansion of hedonism in the first installment of the bareback group action of “All-Star Orgy” -- wander the halls of and look room to room to find Manuel Skye fucking the young and beautiful Allen King deep in his ass while Colton Gray makes a bareback return to slam Dakota Payne from behind. And when he’s ready for a new experience, Dakota moves into another room where he flip-fucks with Max Arion, Jeffrey Lloyd, and Hunter Smith!
When you meet a hot guy it’s all about giving in to your animal instincts, and when that happens the Lucas Men turn into “Raw Anal Sluts”! Jackson Radiz is passed around and used orally an anally by Dylan James and Jeffrey Lloyd. Andre Donovan splits Dirk Caber’s ass open with his big black cock. Klim Gromov surrenders himself to Michael Lucas and Rico Marlon and becomes their personal sex slave. And Sergeant Miles teaches Aaden Stark how to pound Blaze Austin’s hole!
Tomas Brand is the long-reigning King of All Muscle Daddies, and in his new movie he proves why he will never loose his title! First, Tomas enjoys an incredible threesome where he flip-fucks with Jeffrey Lloyd and Jesse Santana. Tomas later returns to breed the hole of the sexy little Allen King. Tomas’ daddy-bud Manuel Skye joins the movie, too, and he gets rough and raw with Drew Dixon and Max Adonis. And Dylan James teams up with Edji Da Silva to use Braxton Boyd’s ass!
The summer heat never ends with the Lucas Men, so it’s time for everyone to get together for a “Bareback Pool Party!” James Castle, Andy Star, and Andrea Suarez suck and fuck with their hard uncut cocks. Randy Junior rides Apolo Fire’s dick. Max Adonis submits to Viktor Rom’s alpha-top persona. And Jackson Radiz tops Allen King raw!
Arad Winwin is an all-star “Alpha Top” who is taking the gay-porn industry by storm with his Adonis good looks, sculpted physique, and rock-hard cock! First, Arad goes one-on-one with the in-demand Lucas Man, Dylan James. And later on, Arad teams up with his fuck-bud Edji Da Silva to thrash Benjamin Gomez in the mouth and ass mercilessly. Ben Batemen makes an appearance for a bareback fuck with Stas Landon, Andrea Suarez enjoys the cum of J Anders and Andy Onassis!
The Lucas Men are ready to strip down, whip out their rock-hard cocks, and get into trouble as an all-star cast of “Breeding Bad Boys.” Devin Franco takes Bama Romello’s big black cock raw. Ruslan Angelo and Jeffrey Lloyd spit-roast Hunter Smith. Rico Marlon, Max Arion, Allen King, and Max Avila get sweaty in a four-way sex party. And Drew Dixon teams up with Riley Mitchel to take turns taking dick deep from Andre Donovan and Andrey Vic.
Nick Capra makes his directorial debut in “Secrets My Daddy Never Told Me,” a lust-filled story exploring the complicated relationship between an older and younger man. Nick stars as stepfather Jake and Dakota Payne costars as his stepson, Tony, and while living together, Jake tries to reconcile his life with his secret lover, Daniel (Dirk Caber) while suppressing his feelings for his boss, Brian (Adam Killian). Tony, meanwhile, wants to move his relationship and life forward with his boyfriend, Jimmy (Arad Winwin). The lives of Jake and Tony grow more and more problematic because of the “Secrets My Daddy Never Told Me.”
Both Philip Zyos and Ibrahim Moreno are beautiful men -- they have incredible faces, stunning bodies, and big uncut cocks ready for action. From the onset of the scene Ibrahim (who is enamored by Philip’s stunning good looks) drops to his knees and starts giving his top a perfect blowjob. And yes, Ibrahim mindfully makes eye contact with Philip while performing fellatio on him -- it’s a requirement Philip has when his bottoms pleasure him. Ibrahim, one of sexiest Lucas Entertainment exclusive models to date, loves getting his ass fucked, and if you skip ahead to 10:00 you’ll see him taking Philip’s big cock like a champ.
Wolf Rayet and Dennis Sokolov take some time to themselves in a spare bedroom so Wolf can suck on Dennis’ uncut Russian cock (oral sex is Wolf’s favorite activity). Alejandro Castillo, meanwhile, has a sixth sense for when sex is going on nearby, and he brings along his fuck buddy Dominic Arrow to see what’s going on. However, it’s not what’s going on but what is going to happen: Alejandro uses Dennis’ as his own personal fuck hole while Wolf and Dominic suck each other’s big cocks, getting off on the show unfolding before them!
Lucas Entertainment exclusive model Josh Rider is sunning himself by the pool when he and fellow exclusive Marq Daniels check each other out. It’s been awhile since Marq fucked an ass, and Josh Rider is always up for sneaking away and getting pounded out bareback. Josh can’t resist the inviting sight of a big uncut cock that’s hard and ready for sucking off, so when the guys find a quiet area away from the pool and Marq reveals his raging hard on, Josh gets to work. Marq Daniels has an incredible body, and his six pack flexes as Josh swallows all eight inches of his thick uncut meat. Marq preps Josh by sucking his dick and licking his asshole before bending him over and shoving it in. Josh is bent over taking Marq’s dick raw and hard: check out 11:55 if you want to see true ball-slapping anal action!
When I say Joey Pele pumps Tristan Archer’s twink ass, I mean he pumps it in every way you can imagine. Joey works over Tristan’s hole, he stuff a pump up his ass and inflates it, and when Tristan is finally ready for Joey’s huge uncut cock, he raw-dogs him. Joey is all about his stamina, as Tristan quickly learns!
Who else other than Drae Axtell is born and bred for the beach? There’s no other like him -- he’s the ultimate beach bum, and we love him for it. Dolf Dietrich had a hankering for Drae’s huge (and I mean huge) Puerto Rican cock, so the production team set up an encounter for them down on the Fire Island docks where Drae gives Dolf exactly what he wants: the whole of his huge hard cock.
Adam Killian has a fetish for guys who frequent the gym: he loves them when they’re sweaty after a long workout and strutting around the locker room showing off their goods. Rex Cameron is relatively new to the gay porn industry, and he’s been working hard to tear up his physique in the gym as much as possible, which is why he caught Adam’s eye. When Rex takes his clothes off for Adam, he admires the progress he’s made and quickly gets a hard-on. The sucking turns to fucking, and Adam fucks Rex on his back plenty, which is Rex’s favorite way to take dick.
Lucas Entertainment viewers can always depend on Devin Franco to come through as an awesome bottom. And fortunately Devin can depend on Alejandro Castillo to give him a rock-hard, nine-inch uncut Mexican cock to play with. Alejandro is rough with his bottoms, so he doesn’t take it easy on Devin, not even a bit. He pulls his Speedo aside from his hole and licks his ass, and that’s just to tease him. Devin behaves himself and sucks deeply on Alejandro’s foreskin and cock at 04:05 -- it’s awesome oral sex action where Devin proves himself. As for the ass fucking mentioned earlier, Devin bends over and takes a hard pounding from Alejandro later at 13:45 onward.
The challenge is officially on. Both the beautiful little muscle twink Klim Gromov (revel in his deep icy blue eyes) and the muscle jock Billy Santoro get to know each other on set with Pheonix Fellington, and both of them are salivating over the big black cock he has between his legs. Billy and Klim take turns bouncing on it, and eventually they form a raw fuck train on each other. Now that’s that I call and introduction!
Devin Franco is a young professional with a strong libido. He’s always horny, even at his demanding white-collar job. He stays after hours one evening, but it’s not to work. He allows his perverted side to take over and he starts jerking his big dick to porn on his office computer. He doesn’t realize his suited colleague Jacen Zhu is still around -- but he isn’t offended by Devin. He’s turned on and starts rubbing his hard black cock. Jacen joins Devin and they stroke together. But the longer Devin looks at Jacen’s hard-on the more he wants to taste it. The blowjob leads to the guys stripping off more of their suits and fucking each other in the ass bareback. At 22:50 you’ll see Devin completely naked, but Jacen still has his dress shirt and tie partially on -- revealing action-figure stomach of Jacen Zhu as he pumps his dick in Devin Franco’s tight ass.
Antonio Miracle is a big, beefy, and tattooed muscle bear that has a lot of passion to give his partners. He also looks incredible wearing a simple black t-shirt and jeans. Fresh-faced Derek Allan has a particular attraction to Antonio for all of these reasons and more -- he couldn’t stop staring at the beefcake on set -- so they were paired up to see what kind of fun would happen. It’s no surprise that quite a bit occurred. You might assume that Antonio would pound Derek, but he actually takes it as much as he gives. Show him who is in charge, Derek!
Drae Axtell is a Lucas Entertainment exclusive model known for his killer body and huge (fucking enormous, actually) cock and balls. Bogdan Gromov’s mouth watered when he saw the full package on set. Drae’s huge Puerto Rican dick barely fit in Bogdan’s ass when he got the smooth Russian twink on all fours for some bareback action. But once it was in he had no problem pumping for pleasure. It’s an awesome sight seeing Drae’s full balls bouncing against Bogdan’s cheeks at 12:12 And don’t count Bogdan Gromov out as a top: he flips Drae Axtell into several positions for a rough and bare ass fucking.
Dylan James is forced to wait for a business meeting he’s having with Emerson Palmer. He’d be more upset, though, if he actually meant to conduct business during it. But it’s Emerson’s ass he’s interested in and not his business savvy. Emerson works hard to win back Dylan’s good graces: he starts with Dylan’s black dress shoes and works his way up. Who wouldn’t want to suck on Dylan James’ nine-inch cock with him sitting back in a chair? It’s a pleasure watching Emerson take care of Dylan’s hard-on. When Dylan’s dick is throbbing, Emerson takes off his dress pants and gives up his ass.
The youthful, slender sex addict Allen King was born to have sex, and he's not letting any of us down! Allen, who is currently 28 years old, lives in Madrid and was born in Bilbao. And his pure Spanish heritage comes across in his libido, since he's always ready to have sex. After all, it's why he decided to pursue adult modeling and filming: "I wanted to be an actor and model because I like that people think I'm sex and enjoy wanting me fuck. So, when I connected these three thing, that equaled porn!" When Allen (who considers himself 60 percent a bottom and 40 percent a top) is in bed with a guy, he especially enjoys using his mouth on his partner, both sucking dick and eating ass. The wildest place Allen ever had sex was in a cemetery filming a movie, and he'd love to one day fulfill his fantasy of getting fucked rough and raw by an on-duty policeman or servicemen.
Max Arion is an Australian born hunk with an incredible 10-inch uncut cock between his legs, and he knows how to use it. Matched with his puppy-dog good looks and manly gym body, it’s all of these alpha-male attributes that led Max into the world of gay porn as an exclusive model for Lucas Entertainment. In Max’s own words: “I’ve always been sexually adventurous and comfortable in my own skin. I’ve been doing life modeling for photographers and artists for years. In that time I became more comfortable with more erotic ideas and expressing my sexual and creative side. Sex for me is an important part of my life that I enjoy sharing, so this seemed like a fun and adventurous next step. Max has been a Lucas Entertainment fan for years, and he wanted to join up with the studio he’s enjoyed watching to get off. “I was excited to have my industry debut with a company that’s content I enjoyed myself. The fact they have some of the sexiest men in gay porn and I’ll get to work with them, that’s the cherry on top.” Max had a lot of fun the first time he was on location filming with the studio, and it took the whole experience of showing off his body and sex appeal to a new level, all while working with a great cast and crew. “Everyone is uplifting and helpful. Having fun, hanging out, the great sex in these amazing locations… it is pretty wild." Max is more than just a handsome guy with a huge uncut dick, though. He's also an intellectual who researches and writes for a living, and is a proud bookworm. "If I have sexy adventures, a happy mind and body, and a good book, then I am content."
Braxton is a beautiful newcomer to the gay porn industry whose chiseled good looks are owed to his Belgium heritage. And even better, Braxton has an 10-inch uncut cock that he loves using to fuck guys, but for the right top, he’s more than happy to bend over and take it like a man. Braxton developed a curiosity by posting nudes on social media, and one of his friends suggested he show off his good looks in porn.
The young, baby-faced beauty Jackson Radiz is most happy when he's servicing cock. Jackson joined the Lucas Men when he was invited to audition by Michael Lucas, and it didn't take long for him to be cast in his first scene. This also proved to be a way for Jackson to break out of his shell. Jackson has always been turned on by voyeurism, but he was too shy to to act anything out, so he jumped off the deep end into the gay porn industry. Jackson loves having bareback sex, and he's especially into sucking a beautiful dick before turning around and feeling it pound his ass. Though Jackson enjoys bottoming a lot, he's since gotten into slamming dudes with his own beautiful piece of meat!
Lucas Entertainment’s new exclusive model, Ruslan Angelo, is of Swedish descent. It’s that Scandinavian ancestry that makes him incredibly handsome, and his muscular body and beautiful cock are mouth-watering. He looks a bit like a younger version of Wentworth Miller from “Prison Break.” Ruslan loves sports, especial skiing and hiking, and all of that is backed up by his dedication to the gym. Aside from filming gay porn, he's also a professional gymnast, acrobat, and contortionist. No wonder he can bend his beautiful body into so many different positions during gay bareback sex!
There hasn’t been a Lucas Entertainment exclusive model like Dylan James in years: his handsome face, jacked body, nine-inch cock, and warm personality all contributed to the studio signing him as quickly as possible. It wasn’t until later in Dylan’s life that he came to the realization that he’s gay, loves having sex with men, and wants to pursue a career as a model in the adult entertainment industry. Dylan’s intricately beautiful tattoos run along his neck, chest, shoulders, and arms -- the body art accents his natural good looks. Dylan is also completely versatile, enjoying topping as much as bottoming!
Tomas Brand is the King of All Muscle Daddies, as coined on the Lucas Blog in the post, "All Hail Tomas Brand, The King Of The Muscle Daddies" on 26 May 2016, and it's a title this incredible hunk of a man continues to carry today. Tomas has been an exclusive model with Lucas Entertainment for years, having filmed nearly 50 scenes for the studio. The Swedish stud Tomas Brand is a versatile top, and when seeing this guy in action we wouldn’t want him any other way. If there’s an ass in need of a pounding, Tomas is the guy to get the job done. And for the right guy, this muscle daddy will submit and give up his own ass to get fucked bareback. Having sex in gay porn is a fantasy Tomas always dreamed of fulfilling, and he’s clearly good at what he does. Tomas loves fucking on the beach and he loves submissive guys who are willing to take his cock in all ways!
It’s no understatement saying Rico Marlon is a physically perfect man. His face is exquisitely handsome, his muscular physique has spot-on proportions (look at that chest and those abs), his caramel skin is flawless, and his nine-inch uncut cock is so fat and throbbing it will give a workout to the salivary glands of gay men everywhere. Rico was born and raised in Brazil, and his hot-blooded libido craves a good, wet, deep-throated blowjob above all other sex acts. And if you’re able to please him with your mouth only (no hands allowed) then this Latin top is a happy guy. Rico loves having sex by the ocean, and he fantasizes about having an orgy on a secluded beach. Rico Marlon is especially attracted to men with dark skin and light eyes, and if there’s some hair on the chest that’s all the better. Though Rico prefers to top, he sometimes prefers fucking versatile guys in case he gets the itch to flip.
The hot-as-fuck Lucas Entertainment exclusive model Andrey Vic has filmed a prolific number of gay porn scenes with the studio, and for good reason. Andrey knows how to fuck like few other guys. On top of that, Andrey has a handsome, yet stern, face -- that is until he smiles, and it all melts away and shows truly how beautiful he is. Andrey is from Ukraine, and started filming gay porn because he was personally invited to audition by Michael Lucas. Andrey Vic is versatile, but his fat uncut cock and skill as an aggressive top puts him in high demand to pound ass. Andrey especially enjoys topping masculine guys, and his favorite place to have sex is on the beach as the sun sets.
There was a lot of excitement when Stas Landon first debuted as a Lucas Entertainment model; he’s one of the hottest models to perform in recent years. When this native of Ukraine first debuted, he was working as a banker in Moscow. But how he lives in the United States, and he’s not shy about stripping away his clothes and showing off his incredible physique when the workday is over. Stas Landon's first Lucas Entertainment film was “Nutt In The Butt” -- and it was porn legend Adam Killian who shows him the ropes! he's since filmed several scenes where he both pounds ass and also gets his butt bred.
Andre Donovan is a hot-as-hell gay porn model who is originally from Columbus, Georgia, but currently lives in New York City. Being in such close proximity to the studio is one of the reasons why Andre took an interest in filming porn, it was only one of the reasons. In Andre’s own words: “I've always thought porn was really sexy and hot. Being a part of someone's fantasy is intriguing to me. But also being naked in front of a camera for everyone to see is very empowering. There's strength in vulnerability. Andre is attracted gym rats, and the wildest place he had sex was the dressing room of a department store. As for Andre’s favorite activities between the sheets: I really love fucking guys in general. It feels great. But there is something extra hot about a sexy man going ass to mouth over and over again on my dick. It really drives me wild."
Brock Magnus is pure beefcake, and he's debuting on the Lucas Entertainment set during the studio’s July 2017 production in Spain. Brock is a 22-year-old native of the Czech Republic with a background in bodybuilding, which is apparent when you see his incredible physique. He weights in at 230 pounds of muscle. Brock’s body is matched with a handsome face and killer smile. Keep an eye out for future content from featuring Brock Magnus.
Lucas Entertainment’s exclusive Russian model Ben Batemen is the full package. His handsome face and adorable smile will make you melt. His stunningly muscular body will make you hard. And his big uncut cock will make you beg. Ben’s is not shy when it comes to pounding an ass, but if he finds a worthy top he will bend over and get fucked without mercy! Ben's favorite sexual activity is anal sex, and he especially loves fucking a random guy -- no kissing or passion. All Ben Batemen wants is raw fucking!
Hailing from California, Sean Xavier is tall, lean, and has an incredible 10 inches of black cock ready to get sucked and fuck some ass! This mocha bombshell claims to be able to self-suck his own cock -- and when seeing the thing in action, it's easy to believe. Sean was daring enough to have sex at Disney World's Boardwalk Lighthouse, and when he's fucking, he has a particular appetite for tall, white, and athletic guys.
When you're seeing Geordie Jackson you're seeing all man. He's tall, handsome, in incredible fighting shape, covered in tattoos, and has a big uncut dick between his legs. Geordie originally got into filming gay porn because he's an exhibitionist who loves showing off his body. Geordie's favorite sexual activity. He loves fucking a guy in the ass raw, and before he fucks him he expects to get a wet, sloppy blowjob so he's good and hard before shoving his dick in. And while Geordie Jackson is into all different kinds of guys, he prefers men who are smaller than him; it makes it easier to throw them around during sex!
One of the first things you’ll notice about Sergeant Miles is the animation in his face: he has an expression for every single way he takes cock, making him one of the liveliest porn stars we’ve seen in a long time. Sergeant found his way into the adult industry when a producer contacted him due to a single picture of him floating around on the Internet. It’s worth noting that Sergeant has an oral fixation he likes to put to work on camera, and he’s known for his attraction to gym rats and muscle daddies. All ages and races are welcome. Before starring in gay porn, Sergeant was in the military and it's where he developed his alpha-male persona.
Lucas Entertainment’s new exclusive model Drae Axtell is an all-in-one package: a stunning face, cut body, and one hell of a big Latin cock hanging between his legs. Drae is a beach bum in his spare time: he loves swimming in the ocean and tanning on the beach. In the bedroom Drae Axtell prefers to top: he’s not shy asking his bottoms to suck his dick before bending them over and fucking them doggy style. Drae will bottom for the right guy, though. After some friends let him know he has what it takes, Drae decided to give the porn industry a shot. With his looks and charisma, he will certainly go far in his adult career.
What is there to say about Michael Lucas? A good place to start is the beginning: Lucas Entertainment founder and president Michael Lucas was born in Moscow, Russia, on March 10, 1972. He was raised in Moscow and attended college there, graduating with a degree in law. In 1995, Michael Lucas moved to Germany, then to France, where he began modeling and appearing on several European television programs and covers of many European magazines. In 1998, Lucas opened his own production company, Lucas Entertainment, in New York City. Later that year, he made his directorial debut with the well-received Back in the Saddle. This first production sparked the Michael Lucas "renegade" vision that is indelibly New York. Additionally, basing his company in New York City, as opposed to the more traditional Los Angeles, enabled Lucas to showcase the diversity of types and ethnicities found nowhere else. MIchael Lucas started Lucas Distribution, Inc. in 2004 and LucasBlog.com in 2005. Both are pioneering ventures in the competitive realms of adult video distribution and online media, respectively. In the summer of 2005 he released GayVN's Best Picture of the year, a high-budget adult film remake of Dangerous Liaisons, featuring celebrity cameos from RuPaul, Boy George, Graham Norton, Bruce Vilanch, and Michael Musto. In 2006, filming began on his most buzzed about film ever, Michael Lucas' La Dolce Vita. The production included a big-budget fashion show, a sextra-filled club orgy scene, a headline-making fountain scene with Vivid star Savanna Samson. On November 12, 2004, Michael Lucas was proudly sworn in as an American citizen.
Texas native Dakota Payne is a young and versatile up-and-coming porn star, and he’s clear on why he’s attracted to the world of adult filmmaking: it’s his “voyeuristic tendencies” that push him to strip down and fuck on camera! Dakota loves flip-fucking and eating ass, and he doesn’t limit himself to any specific type. “Sexiness comes in all ages and races,” he says. The craziest place Dakota Payne has fucked was up against a baseball field fence, and when he’s not filming porn he’s either pursuing his own interests in filmmaking or playing video games (of which he is an enthusiast).
Shawn Reeve is a blond beefcake with rugged good looks and a pearly white smile that'll knock you on your ass. His eyes? They're the deepest blue. While Shawn is versatile in bed, he does especially love submitting his rock-hard ass to a pounding from a power top. Shawn's first scene was with Devin Franco and Dakota Payne, and has since starred in several gay bareback encounters that prove just how much he loves riding raw dick!
Moscow-based Klim Gromov is a passionate bottom who loves it when a strong dominant top takes control of him and uses his ass to a personal play thing. Klim’s fantasy fuck is Hugh Jackman, who fits perfectly into that role, and he’d love to have Hugh bang him in the ass in the doggy-style position. Klim Gromov started performing in gay porn because of his beauty and his love for attention in and out of his clothes. Klim is especially attracted to me who smart, strong, responsible, kind, and self-sufficient.
Devin Franco is known for his woodworking skills -- and no, that’s not a cheap sex joke. Devin builds custom furniture at his Albuquerque home as a profession. But he also spends a lot of time at the gym and is working toward a personal trainer certification. Devin believes in working hard, and that’s one of the reasons why he performs in the adult industry -- he’s not going to waste any of his assets, and that includes his boyish good looks and beautiful good looks. More specifically, Devin enjoys an audience when he’s with men: “I like to show off… I am a bit of an exhibitionist. I also love getting fucked and pleasing hot muscular guys.” That’s all good to hear, because we’ll have the camera rolling when exactly that kind of action is going down!
Bogdan Gromov knew he wanted to perform in Lucas Entertainment films after watching the studio’s content on the website. Bogdan is versatile in bed and his favorite sex acts are kissing and rimming, and it’s especially fun when it’s taking place at a pool (Bogdan loves having sex in water). Bogdan has a thing for tall and athletic men, and he’s curious about putting himself at the center of a gang bang.
Alejandro Castillo new exclusive model is a hung Latin top with a limitless sex drive, making it difficult for most of our models to keep up with him. Alejandro's most prominent attribute (aside from his handsome face and awesome body) is his big, fat, nine-inch uncut cock. And he loves using it to pound the asses of needy bottoms from around the globe. But they sure do have fun trying! Alejandro's first Lucas Entertainment scene debuts on 26 August 2016, and he's in a group sex encounter with some of our hottest models: Dylan James, Stas Landon, Drae Axtell, Koda Gold, Andrey Vic, and Asher Devin!
James Castle wanted to escape the drudgery of working in finance, so he decided to embrace a few years of hedonistic pleasure including lots of travel around the world. James now teaches English as a day job and performs in gay adult entertainment, and Lucas Entertainment is grateful to have him because this guy is fucking gorgeous! When it comes to sex James considers himself vanilla: “Nothing quite beats the effortless, passionate, masculine, and sweat romp with someone you love.” James is versatile in bed, but the older he becomes the more he enjoys being on top. And with that in mind, James makes his favorite way to have sex clear: “There's definitely something about holding a guy face-to-face as you lift him up onto the kitchen counter, spread his legs, pull him just close enough to the edge that you can slide yourself inside him all the while never breaking that ‘I need to be inside you’ eye contact.” This is why the adult industry is thankful having James Castle a part of it!
With his dark features, muscled body and chiseled face Adam Killian is a sex god to be worshipped. This versatile tattooed stud loves to show off in front of the camera and when he fucks he always changes into as many positions as his partner can take! Hailing from the California coast Adam Killian loves to fuck in water. The wildest place he has ever had sex was: in the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Mykonos, Adam claims. Our bodies were under water but there were people everywhere around us. His favorite part of sex is feeling like and animal during the act. With his thick cut dick and full meaty ass Adam Killian's favorite place to have sex is in front of mirrors so he can watch every last thrust.
When it comes to sex, Logan Rogue loves it all: blowjobs, rimming, and fucking! This Swedish stud is a cook, and exhibitionist, and a gym enthusiast who takes pride in maintaining handsome, athletic look. Logan has been all over the place and has fucked in the different spots to mark his territory, and when it comes to sex he’s most interested in chemistry above all else!
Meet Javi Velaro, one of Lucas Entertainment sexiest new exclusive models to date. Javi's bad-boy face is complimented by his huge cock -- and I mean HUGE. You'll see him using it in the upcoming "Lucas Men 2.0"! And for the record, I couldn’t imagine dining in a restaurant and having Javi Velaro waiting on my table (he is, in fact, a waiter), because it would be him I’d want off the menu. This guy is fucking sexy, through and through, and one of infinite reasons why all gay men should plan a vacation to Spain. Javi is an unapologetic top (a beautiful thing) that loves getting his dick sucked while he rims his bottom… all before bending him over doggy and fucking to the hilt!
What a catch Vito Gallo is as Lucas Entertainment’s newest exclusive: he’s handsome, tall, muscular, and is endowed with one of the biggest cocks we’ve seen. Vito’s only limitation in bed is safety, but aside from that he’s up for anything if it will equal a good romp. This hunk usually tops, and with a dick like his, it shouldn’t be any other way. And as Lucas Entertainment’s next big pornstar in the making, Vito is certainly someone to keep a close eye on!
Tennis, kayaking, hanging out on the beach -- these are some of Leo Alexander’s favorite hobbies when he’s not filming porn. But when he is filming porn, it’s all about fucking bareback. Leo made the point clear to us from the beginning that he’s versatile: he loves feeling a raw cock buried in his ass just as much as he enjoys sodomizing a bottom with all 12 (yes, I said 12) inches of his own cock! And on that note, when I create these model pages I have a drop-down menu where I select a given model’s penis size, but it’s currently programed up to only 11 inches -- since Leo broke that scale, we will have to do some re-programming. Leo is also a proud member of the Mile High Club, as the wildest place he had sex was in an airplane bathroom. He didn’t elaborate on what exactly happened in those oh-so cramped quarters, but it’s fun to imagine he was fucking the dude he was with. Imagine trying to stifle those gasps as the dude felt all of the penetration from Leo’s soon-to-be-legendary meat!
Meet Michael Lachlan, a handsome new Aussie performer joining Lucas Entertainment’s roster of models. Lachlan has the look of a chiseled athlete at the top of his game, but luckily for us he’s instead using his looks and body to model for the studio as an aspiring porn star and showing off his skills at gay bareback sex! Anything else would be a waste, because Lachlan is packing a big, thick nine-inch uncut cock in his pants that was made for fucking in gay adult movies. Lachlan flew all the way in from Melbourne, Australia, to New York City for his first sex scene -- a venture he found both nerve-wracking and exciting all at the same time. In his own words: “Flying across the globe to shoot your first-ever adult scene can be quite a frightening and intimidating thought, but Michael [Lucas] and his team made it a great experience!”
Lucas Entertainment’s new exclusive model Marq Daniels is a hard worker --- he works two day jobs as a construction worker and waiter, and he’s also pursuing a career in adult modeling. And as you’ll see in his debut with James Castle in Bareback Auditions 05, his work in adult modeling is off to a very hot start. Marq has a beautifully sculpted body, handsomely boyish face, and an eight inches between his legs that give new meaning to thick uncut cock. Marq made the move to perform in gay adult entertainment because he loves sex and he loves being in front of the camera. Marq is a self-identified total top, and he has one demand of guys who bottom for him: they have to be able to take what he can give. His favorite sexual activities are getting sucked and fucking ass bareback, and in his own words, “I can do it HARD.” Submissive bottoms of the world get ready and line up, because Marq Daniels is here.
Tall, dark, and broodingly seductive: are any other words needed to describe Valentino Medici? Valentino appears for the first time on Lucas Entertainment and Sex in Suits in the tenth installment of the Gentlemen series: Elite Class! He shows off his good looks and hot cock alongside the veteran stud muffin, Adam Killian!
Ibrahim Moreno, a new exclusive model with Lucas Entertainment, found appeal in the adult industry for a reason common among his fellow performers: he loves sex, and more importantly, he loves being watches when he’s making the magic happen. Ibrahim is a big fan of having bareback sex, and when he’s fucking the missionary position is a classic favorite of his. When Ibrahim isn’t filming porn he works in Italian clothing store, trains his body, and enjoys happy hour with his friends. Ibrahim Moreno had a fun answer when asked where the wildest place was he ever had sex was: “I had sex on the street behind a car parked [outside] my previous work.” In a calmer setting, Ibrahim gets off by messing around with men on his sofa instead of in the bedroom.
Despite his reputation as a top, the porn star sensation from Argentina known as D.O. decided that there is no place better for him to give up his anal virginity in gay porn than at Lucas Entertainment! His debut bottoming scene was with Hot Rod, who couldn’t offer him a bigger cock to take. D.O. first began his career in modeling, but he realized that his other assets were going to waste. D.O.’s favorite part of sex is a good deep rimming and he has a strong affection for black guys. D.O. likes black guys so much he fantasies about getting caught in a threesome with two of the hottest mocha dudes out there. He already had one, so who is the next volunteer?
Edji Da Silva is the very definition of dark and brooding good looks. His dark eyes and eyes only compliment his handsome face, and his lean and toned body is a gift to the gay porn industry. Edji is a strict top man: when he’s fucking, he’s in total control! But this Paris resident has a soft side, and his favorite sexual activity is passionate kissing. Edji loves to fuck, plain and simple, and the wildest place he’s gotten it on is in a police station!
Zander Craze is an Italian sex fiend: he is a guy who embraces true versatility, opening his sex life to the max. Zander started performing in the gay porn industry after meeting Matthias von Fistenberg. Zander like guys with huge cocks, big muscles, and bulging calves, and if a guy like this shoots a load in Zander’s mouth, he will happily swallow it all. Zander Craze made his first appearance on Lucas Entertainment in a Gentlemen scene with alongside Raul Korso, Max Toro, and Craig Daniel. His first scene was on Friday, February 05, and he was featured in the film “Gentlemen 14: Raw Professionals.”
Justin Cruise is one of the hottest Russian imports since Michael Lucas himself! Justin has a sexy, come-hither face that begs everyone and anyone to fucking long and rough. Originally born in Hungary, Justin grew up in Russia where he honed his youthful good looks. Justin was inspired to enter the gay porn industry after seeing some of Michael’s own films, and now he’s the studio’s latest exclusive. There’s one fantasy that Justin can’t let go of: he wants to take center stage during a 10-hour, nonstop gangbang. Now that would make one hell of a movie!
Jake Andrews is a handsome guy who knows how much he loves having sex, and if it's bareback fucking, he's totally on board! Jake is flexible when he's in the sack -- both in terms of what he likes to do along with his ability to use his body for his partner's pleasure -- and that includes topping and bottoming. Jake's favorite part about sex is the feeling of first feeling a raw cock slide into his ass, and his fantasy is a raw bang-bang where he's the center of attention!
Lucas Entertainment new exclusive star Josh Rider hails from England, where he was born and raised. Josh has always been a performer with an edge: “[I’ve always] liked showing off my body; I've never been shy with my body.” With that said, making a move to perform in the adult industry was a natural next step: “I have always loved the camera, and it's something I've always wanted to get into.” Josh is a fitness instructor by trade, and when you look at his killer physique that’s apparent. Muscles, hairy chests, and tall men turn josh on… as does gagging on a big cock and swallowing a warm load straight from the tap. When asked what his favorite position in bed is, Josh Rider had a funny response: I love good, old-fashioned missionary; does that make me boring?” Not at all, Josh -- it’s not what the position is, but how you work it. And we know you’re going to work the hell out of it!
Damon Heart has been interested in the gay porn industry ever since he was a teenager, but it's taken a few years for him to decide to make the leap from admirer to participant. Damon manages a night club, so his move into gay porn is a smooth one. He's versatile in bed, too: with big guys he likes getting fucked, but if he's with guys his size or smaller he's up for throwing them around. When we asked him his dream fuck he said: "I don't do fantasy. I do real."
Lucas Entertainment exclusive Jonathan Agassi is an Israeli scene stealer in some of Lucas' hottest gay porn epics. Carving a niche for himself as a furry versatile sex bomb, Jonathan Agassi has revitalized the industry as one of the most popular Lucas exclusives in years! Jonathan Agassi was born into an artisan family, his mother a painter and is father a DJ in Berlin. He was raised in Tel Aviv since the age of six months. Growing up Jonathan loved the beach and traveled almost every weekend to the exotic and remarkable parts of Israel. But our naughty stud was always the bad ass even at a young age. Jonathan's mother frequented the hospital with him many times to cure a broken arm, leg or whatever the body part it was that time, because of if his fighting with other boys. Jonathan took to his education and studied a wide variety of topics in school for six years. He considers himself to be a Jewish atheist and loves the affection and audacity, which Israeli's own to themselves. Tel Aviv is the center of my life and has been for my whole life, says Jonathan, I believe that is one of the reasons that I am so open with my sexuality and with myself in general. With a lustful and carved body like his, it's a surprise that Jonathan's favorite food is pizza! He also loves to read; his most influential book is The Secret. Israeli's own Offer Nissim is his DJ of choice and Jonathan loves to relax and engage himself in the seductive sense of the sound. His other hobbies of desire include: clothes, shows, sexy underwear, gym, and of course sex. What turns Jonathan on the most? Honesty. Pure and simple. I must say that my biggest dream is to be known all over the world for what I do best. says Jonathan. And as you will soon see, this talent Jonathan Agassi speaks of is certainly fucking!
Avi Dar was born in Kibbutz Karmei Yosef, an agricultural sub-society near Tel Aviv. Most of his childhood was spent on the quiet countryside where he worked harvesting fruits and vegetables with his family. "I love to do porn," Avi stated, "it makes me feel very comfortable with myself and I feel very sexy and attractive." But how would Avi be affected by his new found fame? Shortly after completing Men of Israel, Avi said, "I am sure I will stay down to earth like I am now." He may be aiming for down to earth, but it's clear that Avi is something from out of this world! It's no wonder he's become one of Lucas Entertainment's most popular stars. Just check out his latest scenes!
Check out Matan Shalev! Matan Shalev has quickly become one of Lucas Entertainment's most in-demand exclusive models. Whether he's burning up to screen with Avi Dar in Israeli Auditions, making love to Naor Tal on a picturesque seashore, or getting banged up by Rafael Alencar, Matan Shalev never manages to disappoint. Purely versatile, Matan Shalev is the hottest thing to come out of Israel since falafel! Born in the the Israeli community of kibbutz Lotan, Matan was raised by a rural farmer and his milkmaid mother. As a teenager, Matan went to work on the farm and often practiced karate. When Matan turned at 18, he joined the Israeli miltary. For the first of his three years of service, he excelled significantly in running, obstacle courses, and combat with rifles. He had a one year posting working in a jail with the riot police division. It was a prison for the most dangerous terrorists, including suicide bombers who were caught before they caused damage. Matan's responsibility was to control the inmates when they rebelled and rioted. He also worked as a prison guard and was charged with keeping the most dangerous inmates at bay during military prison riots. In his short life, Matan Shalev has attempted and been quite successful at personal training, underwear modeling, landscaping, jazz and modern dance, culinary arts, choreography and nutritional consulting. Matan enjoys going to the gym, hanging out with friends, and going out to eatâ€“especially Italian. Sex is a great passion for him and loves to fuck and get fucked. He has a well developed sensual side and loves to explore ityou'll see.
Naor was born in the metropolitan hub of Israel, Tel Aviv. His father is a postal manager and Noar is the sole brother to seven sisters. For six years in school he studied business and marketing. At 18 Naor enlisted in the army. There he was trained and served as a parachute until he was 21. Post army, Naor refined his cooking skills in school and cultivated a career as a chef, specifically specializing in seafood. Besides a good ass pounding, Naor loves going to the beach, listening to electro and pop music, and working out at the gym.
It’s a mansion of hedonism in the first installment of the bareback group action of “All-Star Orgy” -- wander the halls of and look room to room to find Manuel Skye fucking the young and beautiful Allen King deep in his ass while Colton Gray makes a bareback return to slam Dakota Payne from behind. And when he’s ready for a new experience, Dakota moves into another room where he flip-fucks with Max Arion, Jeffrey Lloyd, and Hunter Smith!
Could there possibly be a hotter four-way barebacking encounter than between Max Arion, Allen King, Rico Marlon, and Max Avila? Both Max Arion And Rico are no-bullshit alpha tops, and only bottoms who can take massive dick long and hard need apply. That's why Allen King and Max Avila are two awesome matches for them, because when Max and Rico unleash their huge uncut cocks on them, there's no backing down from the challenge!
Alpha-tops Andrey Vic and Andre Donovan meet up to hang out naked with Riley Mitchel and Drew Dixon. It's a good thing Andrey and Andre have a lot of stamina in the bedroom, because both Drew and Riley want to feel their asses split in half, and they take turns enjoying double penetration from their tops!
The high-level executive from South America, Rafael Alencar, is powerful in the business world, and he uses that power over all of the beautiful young men who are working long and hard to make their way in the world. While conducting business in the United States, he has a late-night meeting at his Manhattan apartment with three beautiful young men trying to build a career in his white-collar empire. Drew Dixon, Jake Morgan, and Max Adonis all have heard the stories of Rafael, and they’re fully prepared to strip off their clothes and take their sexuality to the extreme, including rough and raw double-penetration!
The empty house in Spain isn’t so empty all the time, it turns out. It hosts an occasional bareback orgy of some of the hottest gay men in the world. Taking it up the ass raw is Drake Rogers, Andy Star, Jackson Radiz, James Castle, and Ken Summers. And the men fucking them without mercy: Max Arion, Victor D’Angelo, Manuel Skye, Michael Lucas, Andrey Vic, and Viktor Rom!
The Lucas Men shoot their loads in the second part of the studio’s gay bareback group action! Lucas Entertainment brings you one of its hottest and sweatiest gay bareback orgies to date! Starring amongst the guys sucking and fucking in this seven-man group fuck-fest are Alexander Volkov, Riley Mitchel, Rafael Carreras, Manuel Skye, Andre Donovan, Edji Da Silva, and Andrey Vic!
The mansion of hedonism reaches its height when all of the sexual activity culminates into a 10-man orgy worthy of Caligula himself. Join JJ Knight, Mas Arion, Colton Grey, Manuel Skye, Ruslan Angelo, Hunter Smith, Jeffrey Lloyd, Dakota Payne, Allen King, and Michael Lucas in this unforgettable bareback group encounter!
Stas Landon makes his return after some time away from the camera, and he teams up with his buddy Andrey Vic to do what they do best. They find two hungry bottoms that are able and willing to bend over and get bred from behind: Ian Greene and Sergio. Both Ian and Sergio are jocks to the outside world, but behind bedroom doors, they become submissive and excited to give into the needs of a top. These guys were born to serve, and they lay next to each other as Andrey and Stas use them until they’re ready to shoot their loads.
As time moves forward, Rico Marlon’s lust for other men combines with his desire to see his lover, Allen King, used like a piece of meat. Allen is unsure at first, but when Rico flippantly invites his fuck pals Edji Da Silva and Arad Winwin over to work out in the sun room, Allen’s meek attitude fades away and he turns into a total suck-and-fuck pig. Rico lets Edji and Arad have all the fun they want with Allen King, treating him like a little slut the entire time!
Drake Rogers and Dakota Payne are two stepbrothers who have always had a crush on their young stepdad Tyler Roberts. They’ve fantasized about him fucking them together, and decided to take the risk and play with him while he’s resting his eyes. Tyler is more than receptive, and since family friend Jeffrey Lloyd is staying with them, he decides to give in to the temptation and join the fun too. Dakota and Drake take turns riding Tyler and Jeffrey’s huge hard cocks.
Drake Rogers has the house all to himself, and as soon as everyone is gone he invites his friends Louis Ricaute, Andrea Suarez, and Apolo Fire over to hang out and fuck around. It doesn’t take long before the guys become a bundle of twisted limbs as they suck and fuck, and in a surprise topping encounter, Drake Rogers (who is usually taking dick) lubes his cock up after getting turned on hardcore seeing Andrea ride Louis’ cock. Drake slips his hard-on inside Andrea too for some fucked-wide-open double penetration, all while Andrea is blowing Apolo!
Lucas Entertainment brings you one of its hottest and sweatiest gay bareback orgies to date! Starring amongst the guys sucking and fucking in this seven-man group fuck-fest are Alexander Volkov, Riley Mitchel, Rafael Carreras, Manuel Skye, Andre Donovan, Edji Da Silva, and Andrey Vic!
Oct 17, 2019 at 9:00 AM
Oct 10, 2019 at 5:00 PM
Fill out now to receive newsletters, promo sales, and lots more from the Lucas Men!