Reminder to all Ldotters. Please follow posting guidelines. Only approved news sources are permitted. We do not accept blogs unless permission is granted. Blog postings will be automatically deleted.
Lucianne.com Ad-Free SubscriptionLearn More or Enter Code
Latest Posts
Impeachment Will Fail replies
Posted by Pluperfect — 10/23/2019 4:25:50 AM
Two elements of the turbulent current American political scene became clearer over the past week. One is the determination, attested to by almost all Washington insiders whatever side they are on, of the Democratic leadership to force an impeachment trial of the president. Also developing, as a further bleat from the vanishing NeverTrumpers, is the theory that large chunks of Republican loyalty in Congress are starting to peel off and desert the president. Since all polls show Republican opinion in the country is rock solid behind the president and by any normal criteria—the economy, declining illegal immigration, and his delivery on election promises—he will be reelected easily.
Posted by Pluperfect — 10/23/2019 4:21:30 AM
Democratic Party leaders have reportedly been struck by anxiety as the 2020 election approaches — and some fear they have no viable candidate to back. Leaders and activists in the party are wary that all their top contenders have major weaknesses and are urging other possible candidates to get in the race, The Washington Post and The New York Times reported Tuesday. “You can imagine much stronger candidates,” Democratic National Committee member Elaine Kamarck told The Washington Post. Kamarck would back Sen. Sherrod Brown or retired Navy Adm. William H. McRaven if either could be convinced to throw their hat in the ring, according to the report.
Posted by Pluperfect — 10/23/2019 4:15:05 AM
The Chinese government is reportedly drawing up a plan to replace Hong Kong Chief Executive Carrie Lam, whose leadership sparked the protests ravaging the global financial hub. Sources “briefed on the deliberations” said Lam’s successor would be installed by March and serve the rest of her term until 2022, if Chinese President Xi Jinping decided to move forward with the plan. Lam was appointed for office in 2014 despite the fact her rival for the job, John Tsang, was far more popular with the general public, according to the Financial Times. The Financial Times reports that China wants the situation to stabilize before making a decision
Posted by Pluperfect — 10/23/2019 4:06:37 AM
A local CBS reporter in California was apparently fired after he — during a live news segment — climbed atop classic, privately-owned cars, even seemingly damaging one of them in the process. Angel Cardenas, a correspondent with KMAX-TV's "Good Morning Sacramento," was on air Sunday at the Sacramento International Auto Show, a weekend-long event at Cal Expo that was about to begin its final day. Someone who caught the segment on air, Adam Copeland, posted a clip of it to Facebook, as he has "never seen such a disregard to someone else's vehicle." Cardenas playfully tells viewers "the only person out here is a media coordinator,
'I didn't mean it, but HE did!': Joe
Biden apologizes after footage of him
blasting the 1998 Clinton impeachment
probe as a 'partisan lynching' is
unearthed - after he attacked the president* replies
Biden apologizes after footage of him
blasting the 1998 Clinton impeachment
probe as a 'partisan lynching' is
unearthed - after he attacked the president* replies
Posted by Imright — 10/23/2019 3:46:21 AM
Joe Biden has apologized for using the word 'lynching' when describing the impeachment of President Bill Clinton in 1998. His apology comes after the former Vice President lambasted President Donald Trump for also using the exact same word as he described his current impeachment process 'This wasn't the right word to use and I'm sorry about that,' Biden wrote in a tweet late on Tuesday night. Biden used the word during a 1998 CNN interview as he defended then President Clinton on-air. But the former VP went on to imply that unlike him,
Posted by Imright — 10/23/2019 3:27:20 AM
We should all realize that the Democrats are floundering badly, like fish out of water, because their activists, their defenders in league with the corrupt media, are the grossly dishonest and deluded Hillary Clinton; Adam Schiff; and now the poor, pathetic Mitt Romney. Pelosi is right there with Schiff; she's the wind beneath his little flapping wings. Hillary has, for all to see, gone completely bonkers. Since she lost the election, she has blamed too many people and groups and mindsets to list. This past week, she escalated her paranoia by claiming that Tulsi Gabbard and Jill Stein are both "Russian assets."
Posted by DVC — 10/23/2019 12:08:39 AM
If journalism isn't dead, it must certainly be on life support when it can be knocked so easily on its collective butt by an 84-year-old Stolen Valor fraud, who flimflammed even Fox News with her tales of wartime heroics, faux medals, and a handful of push-ups. Margaret DeSanti, a self-proclaimed retired lieutenant colonel (sometimes captain) Army nurse, is a known phony Vietnam vet who was first exposed as such five years ago by TAH (This Ain't Hell), one of the military blogs that long ago took on the mission of guarding the veterans' community from those who falsely claim honorable service.
Posted by DVC — 10/22/2019 11:54:08 PM
News flash for all Deep State conspirators: we have a lawfully elected President who is at the top of the Executive Branch of US Government. As such, President Trump represents one third of our constitutionally empowered leadership and is “the US Government.” That reality has proven to be an issue for a lot of Deep State players inside the US Government, who from day one of his election or even earlier could not accept the will of their fellow citizens. Sadly, rather than focusing on changing administrations in our four-year cycle of peaceful revolution at the ballot box, many have engaged in violating the law through a conspiracy
Posted by DVC — 10/22/2019 11:33:41 PM
U.S. Attorney John Durham's investigation into the origins of the FBI's 2016 Russia probe has expanded based on new evidence uncovered during a recent trip to Rome with Attorney General Bill Barr, sources told Fox News on Tuesday. The sources said Durham was "very interested" to question former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper and former CIA Director John Brennan, an anti-Trump critic who recently dismissed the idea. The two Obama administration officials were at the helm when the unverified and largely discredited Steele dossier, written by British ex-spy Christopher Steele and funded by the Hillary Clinton campaign and Democratic National Committee, was used to justify
Kamille 'Cupcake' McKinney's body is found in
a dumpster after she was abducted from an
Alabama park 10 days ago and a man and
woman will be charged with her murder replies
a dumpster after she was abducted from an
Alabama park 10 days ago and a man and
woman will be charged with her murder replies
Posted by ladydawgfan — 10/22/2019 11:10:28 PM
Two suspects have been charged with murder after the body of three-year-old Kamille 'Cupcake' McKinney was found in a landfill over a week after she went missing, Alabama police say. Birmingham Police Chief Patrick Smith announced at a news conference Tuesday night that Kamille's remains were discovered in a trash bin taken to a landfill in Birmingham. Smith said police are obtaining murder warrants against two people previously identified as persons of interest in the case, 39-year-old Patrick Devone Stallworth and his 29-year-old girlfriend, Derick Irisha Brown. Lawyers for both suspects have said they're innocent.
Posted by Imright — 10/22/2019 10:56:27 PM
Most Republican senators refused to rule out voting to remove President Donald Trump from office in an impeachment trial over the Ukraine scandal when contacted by the Daily Caller this week.The Caller contacted all 53 Republican Senate offices Monday and Tuesday to ask if senators would rule out voting to remove Trump from office, and received a variety of responses–seven senators explicitly rejected impeachment in their statement.Sen. Cindy Hyde-Smith’s office responded simply, saying, “Senator Hyde-Smith does not support impeachment.”
Deja vu! Joe Biden is called out after he slams
Trump for calling the impeachment inquiry 'a
lynching' as it emerges he said the same thing* replies
Trump for calling the impeachment inquiry 'a
lynching' as it emerges he said the same thing* replies
Posted by ladydawgfan — 10/22/2019 10:55:38 PM
Joe Biden has come under fire his double standard after he lambasted Donald Trump as 'despicable' for comparing the impeachment inquiry to 'a lynching', when he made the same comparison himself in a resurfaced 1998 interview in defense of Bill Clinton. On Tuesday Trump took to Twitter to call slam the inquiry into his presidency as 'a lynching'. 'So some day, if a Democrat becomes President and the Republicans win the House, even by a tiny margin, they can impeach the President, without due process or fairness or any legal rights. All Republicans must remember what they are witnessing here - a lynching. But we will WIN!' he tweeted.
Posted by Imright — 10/22/2019 10:50:06 PM
On Monday, Judicial Watch released new emails involving former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and the Benghazi controversy that had been covered up for years and that would have exposed Clinton's private email account if they had been released to Judicial Watch in a FOIA request win 2014. One long withheld email, which provides talking points for a call with senators and therefore fits the criteria of records concerning "talking points or updates on the Benghazi attack," should have been disclosed in 2014, but it was hidden from Judicial Watch for years."This email is a twofer
Posted by Harlowe — 10/22/2019 10:45:48 PM
RUSH: Hey, before we get going on all the usual rigmarole going on here today, can you believe this? So, Trump says that what he’s facing is a modern-day lynching. It’s what Clarence Thomas said.(Snip)You can’t even muster yourself to criticize this total sham that Adam Schiff is running? Adam Schiff is now not even letting Republicans read the transcripts of his sham hearings that he’s conducting in private, in the basement. Adam Schiff is the biggest scam artist to come down the pike in this Congress. This guy is making up what witnesses say. If they don’t say what he wants, he leaks sentences of theirs out of context,
Posted by Imright — 10/22/2019 10:39:27 PM
TUALATIN, Ore.— Authorities say Henry Thomas, the actor who starred as a child in E.T. the Extra Terrestrial, has been arrested for driving under the influence in Oregon.The 48-year-old Thomas was booked into the Washington County Jail and faces the misdemeanor charge after police said they found him Monday in a stationary car.Thomas played Elliott, the young boy who befriends an alien in the classic 1982 movie. He has also appeared in Gangs of New York and Legends of the Fall.An email to his representatives wasn’t immediately returned Tuesday.KGW reports the Tualatin Police Department said they received a call about a car
Posted by Imright — 10/22/2019 10:28:12 PM
Four executives at an Illinois manufacturing plant have been charged with knowingly hiring illegal aliens, the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agency reveals. According to ICE officials, four executives at the sheet metal KSO MetalFab Inc. manufacturing plant in Streamwood, Illinois — a suburb of Chicago — have been charged with one count each of knowingly harboring illegal aliens and one count each of knowingly hiring illegal aliens.The four executives include 81-year-old Dora Kuzelka, 62-year-old Kenneth Kuzelka, 56-year-old Kari Kuzelka, and 58-year-old Keith Kuzelka. ICE officials allege that the Kuzelkas knowingly hired at least 18 illegal aliens.
Posted by Imright — 10/22/2019 10:24:22 PM
The White House on Tuesday pushed back on criticism from Democrats and the establishment media for using the word “lynching” to describe the Democrat-led impeachment investigation.“The president’s not comparing what’s happened to him with one of our darkest moments in American history, he’s just not,” Deputy Press Secretary Hogan Gidley told reporters at the White House on Tuesday. “What he’s explaining clearly is the way he’s been treated by the media since he announced his run for president.”Trump on Tuesday morning criticized the impeachment process on Twitter.
Posted by Imright — 10/22/2019 10:19:03 PM
Has anybody ever called you a bad word? Did it hurt your feelings? Do you wish there were a law against using bad words that hurt people's feelings? Then here's some good news from the liberal paradise of Massachusetts. Alex Griswold, Washington Free Beacon: A Massachusetts Democrat is pushing a bill that would make it a crime to maliciously call someone a "bitch" within the commonwealth. Foul-mouthed individuals who are found guilty under a bill introduced by Democratic representative Daniel J. Hunt would face a $150 maximum fine for the first offense, while repeat offenders would face up to six months' imprisonment,
Posted by Imright — 10/22/2019 10:15:04 PM
From a politician who tweets like a Frenchman to a presidential candidate who acts like one, Pete Buttigieg is Mitt Romney with dermabrasion and a Just For Men® (indeed!) dye job. Mayor of America’s 306th largest city, Buttigieg brings the hauteur of Harvard to the heartland. He brings his passive-aggressive style to South Bend and French Lick, misrepresenting the goodness of Indiana by attacking the state of mind of his fellow Hoosier, Vice President Mike Pence. He brings this attitude to the campaign trail, where he looks like a fired contestant from “The Apprentice” and sounds like a book on tape. He sounds like what he is:
Posted by ladydawgfan — 10/22/2019 10:12:48 PM
A newly painted mural of 16-year-old Swedish climate activist Greta Thunberg was vandalized in Canada with a pro-oil message, and later with French slurs. Thunberg on Friday lead a climate strike outside the Alberta legislature in the province’s capital city of Edmonton. The Province newspaper reported about 8,000 were in attendance. Local artist AJA Louden told the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation that he painted the mural on a free expression graffiti wall across the city at the same Thunberg spoke. While the CBC was filming footage of the mural Friday, James Bagnell sprayed “Stop the Lies. This is Oil Country!!!” over the image of the teenager’s face.
Posted by ladydawgfan — 10/22/2019 10:07:28 PM
Motorists in socialist Venezuela have long enjoyed the world’s cheapest gasoline, with fuel so heavily subsidized that a full tank these days costs a tiny fraction of a US penny. But the economy is in such shambles that drivers are now paying for fill-ups with a little food, a candy bar or just a cigarette. Bartering at the pump has taken off as hyperinflation makes Venezuela’s paper currency, the bolivar, hard to find and renders some denominations all but worthless, so that nobody will accept them. Without cash in their wallets, drivers often hand gas station attendants a bag of rice, cooking oil or whatever is within reach.
Posted by Imright — 10/22/2019 10:04:18 PM
If you’re not convinced that the Democrat Party desperately wants to ensure that President Donald Trump doesn’t secure a second term in the White House, you have not been paying attention to their sham impeachment efforts.They are so desperate, according to New York Times Frank Bruni, that donors in the party are beginning to panic over their current options to take on the president. “So they’re looking at their candidates — at their front-runners, in particular — with a very withering microscope,” Bruni said Tuesday on CNN’s New Day. “Because the question is who is super-potent enough, rock-solid enough to guarantee us that we’ll get rid of Donald Trump.”
Minneapolis man charged with attempted
murder, assault after running over
4 people outside nightclub replies
murder, assault after running over
4 people outside nightclub replies
Posted by voxpopuli — 10/22/2019 10:01:28 PM
A man is charged with assault and attempted murder after he allegedly ran over multiple people outside a nightclub in Minneapolis last week. Eduardo Morales, 23, is charged with one count of second-degree murder and three counts of second-degree assault, according to court records. (snip) After the fight was broken up, witnesses told police Morales told his friend, "Give me your keys," got into a white Mercedes and drove away from the fight, the complaint states. According to the complaint, the suspect then suddenly reversed the vehicle, running over four people.
Posted by Imright — 10/22/2019 10:00:04 PM
Republican South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham questioned the press while defending President Trump’s use of the word “lynching” to describe the impeachment inquiry.Trump faced backlash for comparing his impeachment to “a lynching” on Twitter. Graham was one of the only prominent Republicans to defend the president, saying, “This is a lynching in every sense. This is un-American.”He also criticized the media’s handling of Trump’s comments and the impeachment inquiry as a whole.“I'm going to let the whole world know that if we were doing this to a Democratic president, you would be all over me right now,” Graham said Tuesday.