The Original All-in-One Conversion Optimization Suite.
Used on over 100,000 sites. Still just $10 a month.
Dashboard
Analysis without the paralysis.
See exactly how many people are on your site right now and how they found you.
Quickly compare historical statistics and see what keywords, locations, referrers, tweets, languages, etc. are driving traffic and behaviors on your site, all filterable by behavior tags.
Recordings
Your website. Now with DVR.
Lucky Orange will automatically create a recording of every visitor to your website. Quickly filter and segment recordings so you can see exactly why visitors are not converting.
Out-of-the-box, Lucky Orange successfully records dynamic and member's only pages, including even the most advanced sites and single page apps.
Dynamic Heatmaps
All of your visitors' actions
in one clear picture.
Lucky Orange delivers beautiful heatmaps that show you how people read and interact with your site.
You can segment heatmap data by location, browser, dates, mobile users, and more.
Chat
Talk your customers through the checkout process.
Lucky Orange Chat integrates with your existing website and works seamlessly across multiple devices.
Chat comes loaded with powerful features including multiple operators, canned responses, and auto invites.
Conversion Funnels
Easily identify drop-off in your conversion process.
Conversion Funnels let you quickly see where people abandon a process on your website such as checking out or creating an account.
Clicking on a funnel step will instantly filter your recordings to those visitors that abandoned the funnel at that particular step.
The Conversion Funnel Widget displays the conversion funnels you've created using Behavior Tags. In the example, the selected conversion funnel is titled "Customer Checkout". The funnel's steps are as follows:
- Custom Order - 100 Users (30% left at this step)
- Shopping Cart - 70 Users (46% left at this step)
- Delivery Options - 38 Users (39% left at this step)
- Checkout Confirmation - 23 Users (80% left at this step)
- Thank You - 5 Users
After following each step in the funnel, the conversion rate (from start to finish) is 5% (5 out of 100 users).
Form Analytics
Do your forms mean business?
Five distinct and highly valuable reports that give you insight into problem areas on your website's forms.
Discover which fields on your forms are causing the most friction and abandonment.
Polls
Customer feedback. Now.
Stop playing the guessing game as to what your customers are looking for and ask them directly.
Polls are fully customizable, can have multiple questions, redirect to URLs, and can be triggered at just the right moment.
There are two example polls displayed.
The frontmost poll asks, "Would you like to be contacted for a free estimate?" Below the question is a text field for an email address to be entered.
The second poll asks, "Is there anything preventing you from signing up today?" This poll offers two selectable options: "No" and "Yes." Below the choices is a text area, allowing the visitor to add further comments or feedback.