All Lunarpages customers will receive all the benefits of being part of the HostPapa family, including enhanced customer support, upgraded state‑of‑the‑art hosting infrastructure and more.
If you're an existing Lunarpages customer, learn more about HostPapa with our FAQ. If you're not a customer yet, check out the smart solutions we offer to power your small business.
Launch and grow your online presence with best‑of‑breed solutions for web hosting, email, and more.
Access your account information, billing statements and web hosting.
Launch your online identity with a custom domain name. Find the right domain name for your business in 60 seconds.
Our web hosting provides you with a free domain name, and easy-to-use tools, as well as fast and reliable storage and apps.
We offer a number of enterprise-grade hosted email plans for your small business. Pick the one that's right for you.
Your domain name creates the starting point to your own address on the Internet. Choose from classic domain endings, such as .com and .net, or explore new domain endings, like .club and .guru. Use your imagination to choose a domain name that represents your brand and helps you stand out on the web!
Email has long been considered an essential element of any successful business. However, choosing the right email solution for your business can be daunting.
HostPapa can help! We have a variety of affordable email solutions for small business owners just like you.
Whether it's walking you through our website builder, helping you configure your website security, or finding the right email solution for your business, our PapaSquad experts are here to help. Please don't hesitate to contact us with your questions!
Your website will continue to display and function normally on the internet, this includes any supporting services you might have, such as SSL certificates or email. You might even notice improvements in your website's performance and response times.
All the files and content used directly by your website will remain accessible and you will experience no disruption to your website.
In most cases, nothing will change. You can continue to log in or connect to your email addresses just as you always have. If you use an IP address as part of your connection settings, you should consider updating your settings to use your domain name instead. Learn how to do it here. If you don't know if you are using an IP address, please contact us. We will be happy to review your settings and make sure everything is okay.
You can contact our PapaSquad in several ways.
Yes, your website remains hosted in the United States, the good news is you will get an upgrade on your web servers as HostPapa has made a significant investment in infrastructure which will certainly provide fast loading websites and reliability which Google will love!