|
MacInTouchtimely, accurate info since 1985
Input devices discussion includes Apple's Magic Mouse features, Logitech's Triathlon mouse features, button spring tension, driver/customization software, stick-on bumpers for Apple's Magic Keyboard, free-spinning scroll wheels, mouse pads and wrist rests, side-squeeze buttons, etc.
Apple software updates continue to confuse with different software packages carrying identical names and version numbers, plus issues regarding unwanted downloads, as well as incompatibilities among Apple's own products (iPhone 6 vs. Apple Watch vs. iOS 12 vs.Catalina, etc.).
MacInTouch Community topics also include the following, among others:
iOS 13 notes describe how touching notifications calls spam numbers back, iPhone hardware failures, cloning and migration issues, and new USB storage operations.
Input devices discussion talks about missing Magic Mouse functions and configuration, Magic Keyboard dual-connection capability (Bluetooth or USB-Lightning), Matias quality problems, special key combinations at startup, multiple-mouse deployment issues, etc.
Apple software/update issues include multiple versions with identical names but different contents, unwanted downloads/installs, a dysfunctional downloads website, and more messes.
MacInTouch Community discussions also touch on the following topics, among others:
SwitchResX is Mac software from Stéphane Madrau that offers access to many more screen resolution settings than those offered by OS X, plus the ability to see more details about the settings and to save and restore various (multi-monitor) configurations. Comprised of multiple components - preference pane, app, helper tools, menubar item, contextual menu and built-in help - SwitchResX offers control over resolution, color depth, video mirroring, display rotation and display overscan for multiple internal or external displays. Additional features include the ability to save desktop arrangements, lock and maintain icon and window positions, disable or deactivate a monitor without physically unplugging it, link monitor settings to system events (e.g. key shortcuts, AppleScripts, application launches) and manage devices from monitors to HDTVs to video projectors. (See FAQ and ReadMe file [PDF] for more details.)
SwitchResX 4.9.1 is priced at $16 per user for Mac OS X 10.6 and up with a free 10-day trial, and older versions are available for earlier Macs. (See SwitchResX and System Integrity Protection (SIP) for notes about issues with Apple's security changes vs. display profiles.)
The latest releases deal with macOS Catalina compatibility issues, among other changes.
UninstallPKG is a Mac app from CoreCode for removing all the files installed by an Mac OS X installer package. The company writes, "UninstallPKG can remove all 37290 files of Office 2011 at once or completely remove things like Java or the Flash plugin. UninstallPKG is also able to clean-up after uninstalling an application by removing it from the Dock and LoginItems and erasing the files it has generated (preferences etc)."
UninstallPKG 1.1.7 is priced at $9.99 for OS X 10.10 and later, offering 5 uninstalls as a trial before purchase. The latest release provides "initial compatibility with 'Catalina'."
PrefEdit is a full-featured Mac app from Marcel Bresink for viewing and editing all sorts of property list (plist) and preference files, including those used for both Apple and third-party software. Features include a searchable list of preference files ("domains", e.g. com.apple.photoanalysisd), and you can edit the preference files in a friendly graphical user interface with full undo and redo, copy/paste, drag-and-drop and even support for macOS Versions. "PrefEdit detects automatically when applications change preference values at the same time the user is editing settings via PrefEdit." There's also a built-in help manual.
PrefEdit 4.3 is priced at $9.50 for macOS 10.12 and up and offers a limited demo mode prior to purchase. The latest release adds "full support for macOS 10.15 Catalina."
Property list files are the technical means used by macOS to store user preference settings in the background. This file type is also utilized by macOS for many other purposes, not only for building the preference database. You can use PrefEdit to display and edit all files compliant with Apple's plist standard.
coconutBattery is a Mac app from Chris Sinai (coconut-flavour.com) that shows "live" information about the battery in a Mac laptop, iPhone, iPad, or iPod Touch, including manufacture date, design capacity, maximum charge, computer model, battery loadcycles, battery temperature, battery history and more.
coconutBattery 3.8.2 is a free, donationware download for OS X 10.11 and up. The latest release brings macOS Catalina updates.
coconutBattery Plus, an upgrade priced at $9.95, provides more features, including WiFi access to iOS devices (in addition to the standard USB access), "lifetime" analyzers, "advanced viewers" with more details about the Mac or iOS device, and notifications.
If supported by the battery, the Lifetime Analyzer will show you lifetime information about your iOS battery like maximum/minimum and average temperature, voltage and charge/discharge rate ranges and battery operating time.
"Catalina" Cache Cleaner is a confusingly-named utility from Northern Softworks that, amazingly, supports Mac systems from Mac OS X 10.4 through macOS 10.15, providing an amazing collection of options and tools for system maintenance, security and preference setting, including virus and rootkit checking, network connection tuning, system information, login items, cache cleaning, prebindings, system logs, force-emptying of Trash, permissions repair, and much more.
Northern Softworks Cache Cleaner 15.0 is priced at $9.99 in a package containing a Legacy version for Mac OS X 10.4 and higher plus a second version for OS X 10.7 and up. (The program works in a time-delayed trial mode prior to purchase.)
Apple software/update issues are a big topic involving unwanted changes, version dysfunction/duplication, Apple software servers, third-party utilities and command-line programs, authentication problems, installer downloads, signing certificate expiration, issues with firmware packaging, updates, and versions, etc.
Input devices are also a current topic, touching on Apple "Magic" device issues, batteries, wireless vs. wired options, electrical interference, Bluetooth delays, ergonomic issues, startup key combinations, trackpads, Mac vs. Windows keyboards, backlighting, software, aesthetics, reliability, and a cautionary closet tale.
macOS Catalina discussion digs into Unix shells and scripting, media file locations, Apple Mail failures and updates, developer comments and Catalyst, quality problems vs. release cycles, Finder icons, iMessage issues, security concerns, APFS conversion errors, file-sharing bugs, music software compatibility, eGPU bugs, and more.
MacInTouch Community discussions include these additional topics, among others:
Alfred is a keyboard-driven Mac "productivity tool" from Running with Crayons that can launch applications, documents, and searches, execute actions on found items, do calculations, control iTunes, access clipboard history or snippets, and more, supporting a wide variety of workflows. (See Alfred help and support for more details.)
Alfred 4.0.5_1118 is a free download for OS X 10.11 and later. Alfred Powerpack is priced at £23. Alfred Remote 1.1, which requires the Powerpak, is priced at $4.99 for iOS 7 and later. The latest releases bring Catalina updates.
NeoFinder is a "fast and efficient disk cataloger and archiver" from Norbert M. Doerner (West-Forest-Systems), billed as an "Affinity Photo DAM", and it may serve to substitute for features of Apple's abandoned Aperture product or the recently-abandoned iView Media Pro (which bounced among multiple owners over the years).
NeoFinder features include catalogging of many types of storage (hard disk, data folder, CD-ROM, DVD-ROM, Blu-ray, HD-DVD, iPod, server volume, audio CD, USB stick, FTP server, and more); the ability to handle large amounts of data; previews (text, photo, movie); checksumming; metadata support (including geotagging); AppleScript, Spotlight and QuickLook support; catalog import and export; searching; custom fields; support for Adobe XMP (IPTC) metadata, XMP keyword editing, ratings, audio previews, grouping, geotag place name lookup, and more.
NeoFinder 7.4 is priced starting at $39.99 for OS X 10.8 and up, with a free demo and various discounts available, while a 2-user business license with full features is $149.90. (Older downloads are available for earlier Macs). NeoFinder 1.9.1 is priced at $4.99 for iOS 8 and up, providing a means of searching and viewing catalogs on a portable device after transferring them from a Mac (e.g. via Dropbox or iTunes).
NeoFinder 7.5 is currently in beta testing, due next month with custom annotations and more:
• Import custom field data from MediaPro XML Export files
• Catalog custom fields stored in regular Adobe XMP data, for example written by Media Pro in the “Write Annotations” command
• Display all that in the Inspector
• Edit these additional fields, if the original file is currently online (just like the regular XMP editor of NeoFinder)
• Create new custom fields
• Find the contents of custom fields in the “Any text contains” Find Parameter or QuickFind
GraphicConverter is a popular and well-supported graphics utility from Thorsten Lemke (Lemke Software GmbH) that can view, convert, filter and manipulate images, with import and export of many formats, batch conversion, slideshows, GPS/geotagging, face detection, Apple Live Photo conversion to animated GIF, support for Finder tags, and AppleScript support among its many features. (See GraphicConverter manual for full details.)
GraphicConverter 11.1 is priced at $39.95 for OS X 10.9 and up with a free trial available for download. Upgrade, family and volume licenses also are available, and Older versions support earlier Macs.
Version 11 version was a major update, and the latest release adds a few more features, updates, and bug fixes.
SilentKnight is a new Mac app from Howard Oakley (The Eclectic Light Co.) that fills a big gap in Apple's Mac software, checking and displaying the status of Apple's silent security updates — MRT, Gatekeeper, XProtect, TCC, the KEXT blocker, EFI firmware and System Integrity Protection (SIP) status. LockRattler is an earlier app from the same developer with a less streamlined, more manual interface that may be preferable in certain cases, for example, if you don't want to update all back-level versions of these Apple security components at once. Another related app, SystHist, offers a list of these security updates and versions that have been installed over time.
SilentKnight, LockRattler and SystHist are free downloads for OS X 10.11 and later. The latest updates cover a new "kext blocker" in macOS Catalina.
To check your Mac, simply open [SilentKnight]. It then runs a series of automatic checks:
• whether your EFI firmware is current, against a list which I maintain for each model;
• settings of key security systems such as System Integrity Protection (SIP);
• security data files for MRT, Gatekeeper, XProtect, TCC, and the KEXT blocker, testing whether they are up to date;
• whether there are any security updates available from Apple.
If the answer to the last is that there are updates available, it provides a single button which will download and install them immediately.
... SilentKnight isn’t intended as a complete replacement for LockRattler, which offers similar coverage but without automatic comparison against expected results. LockRattler remains the preferred option when you need more flexibility, perhaps running deliberately with older EFI firmware, or only wanting to download and install certain named updates.
... SystHist is a clean and simple app which tells you all the OS X/macOS system and security updates which have been installed on that Mac. Now probes deep into protected territory to find even silent silent updates, and gives details of all the files updated.
ImageBurner is a simple utility from Tony Gray for burning disk images (.dmg, .img, .iso, .cdr, .sparseimage and .toastfiles) to CD or DVD media. (The app is a graphical front-end for the hdiutil Unix command-line program included with macOS.) This can be very helpful for creating Linux "live CDs" and bootable SSD firmware updaters, among other uses. Features include control over burn speed for greater reliability, post-burn verification, and the option to leave the session appendable (for adding additional data to the same disc later).
ImageBurner 3.0 is a free download for OS X 10.10 and up. (Older versions are available for earlier Macs, back to PowerPC systems.) The latest version brings macOS Catalina support.
What's new in version 3.0
• Now a 64-bit application, and requires macOS 10.10 or higher
• Notarized for macOS 10.15 Catalina
• Supports erase before burn
LaunchControl is a Mac utility from Soma-zone that lets you control what programs are running on your Mac by provding a graphical interface to the operating system's critical "launchd" mechanism. Features include a control palette that shows all manner of "jobs" (running programs), including background, hidden and startup programs (e.g. Google's updater; Apple's gamed and photoanalysisd; firewall programs, disk drivers, backup programs and much, much more), providing details about status, invocation, options and program locations, plus numerous controls over their operation (along with built-in help and tooltips).
(Note that changes to Apple processes, such as disabling unwanted Apple Game Center or photo-analysis daemons, require turning off "SIP" via the csrutil disable command, which must be entered from Recovery mode on the Terminal command line.)
LaunchControl 1.48.2 is priced at $15 for OS X 10.7 and up. (See FAQ for uninstall instructions.) The latest release fixes an issue with macOS Catalina.
With LaunchControl you see all services and their respective status at a glance. Invalid services are highlighted and a problem description is provided. You can enable or disable services with a single click. The same goes for loading, unloading and ad-hoc starting. A long list of jobs may be filtered by job name and/or various properties, helping you to find what you are looking for in an instant.
AmorphousDiskMark is a Mac storage benchmarking app from Katsura Shareware with a user interface like that of the Windows app, CrystalDiskMark. Benchmark tests provide MB/s and IOPS results for a chosen target volume with controls over queue depth, test size, iterations and test intervals, as well as data choices (random or zero-fill), while tests include sequential 128KB and 1MB read/write, and random 4KB read/write.
AmorphousDiskMark 1.2.2 is a free download for OS X 10.8 and up.