Latest Video
Latest Stories
Here are all the Apple Arcade games that support controllers
You can play a ton of Apple Arcade games with popular controllers like the PlayStation 4’s DualShock 4.
Apple Arcade: Apple adds five new games, including 'Fallen Knight' and 'Hogwash'
Apple's new game subscription service features carefully curated games with no ads and no in-app purchases.
This $14 128GB flash drive connects to your iPhone, Android phone and PC
Get a 128GB USB drive for $14 at Amazon with connectors for iOS devices, Android phones, and laptops.
GameClub and Apple Arcade: How do they compare?
There's a new gaming subscription service on iOS, and it's remarkably similar to Apple Arcade.
When Apple makes changes, communication is key
Apple has made a lot of changes in the recent versions of its operating systems, but Dan Moren thinks the company hasn’t always done a great job of communicating them.
Amazon Fire TV Cube (second-generation) review: This is the best streaming box with voice control
The Fire TV Cube's voice controls are on another level from competing streamers, though some limitations still apply.
13 classic horror films to stream this Halloween
Why celebrate Halloween on just one night when there are so many great scary movies to watch?
Graber Virtual Cord Motorized Shade review: Deliciously decadent lighting control
Want to set your house apart from the other smart homes in the neighborhood? Consider investing in smart window coverings.
How to delete photos, links, and attachments from conversations in Messages
You can delete items you don’t want to keep or that you want to remove from taking up storage.
How Apple TV Channels prices compare to native apps like HBO Now, Showtime, and CBS All Access
Don't expect to save any money by restricting yourself to Apple's TV app. In fact, you can save money buying yearly subscriptions in separate apps.
Apple TV Channels FAQ: Services, pricing, availability, and everything else you need to know
You can buy and watch third-party streaming services right within Apple's TV app, but support is limited.
Apple TV+ FAQ: Everything you need to know
Apple’s streaming service will compete with the likes of Netflix, Disney, and Amazon Prime when it launches this fall. Here’s everything we know so far.
Apple TV app lands on select Amazon Fire TV devices ahead of Apple TV+ launch
Apple continues its push to get Apple TV+ everywhere with the launch of the Apple TV app on Amazon Fire TV devices.
iPhone rumors, Mac rumors, your hot takes, and more
Find out what we could see in the next iPhone and Mac—and could Apple come out with its own AR headset? It’s all in this episode of the Macworld Podcast.
Got a 32-bit app in Catalina? You don’t have to delete it
They won’t work, but you can choose to leave them in place.
How to delete photos, links, and attachments from...
You can delete items you don’t want to keep or that you want to remove from taking up storage.
Got a 32-bit app in Catalina? You don’t have to delete it
They won’t work, but you can choose to leave them in place.