Start a conversation
MailUp is the simple and scalable solution to design, send & automate marketing campaigns via Email, SMS and Messaging Apps.Start your free trial
Or get a quote
Trusted by 10,000+ customers
MailUp is integrated with
New!
Improved Support Plans
We've added new technical support options and channels. Let us help you streamline your road to success.
At your side, every step of the way
Integrations development, strategic/deliverability support, creative setup, KPI optimization, and much more. Our team's all-round experience is here to serve your business needs.
“MailUp proved to be a flexible, responsive partner able to focus on our specific needs and to handle a wide host of activities.”
Breaking through with Marketing Automation
Set automated cross-channel workflows triggered by your recipient's behavior. Workflow setup is easy with our drag & drop interface. Real-time reports let you keep closely under control your campaign performance.
“With its high-performance solution, MailUp turned out to be the perfect partner to help us grow our audience and increase customer loyalty.”
Design beautiful, mobile-ready email
BEE is the most advanced drag&drop editor on the market. Explore the lavish template gallery and create stunning emails already optimized for mobile - without entering a single line of HTML code.
“BEE makes it extremely easy to create the perfect layout for each of our customer clusters, with a subsequent increase in bookings.”
Seamless control during all work stages
Speed up teamwork, collect feedback on email design and copy, solve any critical issues before sending, keep track of your performances with real-time reports. It's easy, with our dedicated tools.
"MailUp’s contribution has been decisive in making Maxi Sport the preferred online shopping partner for so many people.”
Shape your marketing stack
Integrate MailUp with CRMs, external databases, e-commerce platforms, CMS, ERPs, Business Intelligence systems and much more. Move data around and use them to shape your most effective strategies yet.
“MailUp's flexibility and integrations make it easy to create targeted, easy-to-track communication campaigns to our database.”
Elisa Baldon
Web & Social Media Specialist
Giochi Preziosi
"Jade was a great find! We configured the app and registration form in next to no time and were able to collect the names of so many new partners, including when offline"More
Fiordistella Leocane
E-commerce Manager
B&B Hotels Italy SpA
"The email channel lets us build up our customer relations well after the end of their stay. With BEE, it's easy and intuitive to create the ideal layout"More
Alberto Arossa
Head of Activities and Projects
Slow Food Italy
"MailUp is a fundamental tool to tell members, visitors and fans about the opportunities on offer at Slow Food Italy"More