Maximizing Local SEO: How to Outrank Your Competition
Digital marketing is constantly evolving.
Are you losing business?
Call us1-888-874-3791 orRequest FREE Consultation
It Takes SEO – And So Much More
At Mainstreethost, we’ve spent nearly two decades optimizing the online world, helping businesses large and small with their digital marketing efforts and search engine optimization services. We’ve seen players come and go, techniques succeed and fail, and mediums adapt and grow. We have an incredible depth of understanding and knowledge of how to make your business and your brand succeed.
We’ve worked with more than 4,000 companies, individuals, nonprofits and other organizations since 1999, giving us an unparalleled level of knowledge across a diverse range of industries and markets. We can learn your story and tell it in a way that current and prospective customers will find exciting, engaging and enticing.
Backed by a diverse team of experts in SEO, content, social media, web development, design and more, we understand that success online is much more than just SEO. Let’s get to work and map out your road to success together.
Affordable Digital Marketing Services
Your business is unique and has distinct goals. That’s why we carry a vast arsenal of digital marketing solutions to help you achieve your goals. Is it quality website traffic you seek? With our content marketing and SEO services, we’ll attract the right kind of visitors frequenting your website. Perhaps you need a new website? You’ve come to the right place. We were named the #1 web design firm in Buffalo, NY. Searching tirelessly for an agency capable of generating qualified leads? Sounds like PPC management may be for you! We will put our experience to work to achieve your goals.
1. SEO Services
Explore Our SEO Solutions
Search engine optimization is almost as old as the web itself, but it’s still a critical component for success today. Optimizing your site helps search engines discover and understand your website. Let us show you how an optimized site can improve rankings, increase visibility and boost your traffic with effective, on-site SEO.
2. Pay-Per-Click (PPC)
Explore Our PPC Solutions
Pay-per-click, or PPC, is one of the leading paid advertising methods, and can help boost your businesses performance. PPC ads can appear in search results, show up on relevant news and industry sites, retarget previous visitors or even appear in social media newsfeeds. If you want to give your branding a boost, let us show you the benefits of PPC.
3. Web Design
Explore Our Web Design Solutions
An engaging website requires more than just a few minutes of clicking through a do-it-yourself builder. Is your site responsive? How is your user experience (UX)? Is your message delivered clearly? Is your ecommerce platform secure and easy to use? Whether you’re building your first site or redeveloping, our web design team has got you covered.
4. Content Marketing
Explore Our Content Solutions
Relevant, compelling and informative are three items that your content must entail to be successful. It must also rank. At Mainstreethost, our content marketers work to include relevant SEO phrases and techniques in our copywriting and digital graphics. Need a press release, product copy or email campaign? You’ve got it! Let us show you the power of quality content.
5. Social Media Marketing
Explore Our SMM Solutions
Common among businesses and consumers alike is a presence on social media – or at least it should be. Brands today share discounts and deals, provide updates, run contests, or handle customer service issues through Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and other social platforms. Let our social media marketing experts show you how to discover success with organic and paid social marketing solutions.
Marketing Solutions that Scale
Whether you’re a small dog groomer, a mid-sized commercial contractor or a large-scale clothing manufacturer, we have solutions that integrate with your business needs. Mainstreethost can show you the ropes and get your new business traffic. We can take your social marketing to the next level and develop web design solutions your team can’t tackle in-house. We also work with partners and affiliates, offering solutions you can take to your customers, growing their marketing while expanding your organization’s capabilities.
Get to Know Us
The Mainstreethost Team
Our talented team of marketing professionals includes experts in not only a wide variety of fields, but also in a diverse range of passions. We work hard and we play hard, rooting for our Buffalo sports teams (sometimes a tough job on its own), shoveling our snowy driveways in the winter and delighting in all Western New York has to offer in the summer season.
Our ranks include jocks and nerds, artists, writers, innovators and imaginers, all working together on the same end goal – our clients’ success. We’re always looking for new talents to join the team, too!
Don’t Just Take Our Word for It
With over 20 years of success, it should come as no surprise that we’ve made an impressive impact on many of our clients’ businesses. Our clients all have unique needs, distinctive challenges, and different goals. We’ve helped them find their success with our digital marketing services. See what our clients say about us and read a few of our success stories here.
- Increased overall traffic by 180%
- Increased organic traffic by 215%
- Increased mobile traffic by 310%
- Increased overall traffic by 111%
- Opened 2 additional locations
- Increased organic traffic by 130%
- Implemented multilanguage support
- Increased international leads
- Increased organic reach internationally
Digital Marketing Blog
Our digital marketing blog provides industry leading tips and advice for promoting your business online by performing better in search, social, paid advertising, content marketing and web design & development.
Digital Marketing in The 90s
A look back at digital marketing practices from 20 years ago in honor of our 20th Anniversary
Intro to E-A-T SEO
As a factor in Google’s search algorithm…What does E-A-T mean for your SEO?