The Halloween REM returns to North America in time for this spooky day and also means we are receiving this 2-3 months ahead of “schedule.” This is because we are having this event at essentially the same time as the JP server which is exciting to say the least. Furthermore, there have been numerous buffs across all rarities along with new cards and evolutions.
Not only can we partake in the hype of new changes, but we are in theory receiving stronger cards ahead of schedule. This can be important for players who are pushing through challenging content as they are able to potentially gain irreplaceable tools.
With that being said, NA faces a unique problem in that we do not know what Power Rangers Collab will hold as it will be a debut event in the near future. This has the potential to range from amazing to lackluster and everything in between.
Regardless, this article will cover the strengths and weaknesses of each card to give players a better understanding of what to expect in this year’s Halloween REM.
Video commentary
–video coming soon–
Fast Overview
Overview
Halloween REM Pros & Cons – October 18, 2019
Pros
Cons
Comes during Halloween
New cards/buffs are strong
Hope this trend continues
Available every year
Should help keep up with Powercreep
Pretty Orb Skins
Some 4* were promoted to 5*
Older event
Contains some outdated cards
Power Rangers Collab is coming
Could be amazingly strong
8* are featured in Seasonal Godfests
Halloween REM Rarities
9-Star Base
8-Star Base
7-Star Base
6-Star Base
5-Star Base
Halloween REM Rankings – October 18, 2019
S
A
B
C
D
Order within each tier is random and not reflective of ranking
All icons show non-Weapon Assist form
Use these rankings as starting points, not absolute truths
Regardless of a card’s ranking, you should always keep it if it is your very first time acquiring them.
The Reset will not provide a new selection after the next maintenance on 10/22 (Tues) 6pm (UTC-8). Failure to use before will cause it to be lost
Introduction
On Tuesday October 22 at 6pm (UTC-8), PAD will go under maintenance and this will also reset the Best Friend Token, Present, and One-Time Bargain set.
The Best Friend reset will grant an additional Token which will allow you to choose a new Best Friend. This additional selection will not override your existing ones but failing to use a current selection will not carry over after the reset.
Best Friends are a vital part of your PAD experience as it will enable you to expand the leaders available as well as gaining additional Pal Points.
This article will explain the Friend and Best Friend System along with how you can improve your chances of being selected by strangers as well as how to form BFF Triangles.
From the previous reset, I was the first player on any PAD server to achieve 300/300 Best Friends on my Mantastic account and wondering if I can achieve that same status on Fantastic as I am around 175. With this in mind, if you wish to Best Friend Mantastic or Fantastic, please leave your ID number, your in game name, and which account you want to Best Friend. Mantastic can only accept a handful of players as I can only delete a few inactive BFF.
Video commentary
–video coming soon–
Finding Friends
The first step to Pal Point domination is to find friends to populate your list. As you rank up, your friends list will max out at 50 players. You can add 5 additional friend slots for 1 magic stone, up to a maximum of 300 friends. Continue reading Best Friend Reset Coming Tues Oct 22→
The PAD Harvest Ranking Tournament has gone live in North America and gives players a chance to play for lucrative rewards along with a 7% Crown.
As a twist, this Fixed Team will only have to face a one floor but is nearly impossible to kill in a single turn. In fact, killing in two turns is difficult and if players are able to do so, they are almost always going to obtain a Crown.
This article will explain my approach to this Ranking Tournament for clearing it in two turns.
Score breakdown
In Ranking Dungeons, players are scored based on the following:
Each Combo is worth 5,000 points
Each second remaining is worth 500 points
Hitting 40 Million damage is 10,000 points
Each active used to kill a floor (no combo made) is -5,000 points
In the near future, North American will be blessed with the Power Rangers Collab! This will be the second NA-exclusive Collab to come to us after the disappointing Voltron which was a reskin of a lackluster REM with some of the better/best cards removed.
With this in mind, hopefully GHNA does not follow that same path as it was a massive let down to the community. With that being said, we know nothing other than a the Red Ranger will be featured from their teaser video and everything up to this point is speculation.
This article will mostly serve as a place for me to put down my thoughts and to act as a medium for my readers to express their hopes/dreams for this event in the comments section.
The official teaser trailer/video can be found HERE.
Video commentary
–video coming soon–
Hopes for the Collab
For myself, I want this Collab to succeed as it can open the doors to future events if it proves successful. GungHo is a business and doing anything like this will cost money. As such, there has to be a positive enough player response for us to continue to receive meaningful events. Thus, there are a few things that I feel can help enhance the chances of Power Rangers being successful in North America. Continue reading It’s Morphin’ Time!→
The Monster Hunter Collab is in full swing and one of the more exciting features is the inclusion of the Male and Female Hunters. These cards are able to be evolved into a total of 12 distinct evolutions while also having the option of exchanging either 3 Evolved Male/Female Hunters for a Super Hunter.
This article will provide a brief summary of what each Hunter does and where how they can be used along with advice on whether the 3 Super Hunters are worthwhile.
One thing to keep in mind is that none of the Hunters have received buffs which potentially lowers their overall value as they will have harder time keeping abreast with current options. Furthermore, these are free/farmable cards so their power is kept in check.
Video commentary
–video coming soon–
Acquiring Hunters
During the current Monster Hunter event, players will receive one base Male Hunter in the mail and an earn an additional Male and one Female from clearing the Monster Hunter dungeons. As such, some players will be in possession of several Hunters. In addition to these free Hunters, each base form can be purchased for 200,000 Monster Points. These Hunters will only be available if players did not login/clear the dungeons last time as none of these were reset outside of a free Female Hunter.Continue reading Male & Female Hunter Review – November 2019→
The Monster Hunter Collab will be returning to North America for the third time in 2019 on Monday, October 7. This may feel like a bit of an overload, but it is one of the single best events to roll in for the vast majority of players.
This is because it is home to some of the most valuable Weapon Assists in the game along with tremendous value at the 5-star rarity. This helps lessen the pain of rolling a Gold Egg as some are chase cards due to their Weapon Assists and 60% resistance to Blind , Jammer , or Poison mechanics.
On the other hand, more veteran players may have less desire to roll as they may have already acquired most/all the 5-stars along with numerous dupes. This can make it challenging to continue rolling if already saturated.
The following article will highlight the strengths and weaknesses of all the featured REM cards to give players a better understanding of whether or not Magic Stones should be spent. With that being said, if you have rolled little or none at all thus far, it will almost always be a good idea to do so now.
Video commentary
—Video coming soon—
Fast Overview
Report this ad
—
Overview
Monster Hunter Pros & Cons – October 3, 2019
Pros
Cons
Some of the best Weapon Assists in the game
Huge value at the 5-star rarity
Roll for the Resists
Dupes are usually welcomed
All cards can be Limit Broken/SA
Massive weighted stats
Puts the Dragons in Puzzle and Dragons
One of the prettier Orb Skins
All rolls cost 10 Magic Stones
High Monster Exchange cost
Large rolling pool
Harder to roll a specific card
Has come many times before
May already own the older cards so less motivation to roll
No cards have Voice Awakening
GH missed out on ROARS
Monster Hunter Collab REM
7 Star base
6 Star base
5 Star base
Monster Hunter REM Rankings – October 3, 2019
S
A
B
C
D
Report this ad
Order within each tier is random and not reflective of ranking
All icons show non-Weapon Assist form
Regardless of card’s ranking, you should always keep it if it is your very first time acquiring them.
The general gist of Question Time posts are for players to ask various PAD-related questions that do not have a simple/Google-able answer or related article on my website. I do play other games and have often found myself having specific/unique questions about it but have no where to go and can imagine this may hold true for some of my readers.
With that being said, there will be some restrictions on the types of questions I will be answering.
If planning on commenting on a regular basis, it is advantageous to create a WordPress account to both receive notifications as well as giving me a point of reference as to who I am responding to.
Do’s and Don’t
For the most part, almost any question will be answered, even some non-invasive Off-Topic ones; however, it is best to ask questions that require explanation/why/my personal opinion. The following examples are Fantastic types of questions to ask:
Of these options, what is the best Yusuke team I can make for Arena 3?
What direction do you think GungHo will take with the 4x HP leads?
Can Heart Cross teams be revived and if so, how?
The following types of questions will not be answered by me either because it has a simple Google-able answer or shows a lack of effort on the reader’s part:
Anything that Google/Padx can answer
A link to your entire Monster Box and saying “make me a team”
Conclusion
I hope my readers use this opportunity to ask questions that will hopefully improve their overall game play and progression.