First 14 days are on us, no credit card required
Is more than a race to close issues. We know every team can craft great software with the best tools and the right information.
Track projects from start to finish, stay productive with fewer meetings and organize tasks by project.
Email triage done for you. Save time with templated responses and automated replies.
Branch and merge with ease and maintain code security with HTTPS, SSH and permissions. Stay on top of your code while getting notified of key changes.
FogBugz gives you all the features you need to create great software. You get project management, issue tracking, and support functionality fused with just enough process to help you deliver on point and on time.
Plus, there’s robust integration with other best of breed tools like Slack, GitHub and Google Docs.
We created FogBugz for teams of 5 to 50 developers, and still follow this same direction, with optimized workflows to jump-start SMBs. We give you all the features you need straight out of the box with no expensive add-ons or integrations required. Jira on the other hand breaks its product into parts to appear less expensive, and then charges you for each integration or add-on.
Our pre-built structure is fine-tuned for software development, while JIRA makes you suffer their soul-killing workflows!
We created FogBugz for teams of 5 to 50 devs, and we still follow this same direction, optimizing everything to jump-start SMBs.
Fogbugz includes all the features you need directly in the product, while JIRA breaks the product apart to appear less expensive, and then charges you for each integration or add-on. We come with a pre-built structure for software development, while JIRA makes you suffer their soul-killing workflows.
FogBugz is a versatile project management tool
made by developers for software teams.
With just enough workflow to follow your team's existing process and keep it on track, whether that's full agile or more adhoc.
Each case is assigned to one person and every responsibility in your project has a clear owner. FogBugz also lets you capture bug reports from users through email or web forms and helps take care of core help desk tasks by handling your inbox.
Case data is not linked to profiles, so if someone on your team leaves, all the knowledge they shared and the decisions they've made are still available for future reference.