Why Cadbury’s marketers are embracing feeling ‘uncomfortable’Molly Fleming
Cadbury is challenging its marketers to think differently about advertising while still harking back to its brand heritage and positioning.
Our website uses cookies to improve your user experience. If you continue browsing, we assume that you consent to our use of cookies. More information can be found in our Cookies Policy and Privacy
Policy.
Cadbury is challenging its marketers to think differently about advertising while still harking back to its brand heritage and positioning.
Ten years ago, using artificial intelligence to optimise retail processes, power product recommendations and improve the customer experience was the sole province of cutting-edge ecommerce powerhouses like Amazon. But other retailers are now catching up.
Good morning and welcome to Marketing Week’s round-up of the news that matters in the marketing world today.
To embrace a purpose-driven agenda marketers need to understand their company’s failings and then act as change leaders, mobilising the businesses from the top down.
Reports are constantly suggesting the CMO role is obsolete, but top marketers from RBS, Tesco, Birds Eye and Salesforce disagree, saying when “marketers deliver, there is no problem”.
Attracting the right brand partnership will be crucial if W Series wants to cement its status as the home of female motor racing as the tournament gears up for its second season.
Marketers need to understand that the edge is where opportunity is and by learning to become more comfortable there they can find more opportunities.
As a culture driven by perfection, craftsmanship and shifting tastes, the Japanese market can prove a steep learning curve for marketers.
Tom Fishburne is founder of Marketoon Studios. Follow his work at marketoonist.com or on Twitter @tomfishburne See more of the Marketoonist here
Efficiency and effectiveness need to coexist in marketing, and to achieve that requires having the right metrics and the tools to measure them.
Backed by chef Jamie Oliver, Bite Back 2030 is on a 10-year mission to halve childhood obesity by encouraging marketers to use their influence to promote healthy lifestyles.
We arm marketers with all the numbers they need to tackle the week ahead.
A focus on people and quick wins has allowed the UK’s largest electronical retailer to move away from a discount-heavy strategy it believes would have killed the business within five years.
Coca-Cola praises marketing investment for helping to shift consumer mindsets about the soft drink company and its namesake brand.
Japan’s rugby team might appear to have few links to Skoda, but both have excelled against expectation using a challenger mindset, which others can emulate.
Exploring the international market can be an exhilarating ride, throwing yourself into new cultures and widening your scope of reference, but going into it with your eyes open is crucial.
In the first of a new series looking at what it takes to be a marketer in different regions, Marketing Week puts the spotlight on Japan. From navigating the working style and overcoming language barriers, to determining marketing’s role in corporate culture.
In the latest edition of the Marketing Week Explores podcast we look at how marketers can make the most of working abroad and what the future of Tesco looks like without its CEO Dave Lewis.
Essity’s global marketing boss has spent her career working across five different countries, which while difficult from a personal perspective has helped her better understand global business.
While the old rules still apply, there are seven characteristics successful brands display – from making time for strategy to simple KPIs and strong leadership.
Brands need to ensure their websites are accessible to disabled people or risk losing out on £249bn a year.
Our columnist finds to his horror that he’s reached his limit of LinkedIn connections, with requests building up faster than he can cull.
Digital Shift: The changing martech landscape and horizontal innovation
From the ever-changing martech landscape and the rise of brands looking to innovate horizontally to the changing face of retail and the real impact of 5G, this Digital Shift report from Econsultancy covers all the hottest topics in digital marketing. Click below to listen to the accompanying webinar. Listen to the webinar
1. Foreword When I ask senior marketers to tell me what marketing framework they are most familiar with, they often suggest the 4Ps (Product, Price, Place and Promotion). This model was first published in 1960 by American marketing professor Edmund Jerome McCarthy in his book Basic Marketing: A Managerial Approach. This was in an era of […]
1. Foreword Before the launch of the iPhone in 2007, and for some years after that, ‘mobile’ was perceived as a standalone channel, deserving a dedicated strategy, budget and team. Now that ‘mobile’ has become infused into every aspect of digital marketing, no longer considered as a distinct channel, do marketers still need a standalone […]
Adidas admits that a focus on efficiency rather than effectiveness led it to over-focus on ROI and over-invest in performance and digital at the expense of brand building.
Diageo credits its two-year focus on integrating marketing effectiveness across the business with a “profound shift” in the belief in marketing investment, but says the job is not done yet.
Clubcard, econometrics and working much more closely with the main Tesco brand form the foundations of F&F’s strategy to redefine what it means to be a supermarket fashion brand.
Tesco’s outgoing chief executive talked semantic strategies, regrets and how “brutal objectivity” helped him lead one of the UK’s biggest business turnarounds.
Does the plethora of new titles for senior marketing roles reflect a change in the nature of marketing, or is it a case of window dressing gone wild?
Story of my CV: A graduate position at Sainsbury’s helped set Toni Wood up for a career that has seen her progress through a number of roles at global brands including Procter & Gamble, Britvic and now DFS.
The tech industry leads the way in customer satisfaction, while the logistics, energy and water sectors lag far behind, according to new research from the company behind NPS shared exclusively with Marketing Week.
Many marketers are wasting valuable time and resources optimising for voice when there are much more strategic challenges that need dealing with first.
As members of Marketing Week’s CX50 list demonstrate, companies can only deliver what the customer wants and needs if the whole organisation is aligned.
GoCompare and MoneySuperMarket have both shifted away from loud, price-driven messaging to focus on personalised customer experiences based on data, in the hope of differentiating themselves and increasing loyalty.
New research sheds light on which charities consumers are most likely to donate to, why they don’t give, and how to engage more young people with good causes.
When the European beauty bookings service needed to find new customers, it decided to get rigorous about the impact of each pound spent on advertising.
At a roundtable hosted by Marketing Week in partnership with Facebook, marketers debated the cost of hindering consumers on the way to making a purchase, and how brands can keep them coming back with smooth, hassle-free experiences.