Abigail Adams urged her husband to “Remember the Ladies” and made herself impossible to forget. Documents and artifacts will explore how and why we continue to Remember Abigail.
This photograph depicts Opal Whiteley in the process of reassembling her diary that had been ripped into thousands of pieces by a "jealous foster sister." Read more
As the nation’s first historical society, the MHS strives to enhance the understanding of our nation’s past and its connection to the present, demonstrating that history is not just a series of events that happened to individuals long ago but is integral to the fabric of our daily lives. More about the MHS
What were the philosophical and intellectual ideas that Northern Republicans used to justify Reconstruction? This project analyzes the way that the Civil War and ...
This talk, given by Polly Putnam, Collections Curator for the Historic Royal Palaces, considers the development of Queen Victoria's public image over the course of her 63 ...
Today it seems you can't run for president without first putting out a memoir or autobiography. But biographies of presidential candidates - and presidents - are nothing ...
View a selection of our favorite items from the MHS collection.
Browse a list of our digital collections or limit your search by topic, format, or time period.
The Adams Family Papers consist of the writings of two presidents—John Adams and John Quincy Adams—and their families. View documents and transcriptions, biographies, a timeline, and more.
The Coolidge Collection of Thomas Jefferson Manuscripts, containing almost 9,000 pages of correspondence, personal manuscript volumes, and more than 400 architectural drawings, is the largest gathering of the personal papers of our third president.
Comprised of manuscripts, photographs, books, pamphlets, broadsides, maps, graphics, newspapers, works of art, and artifacts, MHS collections are unparalleled in their importance for the study of American history.
By David Krugler, Professor of History, University of Wisconsin--Platteville As a historian, I have mixed feelings about historic anniversaries. I welcome the surge of public and press interest ...
This week we have a couple of evening programs, a biography seminar, a brown-bag lunch program, and a gallery talk. Here is a look at what is planned: On Monday, 21 ...
This is a busy week at the MHS. Take a look at what is planned: On Monday, 14 October, from 10:00 AM to 3:00 PM: Opening Our Doors Celebration. The MHS will join its neighboring ...
Our blog has a new look and feel! Read now.