By viewing this website, you agree to the Terms and Conditions of Services and our Privacy Policy. Please read both of these documents by clicking on the preceding links. If you do not agree to adide by all sections of the documents, please do not proceed.
This website is an advertising directory. Masseurfinder.com's owner does not endorse any of the advertisers listed herein. While we strive to maintain an accurate, timely site, we do not verify any of the information contained within the advertisements, including but not limited to information about professional licensing and certification.
Frequently asked questions
Q: How does Masseurfinder work?
A: MF is a free resource for men looking for massage therapists and bodyworkers. Our worldwide directory includes more than 400 cities. To find one near you, simply enter your location information at the top of this page. When you find a guy whom you would like contact, click his picture to view his full profile.
Q: How do I contact a masseur on your site?
If his phone number is listed, call him. That's almost always the quickest and most efficient ways to reach a masseur. You can also contact him through our email system. Simply click on the "Email him" button. Next, enter your name, email address, etc., and the message will be instantly forwarded to his inbox.
Q: What are your top cities?
A: Our directory covers hundreds of cities in the United States, Canada, France, and around the world. The top cities include Los Angeles, West Hollywood, New York/Manhattan, San Francisco, Miami, Dallas, Fort Lauderdale, Houston and Chicago.
Q: Do you have to be gay to try "gay massage"?
A: We don't think so. We use the word "gay" on this website because most of the therapists are gay-friendly or gay themselves. But you don't have to identify that way to get male bodywork. As long as you're open-minded and communicate exactly what you're looking for, sexual identity does not have to be a factor in choosing masage.
Q: What types of services are offered?
A: There are more than 1,000 men on MF, and they offer a wide range of services. Some offer strictly therapeutic, non-erotic massage; others offer Eastern or integrated bodywork. Select whichever category you're interested.
Q: Any advice on how to choose a masseur?
A: MF is only an advertising service — a male massage yellow pages — so we can't vouch for the quality of the men's services. They alone are responsible for their training, certification, conduct and professional statements. We recommend that you ask a lot of questions so there are no surprises, and follow your gut instinct. Trust is vital.
Q: Can you recommend a site that's exclusively dedicated to therapeutic massage for men?
A: Sure! Check out our favorite massage directory, which features therapeutic, certified massage therapists and bodyworkers, female and male, around the world, searchable by ZIP/postal code or city.
Q: What's with your name?
A: We know our name isn't very easy to spell. The most common misspellings are Massuerfinder, Massorfinder, Massurfinder, Masseusefinder, Masserfinder and Massagefinder. If you like our site, we recommend that you bookmark us!