Discover Match Dining
Dine more for less! For every new 6 months membership get 1 year FREE Match Dining**
Always Active
Dine more for less! For every new 6 months membership get 1 year FREE Match Dining**
Our members are looking for their very own love story and we do everything to help them achieve it.
3, 2, 1 go! On Match, dating profiles are very detailed. You can find matches using the criteria search or just browse through the array of members’ profiles.
Describe your ideal match in one sentence.
a 30-35 yo, looking for a serious relationship with a bit of a quirky side
I’m launching a profile search for you…
Meet Susie
Susie
31 years old, LONDON
See profile
Need a helping hand? Let our virtual online dating coach Lara be your guide to finding your ideal partner.
Matthew
30 years - London
Identify our most genuine members instantly: the Match Badge is the ultimate recognition of real gents.
Bye bye routine, hello surprise. Come and meet singles near you at one of our vibrant and informal Match nights.
1.6 million people met their partner on Match*; you could be the next!
By creating your profile on Match, it will be visible on the local variants of our service which use the same platform operated under different brand names. For more information about the terms of your profile’s extended visibility, click here.
Ensuring the safety of our clients is our top priority. Profiles are moderated and your personal data is protected.
Want to be more in control?
Choose “Incognito Mode”
View dating profiles discreetly and only appear to members you are interested in.
Opt for “Zen Mode”
You’ll only be contacted by profiles that match your criteria.
Talk about yourself. The secret? Be natural, honest and spontaneous. A few lines are enough to make an impression.
Why not add a bit of humour, too?
Be precise: the more search criteria you complete, the greater your chances are of being contacted by singles who share the same interests as you.
Share your photos. Create an album that reflects your personality.
Matthew
30 years - London
Meet the person who’s right for you thanks to our detailed search.
Discover our personalised selection of detailed dating profiles.
Come and meet other singles at our Match evenings and activities.
It’s a match!
Matthew & Ashley
Send message
Don’t know how to kick start the conversation?
Tell them about the little details that attracted you to their online dating profile or discuss your shared interests.
Or be creative and share a music link, or a GIF!
Read our advice articles to make your profile as attractive as possible and find tips on how to break the ice.
I saw on your profile you love Tennis. Are you more Nadal or Federer?
In Manchester, Edinburgh, London, Portsmouth... Wherever you are, there are people waiting to meet you! Still not convinced? Register and see for yourself!
Dates in London: Are you single and living in London? Register free for Match and browse thousands of profiles of other single Londoners. Arrange dates in the capital at our singles events.London Dating
Dates in Edinburgh: Want to meet eligible Edinburgh singles? Browse our wide selection of profiles or attend a singles event in the Scottish capital.Edinburgh Dating
Dates in Manchester: Want great dates in Manchester? Register on Match and meet singles in Manchester on our website, or at a drinks event or a meet-up activity organised by Match.Manchester Dating
Laid-back, original and fun, Match events have already attracted over 300,000 members. Join the community!
Make space in your diary! Come to our singles nights and events for your age group in your area.
Meet singles through a shared interest at one of our many activities or over a drink at one of our free drinks events.
Don’t want to come on your own? Ask your friends to come too!
What are you waiting for?
Discover our singles nights in London.
Meet Match members in our singles events in Brighton.
Enjoy our next dating event in Oxford.
Find singles events in Birmingham.
Over 1.6 million people met their partner on Match.
Start meeting singles who are ready to commit today