How to add CSS to HTML
A tutorial explaining the pros and cons of the four main methods of adding CSS to HTML
Welcome to my website. This is where I bring together my biggest passions in life; art and design... I hope you enjoy my work. - Matt =)
A tutorial explaining the pros and cons of the four main methods of adding CSS to HTML
ALWAYS use top margin when spacing block-level elements in CSS layouts. Read more to find out why.
A house plan that responds to the width of your browser window
How synesthesia helps me find four and five leaf clovers
Introducing an awesome fractal drawing tool by Toby Schachman: recursivedrawing.com
Introducing flexible HTML5 banner ads for your responsive layouts
A free iPad optimised website layout that changes design when the device is rotated
How to make starbursts without images: a CSS3 tutorial
A detailed article explaining how to add drop-down submenus to my centered menus
A neat CSS trick that turns ordinary images into a fuzzy, pixelated CRT screen
An experimental website layout using the CSS hover pseudo-class and plain XHTML
An animated Reddit alien logo I created from pure CSS and text
Commentary on the latest developments in Microformats and their adoption by Google
If your launching a brand new website that no-one knows about yet then try these great indexing tips
This is a great little SEO trick for your navigation bar that will work for almost every website and particularly larger websites
A step by step tutorial explaining how to create multicolumn layouts with divs and CSS where every column is the same height
A new version of my 3 column liquid layout that does not use quirks mode or IE conditional comments
A simple cross-browser method of centering tabbed menus with pure CSS and no hacks.
An unusual web page design that is the inverse of the Holy Grail liquid-layout.
A simple CSS tutorial showing how to change between fixed-width and liquid-layouts with the use of a container div
A new series of solid layouts that use pixel and em widths for columns. SEO friendly. No CSS hacks. Free for anyone to use.
Can't afford a MacBook Air? Print out one for free!
A simple way to use clean rewritten URLs directly from posted forms without JavaScript
Environmentally friendly Christmas lights that are fun and interactive