Welcome to Mauldin Economics
Ever since his breakthrough book, Bull's Eye Investing: Targeting Real Returns in a Smoke and Mirrors Market (Wiley, 2004), best-selling author, analyst, and financial writer John Mauldin has been helping individual investors and institutions develop a clearer understanding of the forces driving the global economy and investment markets.
When you ask anyone in the industry about John Mauldin, it's not unusual for them to quip, "John's got the best Rolodex in the business.”
On behalf of subscribers to Mauldin Economics, John taps into his network either directly or through the reams of high-level research he's privy to on a regular basis, to assist in identifying the smartest investments for today's markets.
These ideas are then carefully screened and evaluated by a team of ace analysts, with only the best of the best brought to the attention of Mauldin Economics subscribers.
This is important to you, because it gives you the equivalent of direct access—just one small step removed—to some of the brightest minds and most successful managers in the world today.
Our Investment Products
Mauldin Economics have a range of premium investment newsletters available.
Yield Shark
John Mauldin's personal research team ceaselessly searches for investments offering the best combination of safety, yield, and appreciation to help you dramatically increase your bottom line...
Read more »
Over My Shoulder
Three to four times a week, John Mauldin and Patrick Watson send you the best of the top-level investment and economic research they receive, along with brief summaries and takeaways. Streamlining your research has never been easier...Read more »
Street Freak
Jared Dillian's newest publication brings you trend analysis, trade ideas, and one actionable, easy-to-handle investment recommendation per month... Read more »
The Daily Dirtnap
Jared Dillian’s unrestrained daily take on the markets, macro forces, and investor sentiment gives financial pros and sophisticated investors an edge they won’t find anywhere else. Read more »
Transformational Technology Alert
At Transformational Technology Alert, Patrick Cox uses his 30 years of technology research experience to uncover the breakthroughs that could transform the future ... Read more »
In the Money
A premium alert service that shows you how to apply current economic trends to an effective growth stock strategy for income investors. Read more »
ETF 20/20
If you’re concerned about hidden “gotchas” in ETFs, curious about how ETFs can help you fulfil your investing goals, and want to build a profitable, sustainable, long-term portfolio... then ETF 20/20 is exactly what you’ve been looking for... Read more »
ETF Master Class
Jared Dillian hosts a special ETF Master Class. In this private training, you will gain a much better understanding of how ETFs work as a product and what the implications of the “fine print” mean for you as an investor. Read more »