Comedian Micheal Cruz Kayne (What I Did For Love, The Exhibition) joins hosts Jo Firestone & Manolo Moreno to play listener-created games with callers!
Games played: Dr. FruitMic, Guess That Tune, and Good Movie, Few Words
Outro theme cover by The Sugar Pushers from Sacramento, California
This episode sponsored by:
Sticker Mule - Get $10 off your first order of custom magnets or anything else at stickermule.com/GAMESHOW
Prepare to journey through the entire Marvel-based cinematic oeuvre, with True Believers Mark and Hal as your guide.
Ben Franklin may not have have been a doctor, but he still had a massive impact on the medical field in his time. What were his contributions? And was he ever actually president? You'll have to listen to find out!
Subscribe on iTunes! then, tweet about or follow the show on Twitter (@Sawbones) so all your friends and family can be as horrified and entertained as you.
Music: "Medicines" by The Taxpayers
New to Bullseye? Subscribe to our podcast in iTunes or with your favorite podcatcher to make sure you automatically get the newest episode every week.
We're big fans of Chris Morris' absurdist works of satire – but he just doesn't make up that much, these days.The writer-director's new film, The Day Shall Come, is kind of a farce about terrorism and the FBI's efforts to fight it.
In the film, Morris examines how the Bureau tends to find eccentrics – guys who live in communes, that kind of thing. Then, with undercover agents and financing, the Bureau takes these eccentrics and turns them into bigger threats than they actually are. The film tells a complex and often bizarre story that is almost entirely based on real things that happened in the counter terrorism world.
In the mid-90s, Chris was the host and creator of The Day Today, the BBC news parody where he'd read headlines like "Sacked Chimney Sweep Pumps Boss Full of Mayonnaise." And, who could forget: "Where Now For Man Raised By Puffins?"
He followed up that with, Brass Eye, another brilliant news parody where he'd con elected officials into warning kids to stay away from a fake drug called "Cake." The fake drug, supposedly came in a giant yellow pill, roughly the size of a circular cake. Try swallowing that.
Chris Morris joins us to talk about his new movie. He'll chat about reading court transcripts, talking with journalists, even attending trials to really understand what goes on at the Bureau. Plus, we'll talk about The Day Today and Brass Eye, too!
You can stream or download The Day Shall Come on various platforms including Amazon and YouTube.
Nellie McKay (Bagatelles EP) joins Jordan and Jesse for a discussion of Nellie's sweet old pup Bessie who joined everyone in the recording booth, Jordan's strategies for asking his upstairs neighbor about some particularly strange noises, and strategies for mowing your lawn. Plus, Nellie graces us all with a song!
The bandages are off and Dave is back with yet another incredible episode of So... You're Canadian with Dave Hill. Mentioned earlier. Anyway, this week Dave chats with musician, author, journalist, host of the new Record Store Day Podcast, man about town and seriously Canadian person Paul Myers.
Listen to The Record Store Day Podcast with Paul Myers which just launched TODAY with very special guest Tony Visconti, wherever incredible podcasts are found.
Dave's new book Parking the Moose is out NOW! Buy it here or wherever incredible books are sold.
New episodes of So... You're Canadian are released every Tuesday on the Maximum Fun Network! Follow Dave Hill's Podcasting Incident on Facebook for updates. Follow Dave Hill on Instagram. Join our incredible weekly newsletter. Chat with listeners at Dave Hill's Facebooking Incident. Visit Dave Hill's website.
When Capt. Lynne Lucero takes command of the USS. Cabot she’s ready to take the universe by ion-storm. But after an introductory round table meeting, she learns one of her science officers—Edward Larkin—may be less of a scientist and more of a ball of meat. Will Larkin’s Tribble theory help feed the hungry? Do we ever find out who’s dumb? Can we please get some Trek PJs in the online store?
It’s the episode that gives you two Benjamins and a hell of a lot of Atoms.
Comedian Kathleen McGee returns to talk gambling, broken phones, and long distance bus rides.
Download episode 605 here. (right-click)
Email us at "spy [at] maximumfun [dot] org"
Phone us at (844)779-7631 (or UGH-SPY-POD1)
Mailing address: Suite 144 - 6362 Fraser St., Vancouver, BC V5W 0A1
216 Alameda Street
Los Angeles, CA 90012
Description
Join us for a live taping of Go Fact Yourself, a game show podcast from J. Keith van Straaten, Jim Newman, and Maximum Fun. Go Fact Yourself features comedians, actors and musicians answering arcane questions on topics they claim to be experts in. But don't worry, if they slip up, there are real experts on hand to give us the facts!
Hosts: J. Keith van Straaten & Helen Hong!
Guests:
3:00pm: Joel Stein & Atsuko Okatsuka!
5:00pm: Special guests TBA soon!
Please note, lineup is subject to change.
Age policy:
Children who are 13 or under are allowed in until 8pm with a parent. People ages 14-20 are not allowed into the venue at all. We apologize for the inconvenience.
Enjoy our most recent show from the gorgeous Kings Theater in Brooklyn, complete with a musical introduction from Lin and a cameo appearance by a guy who we are like — for real now — about 81 percent certain was Matt Doyle.