Dismiss Notice
Please feel free to join our website today! We're happy to help with anything, or maybe just to have a discussion or introduce yourself!
MCDrugs
MCDrugs Forums
Spawn is looking a bit spookier than normal, and the dead have come alive...
For the entire month of October, you can take part in the Halloween Carnage event by killing spooky mobs in spawn. These mobs have a chance to drop a Soul of Fright, which can be traded in at The Witch in front of spawn for Trick or Treat baskets, and soon even more Halloween-themed loot.
However, the dead are reluctant to give up their souls, but the chances can be increased by using Carnage Soul Drop Boosters. These can be purchased from the Halloween section of our store, and can boost the drop rates from 2-4x.
We've also brought back some favourites from previous years' Halloween events, as well as some new stuff. The Halloween Crate is back, including nine seasonal rewards. The Halloween Tag Crate has returned, featuring eighteen spooky chat tags. Halloween Tag Crate keys can be purchased from our store, but Halloween Crate Keys can (currently) only be acquired by opening Trick or Treat baskets.
The Halloween Sale has started on our store, and will run until the end of the month. Check out the deals, as well as the Halloween donator rank prefixes - buying any rank in October, or purchasing the prefix upgrade, will grant you access to use the Halloween-themed VIP, VIP+, MVP, MVP+, and MVP++ rank prefixes for whichever rank(s) you own.
To celebrate going back to school, we wanted to do a special promotion we haven't done before - all drug and vote boosters are currently Buy 1 Get 1 Free for a short time only. Get in quick to boost the prices of drugs for all players on the server.
Click Me to view the boosters store page!
We have a few more things in the works that we are excited to announce soon and are looking at making some big additions in the comming weeks. We're extremely excited about the future of MCDrugs and are incredibly happy with the current state of the server and the community.
We're always looking for feedback, suggestions or otherwise useful or contrustive critisicm.
As always,
Grow, Sell, Excel.
I'd like to start this post by making it very clear that nothing is being reset - nothing is being removed or lost. The new content described below will be in addition to the current farm world.
The addition of the Farm World is one of the largest changes we've made to the server, and we're glad to see how it's been used over the first couple months of the map. Recently, we took a feedback survey for the farm world, and received some very useful responses. With this data, some major changes have been made to the farm world. These changes are our attempt to make the farm world much more welcoming and lessen the gameplay impact of choosing to play there.
New Farm World
- A fresh world is available on /farm. You can get there by doing /espawn while in the Farm world (/farm).
- Like the original world, this new world is completely ocean, however it is natural ocean, meaning there are structures, caves, and lava pools underground. Hopefully this will be a hard counter to the tunneling "meta" that many players have been taking advantage of in the original world.
- The new world has ores and all other resources found in ocean biomes.
- The border of the new world is 8000 in each direction, same as the original world currently is. In the future, the new world's border will continue to expand, while the old one will not.
- Vote Parties will now happen on Farm as well as Spawn/Wild.
- Mob spawning has been enabled in Farm, however spawners will only spawn mobs half as fast as in Wild.
- Kits now work on both servers. The kit cooldowns are separate on Farm from Spawn/Wild, so to keep it balanced we have doubled the kit cooldown time for every kit. The cooldown time is technically the same as before as long as you claim the kit both on Farm and on Spawn/Wild.
- Obsidian now takes 3 TNT hits to destroy instead of 2 on the Farm world....
The Vault
Reveal your inner bank thief, visit the vault and play for your chance to enter the vault. You can find the vault undernearth the Bank on /map. The video above includes a tutorial.
Dog Fighting
Looking for something to do for your first date? Perhaps you have the kids for the weekend? Check out the Dog Fight Arena sponsored by The Lion underneath the casino, which launched this week. You can visit the Family Friendly attraction by typing /df tp.
Page 1 of 24
XenPorta 2 PRO © Jason Axelrod from 8WAYRUN.COM