As Innovative as You Are!
Cerbo is made specifically for functional and direct pay or cash-based practices. We help innovative practices thrive!
Friendly, Powerful, Fast
Created and designed by a busy medical practice, Cerbo is packed with features to make your life easier, so you can spend more time caring for your patients – and yourself!
Amazing Support
We stand behind Cerbo 100%, providing friendly, knowledgeable phone and email support, personalized onboarding and training, and loads of online resources.
Cerbo is a fantastic EHR system. Truly. Well thought out EHR combined with AMAZING customer service makes for a refreshing experience. So glad we made the switch to Cerbo."Dr. Yoshi Rahm, D.O. Oasis Family Medicine
"Cerbo delivers on all levels - incredibly user friendly (or you can say fantastic UX) for physicians, staff and patients, easily customized, and engaging support from the company”Lisa Lichtig, MD
I LOVE Cerbo! This makes my work so much easier, and so much more efficient. I am excited beyond words. I only wish I had found your program sooner!Kat Toups, MD, DFAPA
You guys are so awesome. This is the best system I've worked with in my 17 years of medical office.Sabrina Houseal, Front Office Manager
Medical Records and Charting
All-in-one screen views, powerful templating options, and support for your fully custom prescribable options are a few of the many reasons why charting is just better with Cerbo.Explore Cerbo's Features
Practice Management
Fully integrated practice management tools help you streamline your operations. Enjoy scheduling, automatic email and SMS appointment reminders, online appointment requests, inventory, billing and merchant services – including online billpay and recurring monthly subscriptions – and more!Manage Your Practice
Easy to Use Patient Portal
Styled to match your website, the Patient Portal is a convenient and secure way for patients to send messages, complete questionnaires and consent forms, request appointments, view documents and treatment plans, view and pay invoices, and update their information.Explore the Patient Portal