Faculties
Select a course category
MDIS, A Private School in Singapore
About Us – Offering Private Diploma, Degree and Masters’ Courses in Singapore
Where lifelong learning begins
Founded in 1956, the Management Development Institute of Singapore (MDIS) is Singapore’s oldest not-for-profit professional institute for lifelong learning. Registered under the Council for Private Education (CPE), MDIS is also one of the established private schools in Singapore. MDIS has two main subsidiaries: Management Development Institute of Singapore Pte Ltd to oversee its Singapore academic operations, and MDIS International Pte Ltd to further its globalisation strategy.
Enrol with MDIS for an array of programmes
As the oldest not-for-profit professional institute in the education industry, MDIS offers a range of private diploma courses in Singapore and internationally-accredited degrees and masters programmes. By partnering with renowned universities, students can expect a holistic and global-centric programme here that prepares them for a challenging world. Students can choose a private diploma of their choice from any of following disciplines offered here in MDIS Singapore: Business & Management, Engineering, Fashion & Design, Life Sciences, Languages & Education, Media & Communications, Health & Nursing, Psychology, Technology, Tourism & Hospitality and Safety & Environmental Management.
For additional information, do refer to our contact page.
Studying in Singapore?
Choose MDIS Residences
@ Stirling
Accommodation for International Students
If you are living far from home, securing proper accommodation is an important aspect of preparing for your international studies. Ideally, international students should make accommodation arrangements prior to starting their studies, like private diploma, degree or masters in Singapore. There is a wide range of accommodation options available for those studying in a private school in Singapore. Likewise, the type of accommodation you opt for will depend on your personal budget, among other concerns like travelling time and facilities.
Accommodation Facilities in MDIS - Private School in Singapore
International students can approach MDIS for assistance on the accommodation arrangement. By opting for an accommodation facility in or around the campus gives you the opportunity to fully immerse yourself in the student life here at MDIS.
Students who are studying in Singapore can consider living in MDIS Residences @ Stirling. Students interested in applying for hostel accommodation at the MDIS Residences @ Stirling – a fully-integrated hub with a conducive environment for an all-rounded campus life experience – can download the application form by clicking here.
Latest News
Preview Sessions
Build a Successful Career in Tourism and HospitalityCome join us at MDIS School of Tourism and Hospitality preview session to find out how our courses can help you carve out a successful career in the Tourism and Hospitality industry.