Improve patient outcomes and advance your knowledge.
Choose your discipline to view courses:
Improve outcomes with MedBridge mobile apps.
Get your patients moving with our revolutionary Patient App and access CE courses anytime, anywhere with our Clinician App!Patient App Clinician App
One Place for All Your Needs
Continuing Education
Evidence-based courses, live patient demos, and interactive learning assessments
Home Exercise Program
Thousands of exercises vetted by industry professionals with easy patient access
Patient Education
3D models, animated videos, and handouts customizable to meet your client's needs
MedBridge in the News
Improve Outcomes
We believe education is the most powerful way to improve outcomes. With access to the highest quality continuing education, patient education, and home exercise programs, MedBridge gives you and your patients the tools needed to improve clinical outcomes.
Earn all your CEUs in One Place
We provide the highest quality online education taught by industry-leading professionals. Our evidence-based video courses provide a convenient, cost-effective solution to expand your knowledge, better serve your patients, and advance your career.
- A growing library of over 1600 accredited courses and live webinars across multiple disciplines and specialties
- Engaging presentations with live patient demos, 3D models, and motion graphics
- Case-based learning assessments to test your knowledge and handouts for use in everyday practice
Increase Patient Engagement
Engage your patients in their recovery. Our easy-to-build home exercise programs are an extension of your practice in your patient’s home. Give your patients the tools they need to stay disciplined and get better faster.
- Over 5,000 video-based exercises and 250 patient education resources for different specialties and conditions
- Easy-to-build programs with drag and drop functionality, pre-built templates, and smart search
- HIPAA-compliant online patient portal, mobile app, patient satisfaction surveys, and tools for easy documentation in your EMR
Learn more about Home Exercise Program or Patient Education
Get Your Organization On Board
Hundreds of private practices, hospitals, and skilled nursing facilities use MedBridge Enterprise to fuel their successful training programs and keep their workforce sharp. Our partners love that we make clinical education engaging and accessible for all experience levels.
Thousands of Clinicians Improve Lives With MedBridge
“MedBridge is best-in-class in online education with instructors who are experts in their fields. Their comprehensive courses have definitely taken me to a higher level of practice.”
Paula McElmeel, MOTR/L
“MedBridge is so much more than just a continuing education platform! It is a cornerstone for developing clinical excellence and providing patient education.”
Brian Hoy, PT, CMP, FMSC
Director Of Clinical Operations, Director Of Spine Care
“I use MedBridge daily. It is a huge part of my patient care and professional development… the continuing education is second to none.”
Brett Burton, PT, DPT, ATC, CSCS
Sign up to receive exclusive content from industry leading instructors.
Email could not be subscribed.
Thank you for signing up!