File storage made easy – including powerful features you won’t find anywhere else. Whether you’re sharing photos, videos, audio, or docs, MediaFire can simplify your workflow.
Store and share any file type. Share folders of project files. Easily email large files.
10GB for free. Up to 50GB free with bonuses. Store all your photos, audio, and videos.
Always have your important files with you. Never forget your work at home. View, manage, and share from anywhere.
Every month more than 840 million people use MediaFire to send
and receive files with their friends, family, fans, colleagues, and clients.
We use MediaFire to share the sheet music and audio practice files for our chorus. I can practice along to audio in the car using the mobile app, print the sheet music from my desktop, etc. Easy to use & very helpful to our group.
Perfect for storing all files in the cloud. I’ve used this daily for past year and absolutely love it. Great for saving audio recordings, documents, photos, videos, etc. I’m very happy to have found MediaFire. Thank you, it has really helped me time and again.
I like this service a lot since I work in TV and Film and use it for sending low res effects shots or just collaborating with friends or coworkers. I invested and purchased one of their offered plans but the free one is great too. I say run don’t walk and go have fun with this whether business or just your own convenience!
MediaFire is more than just sharing and storage.
Take a look at the top features to make your life simple and easy.
With up to 50GB of free space, you can use MediaFire to back up all your important files – even your not-so-important ones too.
Make sure your downloads are always available and fast. You’ll never hit a bandwidth or download limit with ad-supported downloads, no matter how popular your file is.
Upload hundreds or even thousands of files at once through any web browser or with our handy apps for Android, BlackBerry, Windows, iPhone, or iPad.
Make it easy to find your documents and files by using MediaFire’s powerful, yet easy-to-use file manager. Upload, copy, move, and control access to your files from anywhere with your desktop or phone.
Keep control of your downloads. Share a file using a free One-Time Link and your recipient won’t be able to share the link with anyone else. It’s perfect for sensitive personal or work documents!
Upload, download, view, and organize your files with ease and simplicity using MediaFire for Android, BlackBerry, Windows, iPhone, or iPad. Whether it’s your music collection, home videos, your resume, or your important work docs, have them in your pocket whenever you need them.Download now in your favorite app store
You demand a service as professional as you are. Whether you’re an avid collector, independent professional photographer, or a large Fortune 500 company, MediaFire Pro brings you the business-class features you need to get an edge on the competition.
More space for big files like video, PDFs, and audio. All the space you need for your mission-critical business files.
A more professional, ad-free experience for your employees and clients.
Save hours of time: skip the download and transfer files directly from any website into your MediaFire storage! Just paste in any link to a file and MediaFire will automatically upload it to your account.
Skip MediaFire.com when sharing files. Download directly from your own website, email, or social network. Stream media files and high-resolution images in your own media players.
With a single click, you can download your entire photo collection, project files, or work documents in one convenient ZIP file.
Control access to your downloads and make sure people don’t share your download links. One-Time Links only let one computer download your file.