MEDtube is the largest eLearning multimedia platform for +200k professionals
Sign up free
sharing +20k videos, courses, images, documents
DaVinci Robotic Right Partial Nephrectomy
This video shows a robotic right partial nephrectomy for right renal cell carcinoma.
Vasectomy
San Antonio urologist, David R. Talley, MD, tells men what to expect before, during, and after a vasectomy.
Minimally Invasive Prostate Procedures for BPH
Dr. Christopher Cantrill from Urology San Antonio discusses new treatments for patients with BPH that are not only effective, but minimally invasive.
Robotic Partial Nephrectomy
In this video, Dr. Lance Hampton of VCU Urology performs a left robotic partial nephrectomy using the daVinci Xi surgical platform.
Harmonic Scalpel During Robotic Prostatectomy
This video demonstrates the use of the Harmonic Scalpel for ligation of the vascular pedicles during robotic-assisted laparoscopic radical prostatectomy (daVinci Prostatectomy). By the use of the Harmonic...
Robotic Excision of Giant Seminal Vesicle Cyst
This video is review and description of Zinner's Syndrome and our approach to robotic-assisted laparoscopic excision of a giant seminal vesicle cyst. This operation was performed by Dr. Lance Hampton...
Laparoscopic Radical Nephrectomy In Kidney Cancer
This medical video presents laparoscopic radical nephrectomy in diagnosed kidney cancer. The condition for performing laparoscopic method is a tumor in T1 and T2 category. That means it is to be below...
Management of Splenic Aneurysms with Stent and...
The video shows the management of splenic aneurysms with stent and splenectomy.
Laparoscopic Repair of a Perforated Duodenal...
The video shows laparoscopic repair of a perforated duodenal ulcer in a Child's Class C cirrhotic patient
Meckel's Diverticulum: Segmental Small Bowel...
The video shows segmental small bowel resection using single port access due to Meckel's diverticulum.
Percutaneous Pin Fixation for Treatment of Distal...
This video shows closed reduction and K-wire fixation for treatment of distal radius fracture. Video by Shirish Karki
Closed Reduction of a Distal Radius Fracture
Animated description of a closed reduction of a dorsally angulated distal radius fracture. Video by ORTHOfilms
Featured channels
European Society of Surgical Oncology
The European Society of Surgical Oncology, ESSO, was established in…
SAGES - Society of American Gastrointestinal...
The Society of American Gastrointestinal and Endoscopic Surgeons (SAGES) is…
Forest Hill Orthodontics
Our practice philosophy is to provide you with the very…
Tribune
- Cutting-edge Surgeries Using Augmented Reality
- The first primates cloned using „Dolly sheep” method
- Is gluten really not responsible for bloating?
- Influence of gut microbiota on the structure of brain and human emotio...
- International Conference of Natural and Medical Sciences, Young Scient...
- Ketogenic diet may increase memory and prolong life
Science
- Measles infection in pregnancy – prevention, complications and post-ex...
- Pregnancy in HCV positive patients
- Pregnancy in HIV positive women in Poland. Review of epidemiological s...
- Review of acne treatment options in pregnancy
- Gynaecological management of sexual assault victims
- Sleep disorders associated with pregnancy – a literature review