Analysis
Only Lebanon can save Lebanon
Something had to give. Decades of corruption and criminal mismanagement by Lebanon’s ruling elites — the same clique who have governed the country since its independence in 1943 — have finally led to an economic implosion and a social explosion. MEI’s Bilal Y. Saab says it’s time for a new beginning.
73rd Annual Awards Gala and Conference
November 12 & 13
MEI's signature event of the year is quickly approaching! Join us for our Awards Gala honoring Lebanese filmmaker Nadine Labaki and philanthropists Othman & Leila Benjelloun. The following day, attend panels and keynote addresses by leading regional experts and policy practitioners at our free, full-day Conference.
Expanding Knowledge, Narrowing Divides
MEI fosters greater understanding of the Middle East through non-partisan policy analysis, educational services, and promotion of regional arts and culture.
Policy Center
A source for non-partisan expert analysis seeking solutions to the region’s most challenging issues
Education Center
Classes, academic resources, and professional development services to foster regional understanding
Arts & Culture Center
D.C.’s only gallery dedicated to contemporary and modern art from the Middle East
Upcoming Events
Attend free, public events at our D.C. headquarters or tune in to our live webcasts
Get Involved
Discover how you can become a part of the MEI community.
Now Open: The MEI Art Gallery
Open weekdays from 10am to 5pm
The MEI Art Gallery features regular exhibits showcasing modern and contemporary art, photography and video from the Middle East.
Subscribe to Updates
Get the latest MEI policy briefings, event notifications, and other updates delivered straight to your inbox.
Leading Regional Expertise
MEI’s scholars draw on deep ties and decades of experience working in the region to build better understanding of Middle East policy.
Research Programs
Led by renowned scholars and regional experts, MEI's policy research programs produce original analysis, convene roundtables and public events, and work to advance understanding of the complexities of regional policy.
Countering Terrorism & Extremism
In-depth analysis into the region’s varied terrorist threats and their underlying drivers, including civil conflict.
Gulf Affairs
Enhancing understanding of the issues facing the six members of the Gulf Cooperation Council who are key political, security, and economic partners for the United States.
Iran Program
MEI’s Iran project provides analysis of Iran’s policies and actions at home and abroad through research, articles, papers, and public and private events.
Middle East-Asia Project
Exploring the multidimensional relations between the Middle East and Asia through scholarly analysis of cross-regional economic, political, security, and social/cultural interactions and their implications.
Afghanistan and Pakistan Studies
Advancing a balanced and realistic understanding of the politics, economy, society and foreign policy of these two countries.
Program on Conflict Resolution and Track II Dialogues
Establishing spaces for current and former officials and experts to engage in problem-solving dialogues in which they discuss emerging political and security trends in the region, resolution of conflicts, and broader issues related to regional security.
Turkish Studies
Seeking to highlight and analyze political, economic, and social developments in Turkey through scholarly research and public events.
Defense and Security Program
Providing rigorous and multidisciplinary analysis of the current and emerging defense and security challenges and opportunities facing the United States and its regional partners.
Egypt Program
Looking at the country's security, economic and political developments. It seeks to examine Egypt’s domestic developments and regional role through research, private roundtables and public events.
What We Do
We seek to promote knowledge of the Middle East in America and strengthen understanding of the United States by the peoples and governments of the region. We believe pursuit of this goal is integral to building a world of peace and stability, in which the people of our two regions value our shared humanity.
Our experts shape diplomatic, legislative, and public discourse through publications, private briefings, testimony, and media.
We provide education and resources to the next generation of global leaders.
Our Center for Arts & Culture promotes a more integrated understanding of the Middle East, forging people-to-people connections and creating a destination for exploring the role of the arts in the region.
We elevate voices from the region in international conversation.
Our international conflict resolution dialogues bring together civil society and political leaders to achieve impact through cooperation both in and outside of the region.