Since launching my membership site, MemberSpace helped me secure over 100 signups and over $4,000 in revenue in just 3 days!
We're like a digital bouncer for your website. You choose which existing pages & content on your website are for members only and the cost to access. We then automatically enforce those rules for you.
MemberSpace has helped us capture more leads and it's super easy to set up on my website. Can't recommend enough!
What really makes MemberSpace stand out is the service! The team they have is very personable, helpful, and always there.
There is no limit to the amount of paying or free members you can have. They can be on any number of member plans you offer.
Charge your members a recurring, multiple, one-time, or free payment with an optional trial, sign up fee, billing date, or tax amount.
Unlike other 3rd party logins tools, MemberSpace allows you to fully secure any content (PDFs, videos, mp3s, files) you want.
We try to auto-recover any failed charge, abandoned sign up, or cancellation so you make about 5% more revenue.
Create unlimited free or paid member plans and choose which plans grant access to specific content and member pages.
Create any coupon codes you want, then have your members apply them when signing up for any type of paid member plan.
Whenever you get a new member their email can be automatically added to any MailChimp list you want.
Use Stripe (the best payment gateway in the world) to securely process all payment details for your members.
Use Zapier to connect MemberSpace with almost any other 3rd party (including ConvertKit, Ontraport, and Google Docs).
Integrate a forum (via Muut or Website Toolbox) on any page of your website so members can easily interact with each other.
Integrate an affiliate system (Rewardful, FirstPromoter, or LinkMink) to pay affiliates for any new member referrals they send you.
Integrate a member directory (via Community Box) so your members can see each other's profiles and communicate.
We'll help you migrate (and import members) from any membership platform (including billing details if possible) for free!
Your members can edit their email, update their credit card, view billing history, cancel their member plan(s), and more.
Customize the wording and format of any emails your members receive from you via MemberSpace (e.g. reset password).
Choose when your new members gain access to specific content or member pages - and when they lose access.
You can choose to manually approve every member that signs up before they can access any content or member pages.
Easily change the styling (colors, borders, backgrounds) of the login, signup, account, and payment form members see.
You and your members can access full billing history and even download PDF invoices whenever you want.
After members pay for your member plans, their payment will be deposited into your bank account just 2 business days later!
Your members can upgrade or downgrade plans whenever they want. We'll charge or credit them the correct prorated amount.
When existing members try to view pages or content they don't have access to we'll show them which plan(s) of yours they can join.
View sign up trends across time periods, plus full activity timelines for every member page view, content click, and download.
Collect any information you want from your users during sign up. You decide what is required and what is not.
We use bank-grade SSL encryption to keep all your member logins and member payment information secure.
Choose how much (if any) tax to collect for each member plan you create. The tax will show up as a line item in each billing invoice.
We're compliant with GDPR & SCA regulations and enable you to be compliant with all your members as well.
You can export your full member list and then import it into any 3rd party tool (like ConvertKit) or view it in Excel.
Charge your customers in 100+ major currencies Stripe supports including USD, AUD, CAD, EUR, GBP, CNY, BRL, and JPY.
You can change the default wording for almost any text, link, form, alert, and button your members see via MemberSpace.
You can choose when (or if) your member plans expire which will cut off member's access to your content and member pages.
You can choose to manually add and invite your members so they are not forced to sign up on your website.
You can embed your member login / sign up form on any page, create a pop up, or have it appear on all pages by default.
Your members can log in or create an account using any device they want (phone, tablet, laptop, or desktop).
If you ever have questions - simply live chat, email, or call us. And yes a real person will actually pick up the phone :)
Add MemberSpace to as many websites as you want under one MemberSpace account. You won't be charged extra!
Not only is this platform easy to install and use, but it's backed by an incredibly helpful and friendly staff! I've never worked with such a patient team!
Yes, all member login & billing details are secured using modern SSL encryption.
For any pages and content you want to protect, we have three options:
1) Create Member Pages - the simplest option. Just tell us which existing website page URLs you want to designate as member only. We will automatically redirect any non-member who tries to access these pages. However, there are ways for tech-savvy people to disable the redirect (e.g. disabling JavaScript) which is also true for any other 3rd party membership software.
2) Black out your Member Pages - more secure. Requires you add a small code snippet to each Member Page which will black out the page (for non-members) before they get redirected. The black out will remain even if they disable the redirect. This also helps SEO by sending Google and other search engines a strong signal to not index the page.
3) Add Content Links to Member Pages - most secure. You can protect any PDF, image, mp3, document, HTML, or video (via YouTube, Vimeo, Wistia) on any page for members only. Disabling redirects or blackout codes still won't allow access to Content Links because that is authenticated via MemberSpace's server (unlike other 3rd party membership software that's less secure). You'll also gain analytics to see who interacted with your content and when. We recommend Content Links for any sensitive content such as legal documents.
Yes and we enable you to be compliant for your members too. Learn more here.