Memsource has developed a unique approach to reducing translation costs by combining traditional translation technology with patented AI technology. Before a translation is assigned to a human translator, Memsource identifies content that can be translated automatically.Learn More about AI
Helping global companies translate efficiently
Memsource ranked as the most viable TMS
Access the CSA Research report to learn about the current TMS market and why Memsource is a market leader.
Translation software like Memsource can cut your translation costs by minimizing manual tasks through end-to-end automation. A leaner, faster, and ultimately cheaper translation process is the key to successful global expansion.Learn More about Automation
Salesforce, Zendesk, Sitecore, Marketo, WordPress, Drupal, and AEM are just some of the many out-of-the-box connectors Memsource offers. With over 25 integrations, you can design a translation system that works in harmony with your existing technology.
Memsource is the go-to localization software for those wanting to integrate with third-party applications. Our REST API provides comprehensive coverage of Memsource’s functionality, and a free developer account is available.Learn More about API
WHAT DO YOU TRANSLATE?
Whether you’re a global enterprise, translation company, or translator,
Memsource can help you translate more efficiently.
-
400+
supported languages
-
50+
supported file types
-
24/7
support
-
2 Bn+
words processed monthly
-
200K+
global users
CUSTOMERS
Going from in-house tools to a professional platform has been a game changer. Memsource is a disrupter in its field and shares our passion for tech and customer service.
Localization Manager
DISCOVER MORE
-
CSA Marketflex Report
Know what to expect from TMS market leaders and find out why Memsource is the most viable TMS on the market.Access Report
-
Memsource Translate
Unlock the full potential of machine translation.Memsource Translate
-
Receive our Newsletter
Product updates, education opportunities, and exclusive insights delivered to your inbox.Sign Me Up