Download free pdf notes for the design and the sizing of ventilation kitchen hoods . These notes are important for HVAC engineers who wo...Read More
Air Terminals Selection Catalogues PDF- Titus
Download a collection of air outlets catalogues . We collected the most common air outlets catalogyes pdf and gathered them here for HVA...Read More
All Chillers Selction Catalogues - York, Carrier, Daikin
Chillers catalogues are very important for HVAC design engineer. After calculating the cooling load, you will need to make selection for...Read More
Free Revit MEP Course - HVAC Design Videos
Download Free Revit MEP Course. Tutorial video for HVAC Design on Autodesk Revit software. The course include 7 videos for HVAC systems...Read More
AutoCAD Shop Drawing for Chilled Water HVAC Project
Download shop drawing HVAC project for a pharmaceutical factory. All air conditioning, ventilation works including ductwork, air outlets...Read More
AutoCAD Plumbing Drawings dwg - Layout Plans
Download free AutoCAD drawings for plumbing systems for buildings. The layouts include dog files for domestic water supply, drainage and ...Read More
Duct Noise Calculation Excel Sheet - Sound Attenuation
Duct noise occurs after the HVAC system comes on and the conditioned air begins rushing through the ductwork on its way to being deliver...Read More
HVAC In Healthcare Facilities Course PDF
Download a free PDF course for HVAC in healthcare facilities . The course illustrate the types of HVAC systems in hospitals . It describ...Read More
HVAC Cooling Systems for Data Centers Course PDF
This course presents some of the basic fundamental concepts governing the design of air conditioning systems in today’s data centers...Read More
HydroCalc, The Best Hydraulic Calculation Software for MEP Engineers
MEP WORK introduces a new software, HydroCalc , a comprehensive program for MEP engineers. It is used in fire sprinkler, water mist, chi...Read More
Download Autodesk Navisworks Training Manual PDF
This pdf training manual for Autodesk Navisworks will help you learning the basics of the most widely used software in BIM and modelin...Read More
Download Free DWG To PDF Converter Software
DWG is the AutoCAD drawing file extension, sometimes you need to convert the dwg file into pdf format so as to send it by email or easily ...Read More
Download Air Terminals Distribution Guide PDF
Proper selection of air diffusion devices requires basic knowledge of the mechanics of room air distribution . At the beginning you should...Read More
Duct Reducer Lisp for HVAC Design - AutoCAD LSP
Duct reducer lisp is used in HVAC systems design with AutoCAD. Air distribution systems like rectangular and round duct are designed w...Read More
Branch Duct Lisp for AutoCAD - Free lsp for HVAC Design
Branch duct lisp is for those who design HVAC air distribution systems with AutoCAD. It makes a fillet to the branch duct so as to re...Read More
Subscribe to: Posts ( Atom )