October 23
Sam Jordison on the best and worst of the Booker Prize experience
The Booker Prize (one of the most prestigious literary awards in the English-speaking world) is pay-to-play, and that's not even the worst part, as the publisher of Lucy Ellmann's sprawling and singular Ducks, Newburyport tells us.
"I am happy to report that the New Gallery feels just like the old one."
What’s lost isn’t always lost. Sometimes a researcher sifts through a dark corner of a storage unit and uncovers a forgotten artifact. It’s been happening a lot in Philadelphia, of all places.... Cambridge University fellow Jason Scott-Warren posted on his blog that the Free Library of Philadelphia’s annotated copy of the First Folio was once John Milton’s (previously on the blue). And then a South Philly t-shirt shop found and restored the mannequin (WMMR) from Mannequin (trailer on YouTube). But was it really Emmy? Kim Cattrall tweeted that, no, the mannequin on display was a fake. Dan McQuade unraveled the mystery for Jezebel, which, for one week, took over his life.
Death By Structural Power
OluTimehin Adegbeye, writing for The Correspondent: "People die violent deaths in both the US and Nigeria – why do I fear it there and not here? Where people have little power, they become more vulnerable." [more inside]
Guerrilla Gatherers
Shades of blue
Lapis lazuli is a deep-blue metamorphic rock that has been prized since antiquity for its intense color.
By the end of the Middle Ages, lapis lazuli began to be exported to Europe, where it was ground into powder and made into ultramarine, the finest and most expensive of all blue pigments. It was used by some of the most important artists of the Renaissance and Baroque, including Fra Angelico.
Shades of blue on wikipedia.
Via localstain
By the end of the Middle Ages, lapis lazuli began to be exported to Europe, where it was ground into powder and made into ultramarine, the finest and most expensive of all blue pigments. It was used by some of the most important artists of the Renaissance and Baroque, including Fra Angelico.
Shades of blue on wikipedia.
Via localstain
Why Mordor Failed
Sauron’s hegemonic collapse holds potent lessons for the Trump administration. (Austin Gilkeson for Foreign Policy Magazine) “Oct. 21 is, of course, the 65th anniversary of the U.S. publication of one of the classic examinations of Mordorian strategy. Mordor’s downfall can be traced to three primary failings, all of which the Trump administration is also currently facing. The administration would do well to study the Red Book of Westmarch (now in the public domain), The Notion Club Papers, and other ancient texts related to Mordor.” [more inside]
October 22
TPL upholds decision to host transphobic hate activists
At their board meeting tonight, the Toronto Public Library upheld a decision to allow transphobic hate activist Meghan Murphy to host an event, despite widespread protests from the community, a 6,000 signatory petition spearheaded by authors who will boycott the library, a potential ban from Pride Toronto, and criticism from the mayor of Toronto. [more inside]
I'll Tell You Later
NBC News reporter Adiel Kaplan is no stranger to FOIA requests, and the odd results that they might return. But a recent request of theirs was puzzling, as it included an inexplicably redacted watermelon. (SLTwitter) [more inside]
A New Era in Northern Ireland
Northern Ireland will legalize same-sex marriage and decriminalize abortion. Regulations for free local abortion services will be in place in Northern Ireland by March 31, 2020; same sex marriage licenses on January 13. While abortion was decriminalized in England in 1967 and marriage equality passed in 2013; the legislation did not extend to Northern Ireland. The End of Northern Ireland's Restrictive Laws Won't Undo the Trauma, but It Will Help the Hurt.
Who is the internet: Dril, or Bruce Chatwin?
Chatwin was the internet if we imagine that the internet could be a better version of itself; that it could meet a certain ideal that may well have existed, whether explicitly or in some Platonic heaven, when it was invented was just a few short months after Chatwin’s death, but with which any regular internet user must have long-since grown disillusioned. Dril, by contrast, is a great realist: he gives us the internet as it appears.
South Carolina and Pennsylvania‘a latest attacks on Abortion rights
Both states are considering banning abortion at 6 weeks. In South Carolina, state senators held a subcommittee hearing on Tuesday on House bill 3020, which, like the Pennsylvania bill, would ban abortion after a heartbeat can be detected. On Tuesday, the subcommittee voted to advance the bill to a full committee hearing. The members also voted to strip an exception for rape and incest from the bill. [more inside]
📦
Unpacking [YouTube][Gameplay Trailer] “Unpacking is a puzzle game about moving your possessions into a new home. And by “your,” I mean “somebody else’s.” By unpacking and arranging objects—all of which click and clack oh-so-satisfyingly—you’ll gain “a sense of intimacy with a character you never see and a story you’re never told.” It’ll be out next year.” [via: Kotaku]
Humanity's Incredible Impact on the World's Biomass
Understanding the Anthropocene Extinction From CBC's Quirks and Quarks "But when it comes to animals, there's also been a major shift, from wild to domestic. Milo said our planet now has 20-fold more biomass in domesticated livestock like cows, pigs and sheep than in all the wild mammals — like elephants, caribou and whales — combined. And there are twice as many domesticated birds as there are wild ones"
it is a metaphor
The white bellbird sings its pile driver tune when a potential mate is nearby. It starts facing away from her, and then whips around to blast the loudest, record-setting note right into her face. [SLNYT]
Working With Land
"It's our right to impose ourselves on that land and use that land so it benefits us," Floyd says. "It made sense to turn [the lots] into a community garden because you don't have any fresh food around here." Community gardens beautify urban space, but some seek to transform urban society. (Chicago Reader) Oyster reefs are making a comeback–by protecting coasts from the ravages of climate change (CNBC) “ For birds, soil organisms, small mammals, and bees and butterflies, prairie strips also provide much-needed food and habitat. As the benefits of regenerative practices like these are made increasingly clear, the pressing question has become: What would it take to get more farms to use them?” Planting Native Prairie Could Be a Secret Weapon for Farmers (Civil Eats)
A Convocation of Biological Art
Kate Lacour is a cartoonist and artist whose work is bloody, funny, gross, and beautiful (Content Warning). [more inside]
Oh!
What's the Difference is a mailing list and archive run by Brette Warshaw. Each issue explores the difference between similar things: tomatoes; eggs; pasta; uncooked flesh; salts; Catholic places of worship; law enforcement officers; sandwiches; wetness falling from the sky; Broccolis; and many more
Mats Järlström's fight shows you never cross an engineer
A Swedish engineer's umbrage at a traffic ticket has led to a six-year legal fight and now a global change in the speed with which traffic light signals are timed. [more inside]
The privatization of voting infrastructure
How Amazon.com moved into the business of U.S. elections - "Amazon.com Inc's cloud computing arm is making an aggressive push into one of the most sensitive technology sectors: U.S. elections." [more inside]
And it stoned me
Stones/Water/Time/Breath is a participatory sound art piece composed you can perform anywhere there is a body of water. Composed by experimental musician Dean Rosenthal.
An issue of particular importance to long-term investors
An unprecedented climate change lawsuit against American oil giant Exxon Mobil is set to go ahead in New York. "Exxon's trial on the fraud claims will start on Tuesday and is expected to last 15 days. Former US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who led Exxon for a decade, is among those likely to appear in court." E&E News article. InsideClimateNews article. CBS. [more inside]
YADKCOLSPAC
EVERY YEAR WE GET TOGETHER AND MAKE SALMON FOR TOAST, EVERY YEAR WE GET A CROCKETY BLOAT, EVERY YEAR WE GET DRUNK ON THE DOCKS, AND EVERY YEAR WE HAVE SEX WITH OUR CAPS LOCKS!!!!
October 21
Sound and Motion
Who needs adorable animal antics? You do! You can find little howlers at r/tinyawoos and lots of gamboling at r/Zoomies. [more inside]
Dr. Nalini Nadkarni, spreading life science with Barbies and in prisons
A slingshot and a fishing pole can get you 50-80 feet up, celebrating and exploring the last biotic frontier (NPR article and 8 minute video), just like Dr. Nalini Nadkarni, forest ecologist and a science communicator (The Evergreen State College), and her DIY (ESC) TreeTop Barbies (New York Times). When she's not in the treetops or promoting science and education to young people, she may be bringing life science to prisoners (5 minute TED Talk). [more inside]
The Force Will Be With You ... Always
The latest (and final?) trailer for "Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker"
“blur”
“blur” A man sees his father’s life through blurred photographs. YouTube.
“beat” refers to beatific
Allen Ginsberg on the day after Kerouac died, and on the day of his funeral. Bill Tremblay's poem on the funeral. Jack Kerouac, gone fifty years ago today.
How To Radicalize A Normie
Continuing his series on the Alt-Right Playbook (previously, previouslyer), Ian Danskin now focuses on the means by which the alt-right recruits new members, from bringing them into the fold to leading them down into the depths of the movement. (SLYT)
Why did the Boeing 737 Max crash?
David Perell writes: "The actual story of the 737 Max crash begins with that McDonnell-Douglas purchase in 1997, 21 years before the first accident in late 2018. Unfortunately, media coverage of the crash mostly ignores Boeing’s corporate history. " [more inside]
Cake village
Lynn Nolan explains: “All of the buildings, bar the Miner’s Arms and Eyam Tea Rooms, are made from individual bricks which are no bigger than an inch long. There are lights inside the buildings, which allow you to see the glasses in the pub and the sweets in the shop through windows, which are made out of gelatine sheets.” Lynn spent three months recreating Eyam (pronounced “Eem”) using over 50 different cakes and eight litres of whisky, baked by residents of the Derbyshire village (tinkly music video). How to make a church. Previous constructions include Youlgrave, made out of Christmas cake, icing and marzipan, and Bethlehem, made out of 36 whisky-soaked cakes.
progress of the field of software engineering between 2004 and 2016
Nowadays, professionally, I am extremely conscious of this sort of style choice or convention, trying hard to ensure it's consistent across the team, organization, or better yet with the rest of the broader community. At the time, though, I was programming basically alone, and idiosyncrasies, like this mistaken naming convention, could persist for years. 3500 words from Li Haoyi, "a software engineer, an early contributor to Scala.js, and the author of many open-source Scala tools such as the Ammonite REPL and FastParse," describing a 300-line version of Asteroids he wrote when he was fourteen.
The legal afterlife of Herman Melville's "Bartleby, the Scrivener"
"Bartleby is referred to again and again in court records, where he is not evoked as a signal of ambiguity but reduced instead to pure obstacle: a bad citizen whose intentions cannot be surmised. There is no room in law for something beyond logic, because rational explanation is the key to argument." In I Would Prefer Not To, Your Honor, Daniel Tovrov looks at references in the American judicial system to Herman Melville's infamously noncompliant Bartleby. Bartleby may primarily be referenced as a flattened symbol of insubordination, but he's also present as a symptom of a flattening system. [more inside]
for the utterly preventable harm he said he’d endured
For My Incarcerated Clients, There Is No Winning by Peter Borenstein [The Marshall Project] [more inside]
Portrait of an Inessential Government Worker
Michael Lewis profiles federal government worker Art Allen: “I’ve only thought about one problem in my life,” said Art, with an odd little laugh, which sounded half like a chuckle and half like an apology for speaking up. “Which is how to improve Coast Guard search and rescue.” [more inside]
Raising My Daughter to Be an Octopus Lover
I was thirteen when we arrived in Toronto after leaving Dubrovnik, as Yugoslavia was on the brink of civil war. My parents told me and my sisters that we’d come and stay for a year, until political tensions settled down. They picked Canada because that’s where we could get our papers. They chose Toronto because we know one person there.
...
Somewhere along the way of trying to lose my accent, I lose myself. While learning English, I shed pieces of my old self and language in order to assimilate. I’m not sure when it happens. It takes one move to become an immigrant, but years can pass before you discard bits of your heritage.
...
“Hoba! Hoba!” my daughter screeches, using the short word for ‘hobotnica’—octopus in Croatian. My friend says, “She’s Croatian alright.”
...
Somewhere along the way of trying to lose my accent, I lose myself. While learning English, I shed pieces of my old self and language in order to assimilate. I’m not sure when it happens. It takes one move to become an immigrant, but years can pass before you discard bits of your heritage.
...
“Hoba! Hoba!” my daughter screeches, using the short word for ‘hobotnica’—octopus in Croatian. My friend says, “She’s Croatian alright.”
a contest of storytelling
Around the world, there’s a battle of storytelling about migrants and Muslims. Populists are winning Because it’s a contest of storytelling, the sworn enemies of the populists are people like me: writers and journalists. Truth tellers, writes Suketu Mehta.
"Horrifying and arousing in equal measure."
Someone's been replacing the dustcover of former British PM David Cameron's memoirs with their own far superior version (SL Guardian).
Polls across Canada are open for the 43rd general election
As of 7am Pacific Time, polls are open across Canada for what looks to be one of the closest and least predictable elections in Canadian history, one which, unlike many previous elections, probably won't be decided until the last votes are cast on the west coast. This is as good a time as any to remember that day in 1849 when elite mobs burned down Parliament but were peaceably defeated by the first government in the British Empire to be responsible to a democratically elected Parliament. [more inside]
Hogwarts Is the Best-Known UK Academic Institution in America
For those of a more progressive worldview, however, a nation is also an ideal, the land being merely the body beyond which there is a “soul” of a nation. This is certainly true of Britishness, which has developed into something far more than a physical country, let alone an ethnic group. Britishness has become a sort of idea – and a very profitable one at that. from Harry Potter and the importance of soft power in by Ed West in UnHerd
I tell myself all the time, Let them be crabs, Mary. Let them be crabs.
A self-taught crab enthusiast is doing something remarkable — breeding land hermit crabs in her home.
ATTN:
The Politics of Succession - "Succession is all but overtly inspired by the Murdoch family, whose multi-continental media empire played a crucial role in making Donald Trump's presidency possible." [more inside]
October 20
"I want to say I've really enjoyed our time together."
What happens when a robot that was specifically designed to make its owners love it shuts down?
Jibo is dying.
Jibo is dying.
Looks somethin' like a turnip green, and everybody calls it polk salad
Despite the fact that the kudzu-like Phytolacca americana (Wikipedia) sprouts up all across North America, poke sallet, a dish made from the plant’s slightly-less-toxic leaves, is a regional thing, popular only to Appalachia and the American South. The leaves must be boiled in water three times to cook out their toxins, and, as aficionados will tell you, it’s well worth the extra effort. But if pokeweed is so toxic (DoveMed), why did people start eating it in the first place? In a word, poke sallet is survival food. (Saveur) [more inside]
An instructor of grace or a depraved hooligan
We all know that seagulls are one of the two types of birds. But how much do we really know about gulls? The Seattle Times’ Sandi Doughton takes an in-depth look at gulls and the experts who study them. [more inside]
Thirty Years Of Halo Two
October 20th 2019 marks 30 years since the release of Nine Inch Nails' album Pretty Hate Machine [full album, 48m48s]. Known as Halo Two (the second release in the NIN canon), this album continues to find new fans even today. Side A: Head Like A Hole [video, the single for this track is Halo Three], Terrible Lie, Down In It [video, the advance single for this track is Halo One, the video shoot attracted the attention of the FBI], Sanctified, Something I Can Never Have [more inside]
"A Substantial Payment of Damages"
Trump Writes Unhinged ‘Legal’ Letter Demanding That CNN Pay Him Money (New York magazine) [more inside]
#EQUALPAY, High School Edition
But their protest came at a price: A girls’ high school soccer team in Vermont made a statement in favor of equal pay for men and women in sports during a game on Friday...
The New World
"One way that mass strikes, and even things that look a lot like general strikes, have happened in recent memory is basically a mass wildcat. People get upset and walk off the job, i.e. they vote with their feet. Some union officials may become de facto leaders and be put in a position to negotiate terms (provided the leadership did not oppose the strike action and lose legitimacy in the eyes of the strikers)". A Blueprint toward a general Strike . What is a general strike?
October 19
The Cronenberg future is here
Are you looking for a skin-like case that allows you to pinch your smartphone? Search no more. From the folks who brought you the smartphone with a finger that crawls across the table to stroke your wrist.
Pallmallo Bug
Remember Pizza Rat? Well, New York City has a new uh, mascot: Cigarette Cockroach.