The Metabomb annual reader survey 2019
Help us build a better Metabomb by telling us a little about yourself.
Deck Tier List (Standard) - Saviors of Uldum - October 2019 (Season 67)
Our latest list of the best decks to play in the current meta.
Hearthstone Card Crafting Guide - Top 10 Legendary cards to craft - Saviors of Uldum post-nerf - Hearthstone
Short on dust? We've got the tips you're after.
Call of Duty: Mobile Guide - Everything you need to know
Everything we know so far about the new free to play mobile COD game.
Latest News
And there's a new marksman on the horizon too.
League of Legends - News 16/10/2019
Riot Games is making a spiritual successor to Counter Strike, that's also a bit Overwatch
And it has plenty more in the works too...
Surprise!
All the latest information on periods of maintenance downtime or server issues.
Hearthstone - News 14/10/2019
Blizzard refuses to admit full responsibility for Hearthstone ban - Blitzchung responds
'Every Voice Matters'.
Hearthstone - News 10/10/2019
Hearthstone caster Brian Kibler steps down from Grandmasters role amid Blitzchung controversy
'I will not be a smiling face on camera that tacitly endorses this decision'.
Latest Guides
Call of Duty - Gameplay guides 23/10/2019
Does Call of Duty: Modern Warfare have a Battle Royale mode?
Blackout but better?
Here's how to get your hands on the bow.
A helping hand for playing cross-platform on Xbox, PS4 and PC.
Hearthstone - Gameplay guides 21/10/2019
Deck Tier List (Standard) - Saviors of Uldum - October 2019 (Season 67)
Our latest list of the best decks to play in the current meta.
Call of Duty - Gameplay guides 21/10/2019
Call of Duty: Mobile Weapons Tier List - Best Guns in COD: Mobile
Get yourself kitted out with our COD: Mobile guns tier list.
All the modes are free-to-play too.
Call of Duty
Is there crossplay in Call of Duty: Modern Warfare?
A helping hand for playing cross-platform on Xbox, PS4 and PC.
Call of Duty: Mobile Weapons Tier List - Best Guns in COD: Mobile
Get yourself kitted out with our COD: Mobile guns tier list.
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare (2019) - When is the release date?
Here's when the game launches.
CS:GO
Fnatic reverse sweep Vitality to win CS:GO DreamHack Masters Malmo
They seized a golden opportunity.
Destiny 2
Destiny 2: Mysterious Box quest guide - How to get Black Armory Key and Izanagi's Burden
Where to find the Mysterious Box and complete its quest line in Destiny 2.
Destiny 2: Where to find all Jade Rabbit Statues
Here's where you can find all ten Jade Rabbits on the Moon.
Destiny 2: Shadowkeep guide - Everything you need to know
Everything you need to know about Shadowkeep.
Dota 2
Dota 2's The International 9 reaches staggering £33 million prize pool
And it's still climbing...
Valve reveals huge upcoming changes to Dota Underlords
Heroes, Alliances, Items and more are getting reworked.
Dota Underlords: Tier List (July 2019)
Our regularly updated list of who's strongest and who's weakest in Dota Underlords.
Fortnite: Battle Royale
Fortnite Weapons - New Tier List Ranking for Chapter 2
Absolutely everything you need to know about the best weapons in Fortnite Chapter 2.
Fortnite: Upgrade Benches - How to upgrade your weapons
Our guide on everything to do with Fortnite: Season 2's new Upgrade mechanic.
How to go fishing in Fortnite: Chapter 2
A great oppor-tuna-ty to stop floundering in Fortnite.
Fortnite: Chapter 2 Map - Named Locations and Landmarks
Everything you need to know about the latest map changes in Fortnite.
How to earn Medals and XP to level up in Fortnite Chapter 2
Our guide to getting quick and easy Medals and levels in Fortnite's latest incarnation.
Hearthstone
Deck Tier List (Standard) - Saviors of Uldum - October 2019 (Season 67)
Our latest list of the best decks to play in the current meta.
Resurrect Priest deck list guide - Saviors of Uldum - Hearthstone (October 2019)
The all-new Resurrect Priest is in the meta after Doom in the Tomb - here's our guide on completely stifling your opponents.
Quest Resurrect Priest deck list guide - Saviors of Uldum - Hearthstone (August 2019)
How to climb the ladder with Quest Resurrect Priest in Season 67.
Evolve Shaman deck list guide - Saviors of Uldum - Hearthstone (October 2019)
Our guide to playing the new take on Evolve Shaman in the Doom in the Tomb era.
Secret Highlander Paladin deck list guide - Saviors of Uldum - Hearthstone (October 2019)
Bait and switch your opponents with the newly-updated Secret Highlander Paladin deck, the biggest riser in the Doom in the Tomb meta.
League of Legends
Does Wild Rift have a release date and can I sign up for a beta?
Here's when Wild Rift is likely to launch.
League of Legends' next juggernaut champion is "smokin' hot"
And there's a new marksman on the horizon too.
Riot Games is making a spiritual successor to Counter Strike, that's also a bit Overwatch
And it has plenty more in the works too...
League of Legends: World Championship 2019 guide - Results, Standings and Schedule
Here's everything you need to know about Worlds 2019.
Off-Meta
Legends of Runeterra Keywords guide - what do they mean?
Our in-depth run through of all the Legends of Runeterra keywords, from Fast to Fearsome.
Overwatch
Overwatch Tier List Season 18 (October 2019) - Best hero characters
The second edition of our tier-by-tier evaluation of the Overwatch hero roster for Season 18.
PUBG
PUBG's Nations Cup begins tomorrow, here's how to watch all the action
PUBG's world cup event kicks off very soon.
Patch 30 for PUBG adds Ledge Grab, Deagle, Radio Messages and new vehicle
Plus, gas cans can now be used as ignitable explosives!
PUBG's Erangel overhaul on test servers from June 8th
Official video provides our first look at the upcoming map makeover.