Featured
Microbes in Medicine: A Century of Microbiology at Trinity College Dublin
24 Oct 2019
It is one of the largest microbiology societies in Europe with a worldwide membership based in universities, industry, hospitals, research institutes and schools.
23 October 2019
Microbial Genomics is the Society’s Gold Open Access Open Data journal which publishes cutting edge research into genomic approaches to microbiology. We are currently looking to appoint a Deputy Editor-in-Chief to closely work with the Editor-in-Chief, Professor Kat Holt (Monash University, Australia and London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, UK), on editorial strategy for the journal. The Deputy Editor-in-Chief will be in office for at least three years and will be required to attend an annual Editorial Board meeting, as well as attend two in-person Publishing Committee meetings in London and two teleconferences. When the current Editor-in-Chief steps down, you would take on the role of Editor-in-Chief.
23 October 2019
In this blog, Professor Garry Blakely, from the University of Edinburgh's School of Biological Sciences, discusses carbapenemase-producing bacteria and the importance of surveillance. In August 2019, Professor Blakely attended a Public Health England (PHE) steering group with a number of clinicians and diagnostic staff to discuss the limitations and effects that reporting infections from carbapenemase-producing bacteria could have on healthcare systems.
23 October 2019
Scientists are investigating the potential for bee glue to yield new antimicrobials.
22 October 2019
The Microbiology Society will be hosting the Federation of Infection Societies (FIS) Conference 2019 at Edinburgh International Conference centre between 11–14 November. This year we are delighted to present Collaboration Catalyst, a session aimed at trainee and early career scientists on the first day of the conference.
In August, Professor Garry Blakely attended a @PHE_uk steering group which discussed the limitations and and effects that reporting infections from carbapenemase-producing bacteria could have on healthcare systems. Find out more on our blog: https://microb.io/2PeoJSq@MicrobioSoc
#MGen is looking for a member to become the next Deputy Editor-in-Chief and work closely with @DrKatHolt on editorial #strategy. Find out more and apply now: https://microb.io/32HZgET #SocietyJournalsMatter
@MicrobioSoc