See what's coming up next!
The new Microsoft Edge is here. Want to be one the first to preview what's new? We will continue to update our Insider channels with the latest features, so download now and join the Microsoft Edge Insider community.
Become a Microsoft Edge Insider
Our Insider community played a big role in helping us build the new Microsoft Edge and we're not done innovating. If you want to see what we're working on next, we invite you to download our preview channels and join our community of Insiders. You'll be the first to see new features, and you'll have a chance to engage with the Microsoft Edge team as we develop them. Your feedback and ideas are what help us improve, so we hope you'll join us. Click download to get started!
Making the web a better place for everyone
We adopted the Chromium open source project in the development of the new Microsoft Edge to create better web compatibility for our customers, and less fragmentation of the web for all web developers. We are continuing our commitment to be an active contributor to the Chromium project. To date, we've made more than 1,700 commits, and we look forward to continuing our active engagement with the community in the shared pursuit of making the web better for everyone. To learn more about our contributions, see our Microsoft Edge “Explainers” on GitHub and check out our source code release.
Check out the Microsoft Edge Insider channels
We have three preview channels available: Beta, Dev and Canary. They are available on all supported versions of Windows and Windows Server as well as macOS. The Beta channel is the most stable preview experience, updating every 6 weeks. The Dev channel updates every week and is less stable than Beta but more stable than Canary. Dev is a good choice for those wanting the latest updates within a relatively stable build. If you want to see what we were working on yesterday and get updates daily, then Canary may be the preview channel for you. Installing a preview channel doesn't uninstall the released version of Microsoft Edge, and you can install more than one at the same time. To learn more about the different channels and get started, head over to the download page.
We're listening!
The Microsoft Edge team wants to hear from you. As you use the preview channels, be sure to share your feedback using the send feedback button on the toolbar. You can also join us on the Microsoft Edge Insider Forum or on Twitter @MSEdgeDev. We share regular summaries of the top feedback we're hearing from our insider community, so you can see the most requested features, trending issues, and how your feedback is making an impact on the product. We hope you join our community, if you haven't already, and we look forward to hearing what you think!