Bargain hunters know they can always scare up savings with little time and effort. This one missed our radar by a few days, but there’s still plenty of time to bag the savings before Halloween. King Soopers is offering 13 Scary Days of Deals, through Thursday, October 31. It’s a little tricky because you must download and redeem each day’s digital coupon on the same day — for one day only. A new offer is revealed each day, so you have to be on top of it or you may miss out on frightfully good savings. [Read More…]
This Weekend
Trick Or Treat
Latest Posts
Halloween Night: Get $4 Tasty Treats at Chipotle Mexican Grill
Trick-or-burrito! This annual Halloween offer has become quite the tradition for hungry ghouls, goblins and zombies. It will definitely fill you up before a night of fun, whether it’s trick-or-treating with the family or going to a Halloween party. The savings scare up about 50% off the regular price of an entrée, so it’s definitely worth a stop. Plus, it’s fun to see what other costumes are out there on the big night. [Read More…]
Kids Eat Free at KFC on Halloween
There’s no need to be chicken on Halloween. Okay, maybe, a little with this deal from KFC. If your little goblins are hungry before heading out for a night of trick-or-treating, you’ll want to stop by KFC for some frightfully good family-friendly savings. (The best treat of all is for parents…saving money!) We’ve never seen this offer from the chicken chain before, so that makes it “extra crispy” for a night of frugal fun. [Read More…]
Denny’s: Get Super Slam For $5.99
Denny’s is serving up big savings sure to fill up any hungry bargain hunter. Due to its popularity, the iconic diner is bringing back its Super Slam with two eggs, two bacon strips, two sausage links, two buttermilk pancakes and hash browns — all for $5.99. (The entrée may be $6.99 at some locations.) If you’re feeling fall in the air, upgrade to its seasonal pumpkin pancakes for an additional 49¢. [Read More…]
First Responders Eat For Free at Hooters
There are many ways to thank first responders for their heroic efforts in helping others, but feeding them is probably one of the best and most appreciated. All active first responders, including EMT, firefighters and police officers, in uniform (or with proper ID) eat FREE with the purchase of any beverage at Hooters on Monday, October 28 at participating locations. [Read More…]
Free Pizookie Dessert t BJ’s Restaurant & Brewhouse
Hungry bargain hunters will appreciate the way this cookie crumbles. BJ’s Restaurant & Brewhouse is giving away a FREE Pizookie — the chain’s signature (and very popular) dessert. The offer is valid from October 10 to 24, with any $9.95 food purchase. If you’ve never enjoyed the dessert, the Pizookie is a hot-out-of-the-oven cookie, baked-to-order and topped with vanilla bean ice cream. [Read More…]
107 Free & Cheap Things To Do in Denver This Weekend
Bored on a budget? You’ve come to the right place! Mile High On The Cheap is the answer for Coloradans wanting to live large for less.
Luckily, Denver has much to do and see for frugal families, bargain hunters, savvy seniors and anyone who’s limited on funds — festivals, concerts, movies, workshops, tours, sporting events and more.
And, for weekend planners, we’ve done all the work for you… [Read More…]
Updated! 117 Halloween Happenings On The Cheap
Mile High Cheapskates love this time of the year. The ghouls, ghosts, zombies and witches are flying about the beautiful Colorado skies. Denver, Boulder and all points in between offer an abundance of Halloween activities for kids and adults. You don’t have to wait until October 31 for all the free and low-cost fun, with dozens of happenings filling the days and nights before All Hallow’s Eve. If there are any we’ve missed, email us the details at info@milehighonthecheap.com and we’ll do our best to get them added to the list. [Read More…]
127 Free Things To Do This Week Around Denver
Plan your week on the cheap with this list of FREE events around Denver. The list is updated daily, so check back often. Looking for more FREE and low-cost things to do? Find additional activities on our Mile High Events Calendar, which you can view by day or month.
If you don’t already, keep up with the latest deals, discounts and freebies by signing up for our daily e-newsletter. You can also follow us on Facebook and Twitter. Click on each link for details, as some events may require registration.
Here’s what’s happening this week: [Read More…]
Discounts on Halloween Attractions, Shows and Parties
Want to save money on some of the best Halloween haunts, shows, pub crawls and parties? Below are deals through Groupon and Goldstar for all sorts of spooky things to do around Denver and Boulder. Remember that Goldstar adds on a small service fee, while there are NO additional fees with Groupon. So, when you compare prices, make sure to take that into account. Regardless, both outlets can save you up to 50% off tickets. [Read More…]
This Week’s Holiday Craft Shows, Markets and Fairs
There’s a nip of fall in the air. You know what that means? Craft show season. Sales continue with a handful of shows this weekend, all practically perfect places to find a locally homemade, handmade gift. We have an entire page devoted to upcoming holiday craft shows, markets and fairs in the Denver/Boulder area. It includes an interactive map to help you find the ones closest to your shopping flight path. As always, we call out some of our favorite picks: [Read More…]
‘The Nocturnals’ – Free Storytime Event
In support of Bullying Prevention Month, it’s time to promote kindness, sharing and inclusion. Fabled Films Press partners with bookstore Second Star to the Right for an extra special storytime on Friday, October 25 featuring the acclaimed Grow & Read book series, The Nocturnals. The series engages parents, educators, and children around social-emotional skills such as acceptance, friendship, and empathy in an age-appropriate manner. [Read More…]
A&W Restaurants: 2-For-1 Papa Burger Combo Every Tuesday
Grab a buddy and head to A&W Restaurants for a tasty deal. The restaurant was founded on June 20, 1919 in Lodi, California, with the first mug of Root Beer served at a homecoming parade for World War I veterans. (That makes the chain older than sliced bread — 1919 vs. 1928!) In 2018, consumers chugged 1,109,934 gallons of A&W Root Beer around the world. [Read More…]
McDonald’s: $1 Halloween Treats Pack — 12 Coupons For Free Food
By Bryan 3 Comments
If you find a participating location, please comment below — so fellow readers can track them down, too. Trick-or-hamburger! McDonald’s is offering a frighteningly good deal, perfect for little goblins or ghouls this Halloween…or just as a fall/winter treat for the kids in your life. For $1, get a Halloween Treats Pack with 12 coupons good for about $10 worth of FREE food. Frugal family members might pick up a book or two just to keep on hand for quick after-school or weekend-errand snacks for the little ones, especially because they’re valid through the end of the year. [Read More…]