"Buddies Sal Di Stefano, Adam Schafer, and Justin Andrews meet up for an almost-daily podcast where they break down commonly held misconceptions and share their industry knowledge as trainers, coaches, and gym managers, all with a side of humor. "
Mind Pump is an online radio show/podcast that is dedicated to providing truthful fitness and health information. It is sometimes raw, sometimes shocking and is always entertaining and helpful. Your hosts, Sal Di Stefano, Adam Schafer and Justin Andrews have over 50 years of combined fitness experience as personal trainers, club managers, IFBB fitness competitors and fitness thought leaders.
The fitness world is filled with charlatans and snake oil salesmen pushing the latest and greatest (and sometimes downright dangerous) workout programs, supplements and faux science on the unsuspecting masses. Sal, Adam, Justin and Doug got fed up with the industry marketing to an individual’s insecurities and profiting without any regard for results. They came together and created Mind Pump as a platform to shed the light of TRUTH on health, fitness and a host of other wellness topics. By listening to Mind Pump, you will quickly cut through the fitness world BS and start to understand the absolute fastest way to reach your health and fitness goals.
Watch the video below to find out more about who we are and our core values.
We have created programs for every type of person, designed with specific goals in mind.
Building muscle is the natural result of an adaptive response that ONLY takes place when your body is being SIGNALED to adapt. Without the proper muscular adaptation signals, your body will actually AVOID building muscle and losing weight. Our online training programs are phased into mini-cycles to avoid hitting plateaus that lead to frustration and burnout.
This depends on your individual goals and your experience in weightlifting. Each program has a dedicated page that offers a detailed description. We suggest you look at each one to see which is a good fit for you.CLICK HERE TO SEE OUR PROGRAM OVERVIEW
Bundles contain multiple MAPS programs combined in a synergistic fashion to be used either concurrently or in sequence. All bundles are offered at a discounted rate that will save you hundreds of dollars in the long run. Individual MAPS programs are just one program.
You don't need to take our word for it. Hear why so many people love our MAPS programs.
"I don't think I've been able to get a healthy grasp on food intake and not overtraining until probably this past year. And all of that is attributed to MAPS and Mind Pump...
...For me personally, for the first time in my life, I'm comfortable with myself, happy with myself."
Weekly videos on ALL THINGS health & fitness. We aim to provide you with all of the knowledge you need to lead a healthy & fulfilling life.
Sign up to receive one email per day covering nutrition, resistance training, cardio, health and wellness.
We don't shy away from giving our honest opinion on all of the hottest topics in the fitness industry.
Sign up to receive one email per day covering nutrition, resistance training, cardio, health and wellness.