For CEOs
Take control now in your company and assign tasks easily to employees.Manage company with MiniCRM
For Sales Leaders
Organize your sales team’s work and increase your income with MiniCRM.Increase income with MiniCRM
Sales and marketing tool, the engine of rapid growth.
Connect your MiniCRM to Google Apps, Gmail, Outlook, Office 365, Facebook or your calendar apps to make your daily routine effective and efficient.Integrations, API
Stay up-to-date on your customers and make sales simple and more efficient. Make quality your priority. Store important information about your customers in MiniCRM and automate your work processes.Learn more
Take control now in your company and assign tasks easily to employees.Manage company with MiniCRM
Organize your sales team’s work and increase your income with MiniCRM.Increase income with MiniCRM
Close sales efficiently: automate the follow-up of offers with MiniCRM.Automate sales with MiniCRM
Check reports on email campaigns to see open and click-through rates.Create campaigns with MiniCRM
All customers and tasks automatically organized in one system; accessible anytime, anywhere. Up-to-date system with complete customer history.
Collect subscribers on your website by using web forms. Create filters based on any information available in MiniCRM. Launch newsletter and sms campaigns to custom audiences and see detailed statistics.
Available on PC, notebook, smartphone and tablet. Sync your customers in MiniCRM with the address book of your phone, and manage your tasks in your calendar.
Access MiniCRM directly from GMail. Connect MiniCRM with your unique softwares by using API.Integrations, mobile CRM, API
“By using MiniCRM, it is easy to manage more sales teams because only one system is needed to check them and launch projects.”
Csaba Rácz,
Naspers OCS Hungary Kft. (Árukereső.hu)
“MiniCRM helped us already in the first year in increasing our incomes enormously. We gained a great CRM system.”
István Rácz,
Central Médiacsoport Zrt.
“MiniCRM makes the work more efficient. We have only used it as a marketing tool previously, but now it supports the complete sales process.”
Gábor Decsov,
Hörmann Hungária Kft.