Summary : The story is set during the high economic development...
Last modified items
- Hwarang: The Beginning [K-Drama] (2016) at 10-23-2019
- Well Intended Love [C-Drama] (2019) at 10-23-2019
- Flower Crew: Joseon Marriage Agency [K-Drama] (2019) at 10-22-2019
- Catch the Ghost [K-Drama] (2019) at 10-22-2019
- A Place in the Sun [K-Drama] (2019) at 10-21-2019
- The Lies Within [K-Drama] (2019) at 10-21-2019
- Running Man [Variety Show] at 10-21-2019
- Melting Me Softly [K-Drama] (2019) at 10-21-2019
mahdi
read
korean
mkv
mini mkv
movie
Download
Download Movie
Drama
Korean
Korean Drama
Japanese
Japanese Drama
Chinese
Chinese Drama
comedy
romance
The story is about a man fighting against the selfish and corrupt government to save the ordinary peasants. Iljimae was abandoned by his birth father and adopted by a Chinese couple. He returns to Korea to find his birth family and realizes how unjust the world really is. He watched as his first love, Dal Yi, was wrongfully put to death. Iljimae then vows to help the commoners from the corrupt government officials.
Soon Jin is the eldest daughter of the owner of Jinsim chicken restaurant. After her mother’s death, she is in charge of taking care of her two younger sisters, her father, and the restaurant. To make matters worse, the rival chicken restaurant in town (Woontak) is gaining popularity. Run by the cold-blooded Woon Tak, Soon Jin’s in for a fight to be the best restaurant. Of course, her younger sisters also have their own set of issues as well.
Cha Hong Do suffers from social phobia and has a problem with severe blushing. She does have a strong sense of curiosity and learns from books and the internet. One day, Cha Hong Do’s grandmother dies. Her grandmother was her only contact to the outside world. Cha Hong Do then begins doing housework as a maid, but disguises herself as an elderly woman. Through an incident, she meets a psychiatrist, Ko Yi Suk
i was watching this show myself and i found that episode 2 is episode 3 (and episode 3 is episode 2). file names are wrong. i will tell if other episodes are like that too.
This drama tells the story of a TV series director Cha Yoon Hee (Kim Nam Joo) and a surgeon Bang Gwi Nam (Yoo Joon Sang) after they get married. Things get complicated when Yoon Hee meets her unreasonable mother-in-law Uhm Chung Ae (Yoon Yeo Jung).
Gon (Jang Dong-Gun) is an assassin-for-hire in the United States. A job goes terribly wrong and he begins feeling regret for everything that he has done. He is then hired for a job in South Korea. His next target is a woman (Kim Min-Hee) who recently lost her husband and daughter.
Movie depicts the Battle of Myeongryang which took place October 26, 1597. The battle involved Admiral Yi Sun-Shin, who had only 12 ships under his command, against the Japanese navy which had over a hundred ships.
Soo-Kyo (Yoon Sang-Hyun), Dong-Soo (Song Sae-Byeok), Soo-Geun (Chansung), Hyun-Jung (Lee Ah-Lee) and the youngest sibling (Kim Ji-Min) become a family through their parent’s second marriage. The five siblings get involved in an unexpected case and come to love each other as family.
Hee-Tae met his future wife, Il-Ri, when he worked as a temporary biology teacher at an all girls high school. Il-Ri was a student there. Now, Hee-Tae works as a fishery researcher and spends his days in a typical marriage. One day, he learns that his wife is having an affair with a carpenter. He becomes angry for the first time, but decides to keep his family and wife.
Kimura Takuya returns to Monday nights at Fuji TV as an ordinary salary man, Kindaichi Fumio, who is loved by colleagues and trusted for his ability to protect subordinates. One day, however, things take a 180 degree turn and his life becomes completely flipped upside down. His superiors fix their eyes on him and concoct a plot to bring him down. He is held responsible for a crime he has no recollection of, and is forced to leave his position. More unfortunate events follow as Kindaichi loses literally everything from his cellphone to his home, ending up without a penny in his pocket. Shocked by his losses, he one day meets two children in the park by chance who teach him how to get by without any dependency on money. The greatest thing about Kindaichi’s character is that his character never fails him. He always has a carefree attitude and is driven by those people he meets, who love and support him, not by inflicted pain or grudge against others. Despite being the man who has lost all his possessions, Kindaichi continues to move forward, inspiring his former boss, Moai Kengo, and conservative office co-worker, Nikaido Aya, resulting in a big turning point for each of them. What is it that money can’t buy? What is the most precious thing in life? A man tells the story of finding that “priceless” something in life, through unpredictable turns and twists with a light comedy touch.
A revenge melodrama about a mother (Shin Eun Kyung) from a well-off family who had lost her son to a tragic accident and later her only daughter went missing as well. Her world is turned upside down when she discovers that her daughter was kidnapped by someone from her own family.
A legal drama about team of young and passionate prosecutors who banded together to fight against injustice and oppression that befall weak and poor people. Besides face many hardships from higher authority, they also learn to cooperate and adjust with the clash of different personalities and backgrounds.
The drama is based on the best-selling serial novels by Nonami Asa, about the lives of two ex-convicts after their release from jail. Komoriya Hako took the rap for her first love, and was sent to jail for seven years. Eguchi Ayaka was serving time for killing her abusive husband. The two met in jail and became fast friends. Ayaka drew strength from Hako’s innocence, and regained her will to live. She was released earlier than Hako, as she only had to serve five years, and went on to work at a bakery in Yanaka, Tokyo. Hako’s family had disowned her, and wishes nothing to do with her. She moves into her dead grandmother’s little place in Yanaka. With each other’s support, both Ayaka and Hako start to rebuild their lives. One day, Hako’s brother comes to visit and says to her, “I am getting married, and I wish to have your name removed from the family register”..
An ex-mercenary killer is framed for the murder of a renowned corporate leader. He is accompanied by an ordinary doctor who is desperate to save his abducted pregnant wife, and together they embark on a dangerous 36-hour pursuit.
Da Ran (Lee Min Jung) is a girl who is engaged to the brilliant Dr. Seo Yoon Jae (Gong Yoo). She is going to start her work as a temporary teacher in a school and by accident meet a transfer student from USA named Kang Kyung Joon (Shin Won Ho) and because of some coincidences they get to know each other. Recently Yoon Jae behaved coldly to Da Ran and Kyung Joon finds out how much she suffers so he try to help her improving her relationship with Yoon Jae, but he and Yoon Jae are involved in a car accident and both fall into the river. Yoon Jae trys to save Kyung Joon. In hospital Kyung Joon wakes and find himself in the body of Yoon Jae, as his body is lying in hospital and everybody thinks he is in a coma. The only one whom he can tell that he is not Yoon Jae is Da Ran. How he should act as Yoon Jae and not young Kyung Joon and how Da Ran should behave him from now on?
After experiencing several unsuccessful marriage, Qin Sisi became a single mother. One day, a fortune-teller told her that she needed to look for a man with good fate to change her marriage fate. Coincidently, she met the safety guard Lin Zhongfei. What was happening to both of them? How did the seed of love grow in other people’s odd eyes and laugh?
A family drama about a college student couple who unintentionally becomes parents and realize the true meaning of love and life.Jang Mi (Han Sun Hwa) is an immature mama’s girl who grew without experiencing any hardship in life. Unlike her parents’ will to marry her off to a promising man they choose for her, Jang Mi has the hope to marry someone she falls madly in love with. As she dates healthy and innocent engineering student Cha Dol (Lee Jang Woo), she slowly begins to realize the meaning of love.
Daimon Michiko is a freelance surgeon who does not belong to a university hospital’s medical department. She goes around various hospitals while affiliated with Kanbara Akira’s shady Good Doctors Agency. One day, Michiko is visiting a southern island when she encounters passengers who were injured in a luxury liner accident. One of them is Busujima Ryunosuke, the former hospital director of Teito Medical University’s Third Hospital, which she was sent to at one time. Michiko quickly attends to Busujima. That is when she notices something abnormal. Busujima is later admitted to the National Higher Medical Care Centre, a technologically advanced hospital which the country has staked its prestige on in order to show Japan’s medical technology to the world. He has a huge heart tumour as well as a ruptured hepatocellular carcinoma. There is a big upheaval regarding this surgery at a preoperative conference because a futile power struggle between the factions of Totei University Hospital and Saikyo University Hospital, which represent Japan’s east and west, is intensifying at the centre. This struggle for supremacy has reached the point that it makes even Tendo Yoshihito, the director of the centre, fret. The two factions naturally fight to be in charge of Busujima’s surgery and will not give an inch. Michiko suddenly shows up at this savage conference and boldly declares, “Let me operate. He’s my patient.” However, she gets thrown out unceremoniously. Right after that, the situation undergoes a complete change. The men of both factions hire Michiko and contemplate how to tip the power play in their favour. In the end, Michiko is employed as Busujima’s attending physician. But of all things, the man himself is dead set against being operated by her … … Following her own conviction to save the lives before her and to keep doing this as long as she lives, Michiko pushes on and starts to shake things up again.
Oh Hye Sung met Choi Eom Ji when they were young and didn’t meet her again til they were in high school. However, at that time Eom Ji was the girlfriend of a star baseball player, Ma Dong Tak. Hye Sung pitched a perfect game in his professional debut but injured his arm in the process. Doctors told him that it would be unlikely for him to ever play baseball again. Devastated by what the doctors told him, Hye Sung disappears without a trace to an isolated island to train on a professional baseball team under a coach with very unorthadox methods . After several years of training, Hye Sung returns to find everything has changed.
Yi-Hwan (Lee Min-Ki) is a former professional baseball player. He was involved in fixing games and lost everything. Gang boss Sang-Ha (Park Sung-Woong) runs a money lending business and a gambling location. He makes Yi-Hwan work for him. Meanwhile, Yi-Hwan falls for bar owner Yeon-Soo (Lee Tae-Im).
Six young people with different personalities and different backgrounds move into a boarding house together. What they don’t realize is that it’s not mere coincidence they’re new roommates: it’s all the owner’s doing. A bachelor and a playboy, the owner (Kim Kwang Kyu) recently discovers that he has a child who’s about 24 years old and born in the late summer. Curious as to who his child is, he brings these six young strangers together to find him/her.
Hwarang: The Beginning [K-Drama] (2016)
Oct 23, 2019 by mahdi
Summary : The names of just a few Hwarangs are recorded in...
Catch the Ghost [K-Drama] (2019)
Oct 21, 2019 by mahdi
Summary : “Catch the Ghost” is a romantic investigative...
I Love You, You’re Perfect, Now Change! [HK-Movie] (2019)
Oct 21, 2019 by mahdi
Summary : Since God created human based on his own image, the...
Barrack O’Karma [HK-Drama] (2019)
Oct 20, 2019 by mahdi
Summary : The story follows the supernatural journeys of 10...
Queendom [Music Show] (2019)
Oct 19, 2019 by mahdi
Summary : The concept of “Queendom” revolves around six...
Novoland: Eagle Flag [C-Drama] (2019)
Oct 19, 2019 by mahdi
Summary : Lu Gui Chen is the heir of the nomadic Qingyang...
Novoland: The Castle in the Sky [C-Drama] (2016)
Oct 17, 2019 by mahdi
Summary : In the ancient time, the human honored the winged...
Arsenal Military Academy [C-Drama] (2019)
Oct 14, 2019 by mahdi
Summary : Xie Xiang joins the army in her brother’s...
Leverage [K-Drama] (2019)
Oct 13, 2019 by mahdi
Summary : “Leverage” will tell the story of Lee Tae...
The Lies Within [K-Drama] (2019)
Oct 12, 2019 by mahdi
Summary : “Everyone’s Lies” is about a woman whose...
Coffee & Vanilla [J-Drama] (2019)
Oct 12, 2019 by mahdi
Summary : A love story between Risa Shiroki and Hiroto Fukami....
Along With the Gods: The Last 49 Days [K-Movie] (2018)
Oct 6, 2019 by mahdi
Summary : Hae Won Maek, Gang Rim, and Duk Choon are about to...
Dream High Season 1 [K-Drama] (2011)
Oct 5, 2019 by mahdi
Summary : Dream High tells the story of six students at Kirin...
My Country: The New Age [K-Drama] (2019)
Oct 4, 2019 by mahdi
Summary : Set during the end of the Goryeo period to the early...
The King’s Avatar [C-Drama] (2019)
Oct 3, 2019 by mahdi
Summary : In the multiplayer online game Glory, Ye Xiu is well...