User regularly need to remember many passwords. Security best practices require those passwords to be unique, strong and frequently changed. It’s no wonder enterprise users write them down, stick them to the monitor or just forget them. miniOrange Single Sign-On (SSO) addresses these challenges by significantly reducing clicks and eliminating the need to remember or enter application usernames and passwords.Watch Demo Read More
Identity broker acts as an intermediary which connects multiple service providers with various different identity providers. Using miniOrange Identity Broker (Gateway), you can perform single sign-on (sso) over any applications without the hassle about the protocol it follows. No need to understand or implement complex SSO protocols like SAML, OpenID, OAuth, CAS or any other. Instead, you can just call the HTTP endpoints and access any identities.The important reason why we should use Identity Broker is that it supports Cross Protocol i.e. configuring Service Provider following a particular protocol with an Identity Provider following some different protocol.Watch Demo Read More
Multi-factor authentication validates user identity with passwords and an additional layer of authentication (e.g. OTP over SMS/Email). This provides greater identity assurance of a user who is accessing any resource. With multi-factor enabled on your system, it prevents the unauthorized person from accessing the resources even they know your username and password.Watch DemoRead More
Using Adaptive Authentication, you can protect your company’s applications and data. It allows you to give employees and customers a seamless way to access the tools they need. miniOrange Adaptive MFA uses device, location, time of access and user behavior to minimize the risk of improper data access or loss of information.Watch Demo Read More
User provisioning is the creation, management, and maintenance of an end user's objects and attributes in relation to accessing resources available in one or more systems. Provisioning feature includes automatic create, update and delete operations on user accounts and synchronization of user attributes in services. User provisioning makes life easier for admins because they do not have to manually arrange access for each user.Watch DemoRead More
miniOrange supports in-built directory on the cloud as well as on-premise. miniOrange can also connect with any external directory like AD / LDAP, Google, AWS Cognito, etc. The miniOrange directory services enable user management features such as automatic user provisioning, user-deprovisioning, password management, access levels, automatic user-group assignment and scheduled synchronization of user-data across all directories.Watch DemoRead More
Disclaimer:All corporate logos displayed above belong to respective companies.
Stitch together your On-premise & Cloud based applications and encourage BYOD to fearlessly adopt the future of the ever changing IT landscape while still being secure.Try Now for Free