Mirvish Productions is the premier name in Toronto Theatre, bringing musicals, dramas, comedies and more to the theatre stage for over 50 years.
The Band’s Visit has blown into Toronto like the jasmine scented wind that is a recurring image throughout the show.
The show that starts with the words: “Once, not long ago, a group of musicians came to Israel from Egypt. You probably didn’t hear about it. It wasn’t that important.” The self-deprecating humour of this sets the tone for the entire show.
Producer Jeffrey Seller and David Mirvish announced that tickets for HAMILTON will go on sale to the public Monday, October 28 at 9:00 AM ET. Tickets will be available at the Ed Mirvish Theatre Box Office (244 Victoria Street) and online at Mirvish.com only.
February 25 to March 1, 2020
By Ron Fanfair, Toronto Police Service
Meeting Chief Mark Saunders at 11 a.m. on October 10 was on David Mirvish’s calendar. The philanthropist, however, had no idea what was on the agenda.
Photo: David Mirvish, Training Constable Richard Cooper, Police Chief Mark Saunders and General Manager for Ed Mirvish Enterprises Russell Lazar.
Within minutes of announcing details of when tickets will go on sale for the Toronto engagement of HAMILTON, online re-selling sites were busy promoting that they had tickets to the show and offering them for sale at highly inflated prices.
(out of 4)
In recent years, Bob Dylan has made a hobby of sculpting with iron.
(out of 4)
Something dark and monumental is happening on the stage of the Royal Alexandra Theatre.
So an Irishman, an Englishman and Bob Dylan decide to collaborate on a musical …
Well, perhaps “collaborate” is the wrong word. While writer/director Conor McPherson and orchestrator and musical supervisor Simon Hale...
Celebrate the holidays with the entire family at The Illusionists – Magic of the Holidays, a mind-blowing showcase featuring jaw-dropping talents of the most incredible illusionists on earth.
The 2019/20 Mirvish Theatre Season is one of the company’s biggest, with 24 different shows in six downtown Toronto venues.
September 17 to December 22, 2019
Based on a true story, Piaf/Dietrich is a musical drama that explores the intimate and entertaining portrait of a fascinating friendship between show business legends that began under the most unlikely of circumstances and lasted their entire lives.
The Tony® and Olivier Award-Winning Best Play Harry Potter and the Cursed Child to have its Canadian Premiere at the Ed Mirvish Theatre in Toronto Autumn 2020.