Free 30-day trial No credit card required
The biggest challenge content marketers face is getting traffic to their blogs. You've clicked 'publish', now what?
The whole process of promoting Content on Social Media is time-consuming and in-effective.
To compound matters, there's a decline in Organic Reach. Only 1-5% of your Social Media Followers will see your Posts.
Most Bloggers fail because they do not dedicate enough time to content promotion.
Missinglettr helps you schedule a year's worth of engaging content within minutes and drive more Traffic To Your Blog.Get Started for Free
Free 30-day trial No credit card required
Missinglettr diligently sits in the background, waiting for you to publish your next blog post.
We’re able to detect new posts irrespective of its length or the platform it’s hosted on. Which means we work with the following platforms and more!
Once you published a blog post, Missinglettr analyzes the content and automatically formulates a series of social media posts that are pre-filled with quotes, hashtags, and images.
All you need to do is review the AI-generated suggestions, make edits if needed and approve.
You can even use the same powerful editor to create single posts, like in any other social media scheduling tool.
Once a campaign is activated, Missinglettr will schedule the approved content in the pre-set time-slots to all your selected social channels.
Currently we support Facebook Pages and Groups, LinkedIn Profiles and Company Pages, as well as Twitter.
Update the templates used to create your campaign content to reflect your local language or writing style.
Need shorter / longer campaigns? Create your own schedules based on duration & post frequency.
Compliment your social campaigns by having Missinglettr re-publish your blog posts on Medium.
Optionally choose to have your campaigns reviewed by clients or anyone else you want to invite.
Shorten your campaign URL's with goo.gl, bit.ly, PixelMe, replug or Short.CM. With more on the way!
Customise your campaign images. Take control of your social brand presence and really stand out.
Download the campaign images we generate, so that they can be used in other marketing initiatives.
Track the number of clicks your campaigns are generating. We help you keep on top of your game.
Missinglettr has taken all the burden and energy out of creating social media posts to promote blog content. Literally a few clicks and a years' worth are scheduled in advance.
Missinglettr has been a pivotal part of our social strategy. I do not know how we would have coped so effectively without it.
Missinglettr has been an excellent tool for moving story links, snippets and images out to social media platforms and driving relevant readership back to my website.
Love using MissingLettr! Makes sharing blog posts so much easier and more efficient.
Thanks to Missinglettr I frequently get new visitors to all my blog posts, not just the latest. It's so easy to set up a new campaign in Missinglettr and then forget all about it and let the software do the rest.
3 important things for business owners are Time, Money & Value. This is an exciting new tool that delivers on all three.
Not only does Missinglettr save time, but we are getting a higher percentage of retweets & favourites.
I did not expect much, but this is the real deal. They are making up better follow-up tweets than I do! Great results!