Step 1: Apply Online
Step 2: College Orientation
Step 3: English & Math Placement
Step 4: Education Plan
Step 5: Apply for Financial Aid
Step 6: Register for Classes
Contact the friendly Enrollment Services staff if you have questions about adding or dropping classes, or filing for pass/no pass.
Other questions? Call 209-575-6789.
The Assessment Testing Office administers tests to help you select appropriate courses or satisfy pre-requisites.
International students should start by visiting our Information for International Students.
ASMJC Student Government
Campus Clubs
Campus Safety
Campus Wi-fi
Career Services
Civic Engagement Project
Computer Labs
Hispanic Education Conference
Info for Undocumented Students
Prime Shine Pirate Express Bus Schedule
Student's Rights and Responsibilities
Title IX Information
Academic Calendar
Academic Divisions
Add a Class
Canvas Student Help
Catalog
Drop a Class
Electronic Add-card
Final Exam Schedule
Gainful Employment
Help Desk
My Class Schedule
Register for Classes
Web Resources
Staff & Faculty Email
Behavioral Intervention Team
Campus Communication & Info
eLumen
Guided Pathways Project
Logos for MJC
Student Conduct Report Form
Committees & Associations
Academic Senate
California School Employees Assoc.
Curriculum Committee
Distance Education Committee
Outcome Assessment
Professional Development Committee
Resource Allocation Council
Yosemite Faculty Association
Technical Assistance
Online Info for Faculty
Help Desk
Purchase Discounted Software
Web Style and Writing Guide
Documents for Faculty
Enrollment Guide for Faculty
Faculty Handbook
Faculty PiratesNet Study Guide
Faculty & Staff Forms
Roster - Download into Excel
Starfish Information
Offices & Departments
College Administrative Services
Instruction Office
President's Office
Research & Planning Office
Vice President of Student Services
Full list of Divisions & Offices
11:00 AM to 12:00 PM - STUDENT CENTER - East Campus Transfer Center Main Area
11:00 AM to 12:00 PM - SIERRA HALL 204
11:00 AM to 5:00 PM - ART 100 - (Gallery)
3:15 PM to 4:15 PM - SCIENCE COMMUNITY CENTER 115
The Modesto Junior College Theatre Department presents Victor Hugo's classic melodrama from October 25 to November 3 in the Performing and Media Arts Center. The subject of many adaptations for stage and screen, The Hunchback of Notre-Dame remains perhaps one of the most romantic yet gripping stories ever told.
Modesto Junior College Agriculture and Environmental Science Division will host the annual MJC Truck and Tractor Pull on Saturday, October 26 in the Agriculture Center for Education (ACE) Pavilion. Gates open at 4:30 p.m. with pulling starting at 6 p.m.
MJC Literature and Language Arts presents a Faculty Spotlight Featuring performances and readings by English Faculty. Please join us Wednesday, November 20 from 6pm to 8pm in Forum 102. A question and answer session and book signing will follow the performance. This is a free, wheelchair accessible event, and open to the public.
The Modesto Junior College Department of Art presents Vintage Leica Film Images of the Street Art of Modesto by James Curl, from October 1 - 24 in the MJC Art Gallery on the East Campus, 435 College Avenue, Modesto. The gallery is open 11 a.m. - 5 p.m., Monday through Friday and admission is free.
This is a thematic concert that will explore an eclectic range of music and conceptual choreographic dances showcasing the dance genres of musical theater, lyrical jazz, contemporary jazz and modern jazz that take the audience on a "Journey to Jam n Jive". Performances are September 25, 26, 27, 28 at 7 p.m.
Come join us this fall semester at MJC west campus, classes start September 9th! Start a new and exciting career in the culinary industry. Register online via: ConnectColumbia, if you are a MJC student, please also submit the Concurrent Enrollment Form. For more information call the Columbia College CTE Division at: (209)588-5142