Your Android, Anywhere
Use your Android from a web browser or desktop
Mobizen - The Life Hub
Select the device to connect with Mobizen Mirroring
Last connect device information
Welcome to Mobizen!
Email password registration (optional)
This password is not related to Google or Facebook.
Did you enter the wrong email?
Email registration
Email registration
Authentication email will be sent to the registered address.
Android mirroring method
How to mirror iOS
- Step 1
- Step 2
- Step 1
- Step 2
- Step 3
- Step 4
- Step 5
- Only screen mirroring is available.
- Screen control is not supported.
- Connect the iOS device to the same Wi-Fi network to the PC to AirPlay.
- Mobizen PC version is only available for Windows OS (Windows 7 or later).
Email password registration complete
In the future, you will be able to log in using your email/password as well as your social accounts.
Payment history
|Purchased period
|Payment date
|Service period
|Price
|Billing details
가상계좌정보
|은행
|입금마감일
|입금 계좌
Payment Information
|Service description
|Payment period
|Payment date
|Service period
|Price
|Payment type
Wireless connect
With the Professional version, users can connect to smartphone on external networks.
Notice: System Maintenance
Mobizen service is temporarily unavailable due to system maintenance,
we apologize for the inconvenience.
Mobizen is launching the Mirroring App
Please connect after installing
the Mobizen Mirroing App.
Thanks you for all your supports, we separate two part of Mobizen mirroring app and mobile record app.
You can use remote control and mirroring service and please install the "Mobizen Mirroring" from the Play Store.
Mobizen Mirroring mobile application update guidance.
Make sure to update the Mobizen Mirroring app first before getting connected.
- Launch Mobizen Mirroring app.
- Press “Ok” on the update notification to proceed with Mobizen app update.
- Log in to www.mobizen.com.
Mobizen Mirroring mobile application update guidance.
Mobizen Mirroring mobile application is updated.
Please login again after update Mobizen Mirroring mobile application from Google Play Store(Androind Market)
Google Play Store
< How to update Mobizen mobile application >
- Excute 'Play Store' appilcation on the mobile.
- Search 'Mobizen Mirroring' in Play Store application
- Choose Mobizen Mirroring Applicaiton and update
- Login again at www.mobizen.com
This browser does not support Mobizen.
Mobizen is compatible with:
Tap, Swipe, Drag – Perfect Android Phone Mirroring
Control your Android as you always have
Mobizen's intuitive design allows you to control your Android as if it were in your hands. Tapping, swiping or dragging with your mouse has never been easier. The best of mobile and desktop experiences have been combined into one with Mobizen.
Connect to your Android anywhere
Connect from either a browser or PC application
Use either a web browser or PC application to continue using mobile apps and accessing multimedia content. Infinitely expand your Android experience with Mobizen Mirroring.
It's Easy to Get Started!
1. Download Mobizen Mirroring from The Google Play Store
2. Download and install Mobizen PC to your desktop
3. Connect to your Android
Sign up for free in less than a minute!
Email signed up through a social account.