Quickly turn ideas into functional prototypes with components, icons, and interactions. Streamline design and validation process without a single line of code.
Create a more connected product design workflow. Bring designers, product managers, and front-end developers to work better and together.
Build available, dynamic and reusable design systems. Establish consistency and predictability across the team. Easy to manage, maintain, share and iterate.
Write, share and update PRD | Add interactions and logic to transform prototypes | Manage design tasks.
Upload designs from Sketch/PS/XD/Axure/Mockplus RP | Collaborate online - share and comment design decisions.
Get product requirements, specs, assets, interactions flows and CSS code snippets without a hitch.
Get access to pre-designed components and icons | Create and reuse design assets and interactions to streamline your design process.
Create interactions, such as Page Link, Components Interaction and Interaction State using drag-and-drop.
8 ways to preview and share prototypes on all devices | Instant preview | View on phone | Export to HTML offline.
Manage all design resources, including brands & components libraries, in one single private cloud.
In full integration with Mockplus RP and Sketch | Reuse, interchange and maintain design resources in one click.
Share design system across team | All changes sync automatically | Export to CSS codes and UI Style Guides lightly.
Product manager
Designer
Front-end developer
Fast design
Fast interaction
Fast testing
All-in-one libraries
Work with design tools
Share and Sync
Design is a team sport. It's essential to get your team on the same page all the time. Mockplus makes your design life much more comfortable. With Mockplus, you can collaborate with your peers in real-time. Review designs together, conduct brainstorming sessions online and create smooth design-development handoff.
Mockplus have simple drag-and-drop options inbuilt to make interactive prototypes for mobile and web. You can quickly preview your screens in your actual device just by scanning a QR-Code. iDocs will help you create a complete design flow and collect and organise style guides, Export style guides in one Click. Overall Very Good Tool.
We are very happy to use Mockplus and iDoc in our courses in UX Design. Our UX Design students are learning the basic of User Research by using this software. It's very easy to use and efficient for Design wireframes and doing research. We really recommend it."
What used to be time-consuming can now be done with the speed of thought, everything is a drag & drop away and with the number of components Mackplus has to offer, you will never feel the need of creating one.
Prototyping is an essential part of the UI design process, and that’s always good to have a simple and effective tool for it. Mockplus is designer-friendly and easy to use. What’s really helpful, it offers the all-platform functionality to prototype for web and mobile. Commonly used interface elements and multiple templates are nigh at hand. The software also supports productivity in the creative process with keyboard shortcuts, auto-filling, and making global changes to a prototype. So, the tool is flexible for a variety of design needs.
Mockplus has transformed the design process, revolutionising the way teams can work together on large and complex projects. But it is more than that. The site is packed with a wide range of help and other resources enabling clients to keep abreast of all that is happening in the world of design.
With Mockplus iDoc, actually no need to be worried about tools during UX process. I like its integrations with other famous tools. I love iDoc since it helps achieve the most effective collaboration inside the team especially if they worked agile, as it keeps everything traceable. The most thing I love is that I don't bother myself to use multiple apps and switch between them.
I started to work as a UI designer two years ago. For me, the most enjoyable part of a designer's work is creating something new; the dullest part is delivering my work. Every time I provide design deliverables. I think that Mockplus iDoc is a fantastic solution for me. Mockplus team did a great job of making the tool more powerful. Keep up good work!
Mockplus and iDoc tool has helped increasing our efficiency in producing designs and collaborative work. It has also made the design specifications, assets hand off smooth and effective.