Join our 114,433 users who have downloaded 177,920 themes.
Add your own functionality
The Power of Premiums
Every premium theme is not only beautifully designed, but also cross-compatible with our FREE Premium Plugins! Your content goes with you if you ever want to change themes.
Free Premium Plugins
Choose your own functionality with ModernThemes widgets, custom post types, and shortcodes. You can even switch themes and keep the same content with our premium plugins. View our plugins.
Agency Designed Themes
Look as good as can be with our new premium themes. Each one is agency designed with modern styles and professional layouts.
Access to Community Forums
Premium themes come with acess to our forums where other members and our support staff help through issues.
Membership Options
We have options to fit every budget. Choose between a single theme, or access to all current and future themes for a year, or forever!
All The Goodies You Can Expect
In Every Free & Premium Theme
Clean & Beautiful Templates
Every theme comes with both standard and unique templates as seen in the demo. Have your site up and running in no time.
Unlimited Color Options
Change the look and feel of your entire theme with the built in color picker right the native WordPress customizer.
Google Fonts Selector
Every theme comes complete with a selection of fonts from the Google library. Easily change them right in the customizer.
Cross Browser Support
We support modern browsers. All themes work with the latest web environments: Firefox, Chrome, Safari, IE 9+, and Opera.
Responsive Framework
Every theme is built with a perfectly fluid responsive framework. Your site will look great on any device or screen size.
XML Sample Content
Want your theme to look just like the demo? We include a sample XML file for you to upload after you install the theme.
SEO Conscious
The most important measure of good SEO is good content. We code our themes to work with content and produce results.
WordPress Best Practices
We follow the guidelines of the Automattic theme team to ensure that our WordPress themes are up to standards.
Free Updates Forever
As WordPress continues to grow and change, you're going to need themes that do the same. Ours are in it for the long haul.
Need Some Help?
Tutorials and Videos
We understand that using WordPress or a new theme can be daunting. We've created a collection of docs to help you. Below you will find our most used tutorials, or see all documentiation.
Getting Set Up
Easy Installation
New to WordPress or installing your own theme? We have a tutorial to help you get your website up and running in no time.
Localization
Fully Translatable
Each theme comes with a .pot which makes theme translation a breeze. Click below and we'll show you how it's done.