The Cloud Hosting & Free CMS Platform That Empowers You
Build, host, and maintain amazing digital experiences your way with MODX.
A Powerful Host For All Your Sites
Blazing Fast. Dead-simple MODX Upgrades, Testing, and Content Staging. GDPR Compliant with US, EU, and APac data centers. MODX Cloud is expertly tuned for MODX—and great for everything else.
Even before I signed up, the support team were on hand to help import the site using their import tool, which worked like magic. The hosting is fast and the administration interface is really nice.
I thoroughly recommend MODX Cloud to anyone who needs to maintain a MODX site.
Aaron Figg, Solentim
The Ultimate CMS For You
Your content management system should never hold you back … or cause problems. MODX CMS supports your creative vision, with no restrictions and no compromise.
As a leading manufacturer for the entertainment industry, we chose MODX as being the most flexible and secure CMS. Our digital agency, STERC, continuously optimizes speed and conversion and they integrated with Exact Synergy to automatically deliver content to our site and sync users.
Marina Prak, Head of Marketing at Prolyte Group
Global Options For Support
From enterprise maintenance to one-time emergencies, our global network of MODX Professionals and vendor backed support mean you’re never alone if you need help.
The team helped us across the board from Conversion Rate Optimization to Ad Spend. Their CRO efforts combined with smart ad spending and intelligent negative filters moved us from losing money, to it being a profit center. Our return on ad spend is now up to 122%, where we previously had been resigned to viewing our online advertising campaigns as a loss leader. We couldn’t be happier!
Allen Stalvey, corganics.com
Create More, Maintain Less
MODX Cloud is for Creators.
Centrally manage all your sites, simplify your team's workflow, and focus more on delivering amazing digital experiences.
Ask About a Free Migration
MODX Cloud makes the tedious automatic and the complex simple.
- Great for any PHP CMS or application
- Best-in-class security & performance
- Support & services from experienced developers
- Free SSL certificates
- Nightly off-site backups
- Dead-simple staging workflow
- Automatic SSH key access