Learning languages gives you freedom to travel unexpected roads with confidence, and nobody gets you talking new languages faster than Mondly.
If you need to learn a language to see something awe-inspiring, Mondly will get you there. But don’t expect to remember a single word once you arrive. Awe’s funny that way.
Today's global economy requires agility and speed. Nobody gets you talking a new language faster than Mondly.
Learning new languages leads to life-long friendships and getting the jokes. And nobody gets you laughing faster than Mondly.
Medical school is tough enough. Learning new languages should be fun and easy. Mondly’s just what the doctor ordered.
FLUENCY... closer than you think
Neural science combines with cutting-edge technologies to get you talking new languages faster than anyone else.
it's faster to learn from your native language
Most language learning apps only let you learn from English. But Mondly goes the extra mile and let’s you learn from any of our 33 languages.
Most language learning apps only let you learn from English. But it's best to learn from your native language, so Mondly allows you to learn from any of our 33 languages. It's not easy to accomplish this, but we feel it’s important.
With 45 million users and counting...
people worldwide agree.
mondlyWORKS
Today’s global economy demands multi-lingual employees. Mondly offers B2B solutions to the challenges of a global marketplace.
Discover more ...
mondlyEDU and mondlyCARES
Mondly's commited to breaking down language barriers between people; and lifting those up that need it the most.
mondlyEDU
Schools across the world are discovering the benefits of supplementing or replacing their traditional language curriculum with Mondly.
mondlyCARES
Nothing holds people back like lack of language. Mondly’s committed to breaking down language barriers between people; and lifting those up that need it the most.
-
App of the YearFacebook FbStart - 2017EMEA Winner
-
Best New AppApp Store - January 2016
-
Editors' ChoiceGoogle Play
-
1,000,000+ customer reviewsApp Store & Google Play
-
A practical approach to language learning likely to be widely adopted.
-
The closest thing to a classroom education
-
The new way to learn languages
-
A lot more fun and easy than just reading flashcards