Monocle Today.
Our top stories
‘“Usually it’s experts or other architects that show the most interest in this type of building but here it’s the staff – because the design is for their wellbeing”’
– Martin Haas, architect, Alnatura Campus
The Monocle Minute
OnSign up to The Monocle Minute and Monocle Weekend Edition
Opinion / Venetia Rainey
What lies in Netanyahu’s wake?
For the second time this year, longstanding Israeli leader Benjamin Netanyahu has been unable to form a coalition government. Whether his rival Benny Gantz will be able to secure a majority instead is uncertain – his Blue and White alliance beat Netanyahu’s Likud by just one seat in September and parliament is heavily divided. Yet for those opposed to Netanyahu, a right-wing hawk who has been in power for 10 years and is currently facing charges of bribery, corruption and breach of trust, the time has finally come when they can wonder: what could a post-Bibi Israel look like?
Monocle events and promotions
The Monocle Cities Series
The first in a series where Monocle pairs up with cities and regions to explore key topics facing mayors, developers, investors and citizens
The Monocle Shop
Products in exclusive runs and produced by the best makers in the world - that's the essence of The Monocle Shop.
One-year plus subscription
Includes 10 issues of Monocle, The Escapist, The Forecast, The Monocle Drinking & Dining Directory and a Voyage tote.
Monocle 24 radio
Featured podcasts and chapters
Darina Allen
For more than three decades, Darina Allen has been tempting would-be chefs from around the world to her renowned cookery school, Ballymaloe. With 19 cookbooks and numerous TV shows to her name, she has gone on to become the face, voice and energy behind a culinary revolution. In conversation with Monocle’s Josh Fehnert, she talks about the importance of farm-fresh produce and why it all starts with a few inches of healthy soil.
Highlights from Monocle 24
All the best bits from Monocle 24, including big-name interviews with UK actors Imelda Staunton and Simon Callow, fashion designer Norma Kamali and wine critic Jancis Robinson.
‘Interview: 50 Years’
We speak to Nick Haramis, editor in chief of ‘Interview’ magazine, about the title’s 50th anniversary and its new book, ‘Interview: 50 Years’. We also head to Frankfurt Book Fair and speak to the founder of ‘Hot Potato’.
Eureka 170: Year & Day
Kathryn Duryea is the CEO and founder of Year & Day, the San Francisco-based tableware company making ceramics, cutlery and glassware. In creating a brand that helps people connect around the table at home, she set out on her own, finding partners in Italy and Portugal to craft the necessary pieces.
Latest Podcasts
On air now
The Entrepreneurs
Folk’s creative director Cathal McAteer founded the streetwear label in 2002 after moving to London from Glasgow. Known for their lush materials, wearable feel and smart details, Folk’s clothes have cult status worldwide. The brand recently launched a low-impact partnership with retail giant John Lewis called It’s All Good Folk.
Latest Podcasts
Wednesday 23 October
Join Monocle’s editors and guests drawn from our unrivalled pool of international commentators, analysts and experts to unpack the issues dominating the day’s agenda. From diplomatic wrangles and border disputes to big business and frontline politics, this is the programme you need to hear to make sense of a dynamic and sometimes volatile world.
Wednesday 23 October
A pacy round-up of the day’s main news stories, anchored from London by a Monocle editor. The show features informed reporting, prescient business analysis and invaluable industry reports covering everything from technology to aviation and retail to media.
Wednesday 23 October
As Benjamin Netanyahu fails to form a government, we ask what’s next for Israeli politics. Plus: the latest on Brexit, Spain’s plans to exhume the remains of its former dictator and the politics behind pattern design.
Monocle Films
Latest Films
Brussels + Antwerp: The Monocle Travel Guide
Belgium had no fashion history until six young designers put their country at the centre of that world in the late 1980s. To celebrate our latest travel guide, we travel to Antwerp to see how the fashion scene has matured.Available now at The Monocle Shop.
Monocle preview: November issue, 2019
Lovely to see you. Let us take your coat. Drink? Welcome to the latest issue of Monocle, which includes a special survey on the art of hosting; find out what to cook, what to talk about and plenty more courtesy of a smart spread of experts. There’s plenty more to enjoy too – consider this your invite to do just that.Available now at The Monocle Shop
Making it in Porto
Portugal’s second city is close to the country’s manufacturing heart and that’s why so many designers have made it their home. We meet some of the bright minds making a mark.
Monocle magazine
Latest issue
Issue 128 ∙ November 2019
This month Monocle’s design-minded collection picks up the thread that runs through the issue: well-made products outlast the fads. And as our collection shows, they can look rather dashing while they’re at it. Plus: how to host the perfect party.
Previous issues
The Entrepreneurs 1
Monocle is launching a brand new annual, The Entrepreneurs. It's packed with fresh takes on finding funding, establishing a niche, starting out and moving on. Under the covers we meet industry leaders, visit the alternative business schools and scour the cities that we think you should move to. Whether you’re looking for inspiration, tips on kitting out your office, advice on scaling up a business or the impetus to start over, this is the magazine for you.
Issue 127 ∙ October 2019
Monocle’s autumn fashion special has arrived. Among numerous stylish features we delve deep into the story of Comme des Garçons, shedding light on how fashion's most idiosyncratic empire is ran. We also find out who owns the weather, pull up a pew with Nicola Sturgeon and preview a season of cultural delights.
Free to read in this issue
Band of brothers
Georgia’s inaugural Tsinandali Festival is not merely a celebration of classical music. It’s also an attempt to bring together musicians in one orchestra from countries with fractious relations.
Close to home
Forget dull hotel rooms and fusty apartments: a group of architects-turned-entrepreneurs are cornering the market in well-designed rentals in South Korea – and beyond.
Monocle Shop
Featured categories and collections
Subscribe to the Monocle newsletters
Sign up to Monocle's email newsletters to stay on top of news and opinion, plus the latest from the magazine, radio, film and shop.
Monocle recommends
Minute & Weekend Edition
Wednesday 23 October 2019
Québec’s election eye-opener, key moment in the Hong Kong protests, taxing replacement homes in Washington and some artistic licence in Tokyo.
The Bulletin with UBS
A new documentary from The Bulletin with UBS brings together three Nobel laureates working with UBS to offer solutions to the challenges of a fast-changing world. Bengt Holmström, Robert Merton and Michael Spence discuss sustainable growth for emerging economies and the future of the millennial generation.