PG&E may shut off power for 993 Monterey County customers Saturday
PG&E announced Friday afternoon that it will begin its latest power shutdown at 6 p.m. Saturday, and customers in Alameda, Contra Costa, Santa Clara San Bruno, Marin and Santa Cruz counties will be affected.
Latest Headlines
Central coast news ...
Soquel Creek water supply project eligible for competitive $50M loan
Active Transportation Plan promises safety, protected routes
PG&E to start next power shutdown at twilight Saturday
Photo | Having a ball on beach
Most Popular
- First locally owned, fleet-based private jet company flies out of Monterey
- Monterey County family proud of cheerleader son as he pursues his dream; lauds his courage
- Former Del Rey Oaks city manager found guilty of felony self-dealing
- PG&E may shut off power for 993 Monterey County customers Saturday
- Monterey County: Recruiting and investing in doctors
- Officials issue warning on opioid overdose increase in Monterey County
- Are you on the PG&E shut-off list? Check your address here
- PG&E admits its equipment may have ignited Kincade Fire in Sonoma
Local News
Calendar of Events: Oct. 24-30
EVENTS Tricks, treats in Pacific Grove: The Pacific Grove Downtown Business Improvement District is sponsoring its 8th annual free trick or treating event from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Saturday October 26 for ghosts and goblins of all ages. Activities include candy, giveaways and specials at participating businesses, music and entertainment and the Pacific Grove Police Department’s Halloween Safety Zone....
Prep Nation
Coaches keys to this weekends game
Coaches keys to this weekends games Establish the run game, play fast and physical on defense, and continue the streak are Soledad coach Eric Rodriguez's keys to Friday's game with Scotts Valley. Marina coach JD Dennis talked about forcing third-and-longs as a key against Harbor, as well as being better up front with its pass blocking. Cut down on our...
Business
Is it fair to blast PG&E for not managing blackouts like its San Diego counterpart?
As Pacific Gas & Electric cuts power to thousands to avoid igniting wildfires, policymakers are comparing it unfavorably with San Diego Gas & Electric, a veteran of preemptive blackouts. Local critics say California shouldn't be so quick to put SDG&E on a pedestal.
Photos and Videos
-
Kevon Looney ‘hopefully’ ready to play in Warriors’ opener on ThursdayLooney played his first full scrimmage on Sunday.
-
-
-
-
-
-
Local Sports
Hartnell-Merced football
Saturday's game Hartnell (4-2) at Merced (3-3), 1 p.m. The Blue Devils have failed to...
Lifestyle
Horoscopes: Oct. 25, 2019
Stick to the bare minimum today Sagittarius, and you won't be sorry.
Opinion
Kurtenbach: It’s one game, but… Why the Warriors’ embarrassing opener can’t be brushed off
The Warriors' terrible start to the season could be a harbinger of things to come...