Buy new luxury watches online
THE PILOT’S CHOICE
A Breitling watch embodies the new age of men’s sports watches. Its designs are unmistakable, its essence spells adventure.
Collections
DEFYING LIMITS
The manufacturer behind the timepiece in the first manned moon landing and the go-to watch for 007, Omega produces robust timepieces that defy all limitations, from the moon and back.
Collections
PRECISION WITH STYLE
Synonymous for racing sports and adventurous bravado, TAG Heuer is a heavy hitter when it comes to the evolution of the modern chronograph.
Regardless of whether you prefer the world’s most prestigious watch brands or exciting newcomers: All our watches are brand-new and come with the full international manufacturer’s warranty.
4.85/5.00
Excellent
9.0/10.0
Excellent
We don’t just sell watches. We live watches. Buckle up for our take on horology and the watch industry. Right this way.
The new Delma Shell Star Bronze has everything you’d expect from a high performance diving watch… and more.
Haute Horlogerie is the quest of combining mechanical mastery and elaborate beauty in one watch. Check out our guide for the best examples.
Jean Marcel watches belong to the thinnest ones out there, while being surprisingly affordable. Swiss tradition meets innovative approaches.
Everything there is to know about Montredo – in under two minutes. Sneak a peek behind the scenes and get to know us and our story.
Everything there is to know about Montredo – in under two minutes. Sneak a peek behind the scenes and get to know us and our story.
Buying luxury watches can be a delicate matter. That’s why we offer you a 30-day return period, insured transport and the full manufacturer’s warranty.
All at the best price.
Uncertain about your next acquisition? Need help finding that perfect watch for that special someone? Worry no more, we’ve been there.
Our customer service specialists are always there for you. They will stand by your side along the entire purchasing process – and beyond.
Uncertain about your next acquisition? Need help finding that perfect watch for that special someone? Worry no more, we’ve been there.
Our customer service specialists are always there for you. They will stand by your side along the entire purchasing process – and beyond.
Welcome to Montredo, the number one pioneering online watch retailer. We have more than 8.000 watches just waiting to be discovered by you.