With history-checked cars and innovative search options, there are many ways Motors.co.uk can help you to find your next vehicle. We list a wide range of new and used cars for sale from trusted dealers, so you can be confident of finding the right car for your needs.
For your peace of mind while searching, nine out of ten cars listed on Motors.co.uk have been given a basic History Check. This checks whether the car has previously been imported, stolen, scrapped or written off.
If you're not quite sure which make and model best suits your needs, our 'Smart Search' is a great way to find your next car. Whether you're searching new or used, simply select the features you'd like from the range of options and our 'Smart Search' will do the rest.
Motors.co.uk works with a nationwide network of trusted new and used car dealers. This means you can search by location and be confident that there is something available in your local area that will suit your requirements.
Selling or buying your next car with Motors.co.uk
Buying and selling your vehicle is now even easier through Motors.co.uk. You can quickly and easily set up your own My Garage account to advertise your vehicle for sale at no cost, and use our free car valuation service, 'Whats Mine Worth?', to find out how much my car is worth. This gives you an instant, no-obligation offer which can also act as a guide to selling for free through Motors.co.uk.
'Ask an Expert' - get the latest know-how from industry experts
Our 'Ask an Expert' library of videos and guides contains top car industry professionals offering their advice and tips the most essential inspection checks, what to look out for during your test drive and how to negotiate the best deal. Plus, have your questions answered in a video Q&A, and a downloadable Buying Guide which includes guidance on making your purchase.
The cars people are buying
Our regularly updated 'What's Hot?' page gives you a detailed breakdown of the trending manufacturers and models over the last few days. On the 'What's Hot?' page, Motors.co.uk details the 10 best-selling cars of the week.
By clicking on an item or other link on the website or Accept, you agree to the use of cookies and other technologies to process your personal data (e.g. a cookie identifier) to enhance and personalise your experience across the eBay portfolio of brands, including Motors.co.uk or third-party advertising tailored to you, on and off our sites. Additionally, third-party companies, who we partner with, may store cookies on your device and use similar technologies to collect and use certain information for advertising personalisation, measurement and analytics.