- Upcoming Events
- October 23, 2019 Behind The Shot: BIRDING IN THE CLOUD FOREST OF WESTERN PANAMA with Tom Bancroft Seattle Program Center
- October 23, 2019 We Are Puget Sound Book Launch Seattle Public Library
- October 26, 2019 Wheelchair Hiking Event Seattle Program Center
- October 28, 2019 Meet The Mountaineers Info Session - Oct 28 Seattle Program Center
- October 29, 2019 Folkdance - Kirkland Peter Kirk Community Center
- October 30, 2019 Return to Mount Kennedy - REI Seattle Screening REI Seatle
Latest Updates from the Blog
An Ode To Fall
Don't shrug Autumn off as just "shoulder season." The weather may be fickle, but there are plenty of opportunities for adventurers to make the most of this time of year.
Leadership Seminar: Five Lessons Learned in a Decade of Guiding - Nov 12
International mountain guide Charlotte Austin will share how she has turned lessons learned into actionable hands-on tools for safe and successful trips. Join us in Olympia November 12, 2019.
Appreciate Every Minute
In this piece from Mountaineer magazine, we chat with super volunteer Tom Eckhout on the impermanence of life and the need to appreciate that which we have around us.
Olympia Branch Winter Open House - Jan 2, 2020
Each winter, the Olympia Branch hosts a special event designed to introduce current and potential members to our community, our courses, and our activities. Bring a friend, co-worker, relative, or neighbor and join us on January 2 for this fun and informative evening with The Mountaineers.
Trail Talk: Better than the 10 Essentials, Pack Plenty of Knowledge on Your Next Hike
In this piece from Mountaineer magazine, local guidebook author Craig Romano discusses the value of knowledge when you're spending time outdoors.
10 Essential Questions: Randy Furnas
Meet Randy Furnas, a scrambler and backpacker who had a whirlwind time on a Global Adventure trip to the Swiss Alps.
- Join
-
Become a part of The Mountaineers, a 13,000+ member community of adventurers - exploring, learning and conserving the Pacific Northwest.
- Donate
-
Your gifts support The Mountaineers efforts to create meaningful outdoor experiences to ensure healthy, active communities and a future for conservation.
-
-
When I joined The Mountaineers, people used to ask me, "Have you ever climbed a mountain before?". I wanted to put this to rest and enjoy the maximum time in the woods. I wanted to break stereotypes by inviting and showing ways for more people to enjoy the outdoors. I enjoy bringing diverse crowds into the mountains to share the awesome outdoors of the Pacific Northwest."
Ananth maniam
- Mountaineers Books
-
More than just books:
Gear, apparel, and more!