Sangkar (2019)
The Angry Birds Movie 2
Red, Chuck, Bomb and the rest of their feathered friends are surprised when a green pig suggests that they put aside their differences and unite to fight a common threat….
Skyscraper
Bodyguards and Assassins
In 1905, revolutionist Sun Yat-Sen visits Hong Kong to discuss plans with Tongmenghui members to overthrow the Qing dynasty. But when they find out that assassins have been sent to…
Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark
The shadow of the Bellows family has loomed large in the small town of Mill Valley for generations. It’s in a mansion that young Sarah Bellows turns her tortured life…
15 Minutes of War
February 1976. Somalian rebels hijack a school bus carrying 21 French children and their teacher in Djibouti City. When the terrorists drive it to a no-man’s-land on the border between…
The Kitchen
The Kill Team
Transit 17
The movie is set in the future, 2026, Europe is no longer the same and separated from the rest of the world after a deadly virus spreads.
Rowdy Rathore
A small-time thug comes across a young girl who claims him to be her father, following which he realizes he has a lookalike who’s being hunted by goons.
Killing Veerappan
A master strategist is appointed following Veerappan’s unabashed spate of crimes and murders. The official puts in place Operation Cocoon, which involves setting up a network of spies and informers.
My Schoolmate, the Barbarian
Kids fend for themselves at a high school with a serious fighting problem.
Saaho
The Perfect Date
Raja the Great
Raja is a blind man who’s trained by his head constable mother to use his disability to his advantage. Lucky is the pampered daughter of a police officer and they’re…
Srimanthudu
Batla House
iSmart Shankar
Shankar is a criminal wanted for the murder of an ex-Minister. While he doesn’t shy from killing for money, what happens when he loses something dear to him?
Hotarubi no Mori e
Abominable
Tazza: One Eyed Jack
Il-chul is one top of his game when it comes to playing poker. One day, he goes after one big score and takes out loans but loses everything and ends…
Kuntilanak 2
Dinda who escapes the Kuntilanak (female vampire ghost) terror, without the agreement of Aunt Donna, intends to meet someone who is believed to be her biological mother, Karmila. Together …
American Assassin
The Furnace
Newlyweds Mary and Matt celebrate Christmas – and their passion for running – with two honeymoon tickets to Africa’s ultimate footrace, The Furnace. Their excitement to race together across the…
Gegar Vaganza Musim 6 (2019) Minggu 02
Gegar Vaganza Musim 6 (2019) Minggu 01
Keluarga Baha Don Season 1 Episode 10
Jo returns from France to attend his father’s funeral only to discover that his father’s will is not as what he expected.
Keluarga Baha Don Season 1 Episode 9
Jo returns from France to attend his father’s funeral only to discover that his father’s will is not as what he expected.
Keluarga Baha Don Season 1 Episode 8
Jo returns from France to attend his father’s funeral only to discover that his father’s will is not as what he expected.
Keluarga Baha Don Season 1 Episode 7
Jo returns from France to attend his father’s funeral only to discover that his father’s will is not as what he expected.
Keluarga Baha Don Season 1 Episode 6
Jo returns from France to attend his father’s funeral only to discover that his father’s will is not as what he expected.
Keluarga Baha Don Season 1 Episode 5
Jo returns from France to attend his father’s funeral only to discover that his father’s will is not as what he expected.