Welcome to our online catalog of movie stillsThe Movie Stills Database is an online community devoted to archiving movie and television stills, promo shots, lobby cards and more. The collection featured on this website currently contains over 860,000 pictures, divided over more than 29,000 movies and 2,500 television shows. If you want to add pictures or would like to help in any other way please join us! You can also find us on Facebook.
DonateWe need a little bit of money to keep this website running. If you make a donation you'll get access to premium features, like downloading HD images, tracking your favorite actors, and filtering images based on multiple criteria. Find out more.
Lobby cardsMovieStillsDB hosts the largest online collection of lobby cards with over 75,000 images. Lobby cards are like posters but smaller, usually 11x14 inch. They are typically issued in sets of eight, each featuring a different scene from the film.
What are you looking for?Search our collection by typing a movie title or actor's name. You can add the release year to narrow results.
Forum
- Martin on 23 Oct in Corrections: "DenverDinosaur: Hi!Just uploaded a photo of and tagged Ron Silver..." Read
- Martin on 23 Oct in Corrections: "I fixed the Dylan Kenin / Dylan Minnette profileI'm not sure what..." Read
- jeffw616 on 23 Oct in Corrections: "Here are a few I need help with.This profile https://www.moviesti..." Read
- DenverDinosaur on 22 Oct in Corrections: "Hi!Just uploaded a photo of and tagged Ron Silver and it changed..." Read
Popular people
Nina Dobrev Autumn Reeser Dee Wallace Terrence Howard Percy Hynes White Jack Davenport Betty White Jon Bernthal Alycia Debnam-carey Ed Helms Seth Rogen Peter Boyle David Harbour Marc Blucas Freddie Highmore Angela Bassett Josh Hopkins Stella Maeve Blake Ritson Lee J Cobb Fredric March Steven Yeun Hannah Spearritt Richard Harris Robin Dunne Brendan Coyle Peter Lorre Matt Leblanc Mel Rodriguez Kate Capshaw
Popular movies
Joker 2019
Avengers: Endgame 2019
It: Chapter Two 2019
Captain Marvel 2019