Petra was very worried about the surgery she'd been prescribed following an accident at home. Before making her decision, she wanted a second opinion. Thanks to her private health insurance, which included the Second Medical Opinion guarantee, she quickly saw another doctor and got all the answers to her questions. The second doctor agreed that surgery was necessary and Petra went to hospital feeling reassured and confident.
Laure and Robert moved to Singapore in 2014 for work - but they ended up starting a family there too! She told MSH that she was pregnant and was amazed by all the support she got. First she received a practical guide on pregnancy (what to do at each stage, medical exams etc.) and then a member of the team called her to explain all her guarantees personally and advise her on the best place to give birth. The day her daughter was born, a gift pack arrived with a growth chart and a baby toy, with all good wishes from MSH. And now there's another one on the way...
Matthieu was hiking in a canyon in Peru when he accidently fell down several meters and fractured his kneecap and elbow: "After 12 days in a local hospital, I was sent back to France where I spent 2 more weeks in hospital and months in physiotherapy" he remembers. Matthieu's hospitalization, repatriation and rehabilitation expenses were all covered by MSH: "Without my private health insurance, it would have been a nightmare: €16,000 for the hospital and €50,000 for my repatriation with two air ambulances - can you imagine?"
Petra was very worried about the surgery she'd been prescribed following an accident at home. Before making her decision, she wanted a second opinion. Thanks to her private health insurance, which included the Second Medical Opinion guarantee, she quickly saw another doctor and got all the answers to her questions. The second doctor agreed that surgery was necessary and Petra went to hospital feeling reassured and confident.
Laure and Robert moved to Singapore in 2014 for work - but they ended up starting a family there too! She told MSH that she was pregnant and was amazed by all the support she got. First she received a practical guide on pregnancy (what to do at each stage, medical exams etc.) and then a member of the team called her to explain all her guarantees personally and advise her on the best place to give birth. The day her daughter was born, a gift pack arrived with a growth chart and a baby toy, with all good wishes from MSH. And now there's another one on the way...
MSH International, a world leader in the design and management of international health and life & disability insurance solutions for globally-mobile individuals and subsidiary of the SIACI SAINT HONORE Group, received, via its subsidiary in Singapore Expat Insurance, the “Singapore Broker of the Year” prize at the Singapore Insurance Asia Awards 2019.
Designed to meet the specific needs of mid-cap/SME/SMI companies, the Business'Expat plan provides comprehensive international insurance coverage for healthcare for globally-mobile employees, as well as life & disability coverage, repatriation assistance, personal and rental third party liability and legal assistance.
(1). Tariff calculated for an 18 years old member going to India for 12 months or more, with a Quartz First'Expat+ contract with a €750 annual deductible. Based on €295.31 per year or €24.61 per month.
(2). Tariff calculated for a 29 years old member going to New-Zealand for 12 months, with a Start'Expat+ (worldwide excluding the USA) cover. Based on €512.90 per year or €42.74 per month.
All FAQs
Find answers to frequently asked questions by customers across the globe