|
Six Sigma Training & Professional Certifications
|
Top Selling Professional Certifications:
Six Sigma Black Belt Professional (SSBBP)® $299.95
Six Sigma Green Belt Certified (SSGBC)™ $199.95
Change Management Specialist (CMS)® $299.95
Corporate Trainer Certified (CTC)™ $199.95
Six Sigma Yellow Belt Certified (SSYBC)™ $99.95
Project Management Qualified (PMQ)® $199.95
View All Professional Certifications View All
The Management and Strategy Institute (MSI) provides Online Certification of Management and Business Skills for individuals who wish to advance their knowledge in business related fields. We specialize in Six Sigma certification programs, however we have a complete line of professional development certifications to meet your professional needs.
The Management and Strategy Institute is an industry leader in professional development certifications. We are an accredited BBB member and our certifications are recognized by industry-leading organizations. Our certification exams are developed by industry leaders and designed to test your fundamental understanding of the subject being tested.
One of our organizations core values is to provide professional certifications in an affordable and convenient manner. We accomplish this by ensuring all certification exams are priced at $299.95 or less. All programs are done 100% online, allowing you to study and test when it is convenient for you. Our pricing includes the certification exam, plus study material for the exam. We also mail you a professional certificate and transcripts once you're certified.
Certifications are a great way to enhance your resumé and fill in any gaps that may prevent you from being hired or getting a promotion. They serve as a differentiator between you and your competition. Because today's job market is so competitive, having skill certifications lets employers know that your skills have been independently tested and verified.
You can complete programs like our Six Sigma Black Belt Certification Online and our Lean Six Sigma Certification online. These can be completed from home or work, whichever is most convenient. Exams can be taken as soon as you are ready, they do not need to be scheduled in advance. Our Six Sigma Training is specifically designed to prepare you for the certification exam. It teaches you the key fundamentals you'll need to understand while working within an organization going through a Six Sigma project. The Management and Strategy Institute is one of the only organizations to offer a Six Sigma Project Simulator in addition to its certifications. This gives you the opportunity to get certified and practice your skills within a simulated project.
Not sure how to get started? We offer a FREE Six Sigma White Belt certification program which will teach you the basics of Six Sigma and what is expected at each belt level. It also gives you a good understanding of exactly how our programs work. Click ENROLL NOW below to see all of our programs and select the certification that's right for you.
One of our organizations core values is to provide professional certifications in an affordable and convenient manner. We accomplish this by ensuring all certification exams are priced at $299.95 or less. All programs are done 100% online, allowing you to study and test when it is convenient for you. Our pricing includes the certification exam, plus study material for the exam. We also mail you a professional certificate and transcripts once you're certified.
Certifications are a great way to enhance your resumé and fill in any gaps that may prevent you from being hired or getting a promotion. They serve as a differentiator between you and your competition. Because today's job market is so competitive, having skill certifications lets employers know that your skills have been independently tested and verified.
You can complete programs like our Six Sigma Black Belt Certification Online and our Lean Six Sigma Certification online. These can be completed from home or work, whichever is most convenient. Exams can be taken as soon as you are ready, they do not need to be scheduled in advance. Our Six Sigma Training is specifically designed to prepare you for the certification exam. It teaches you the key fundamentals you'll need to understand while working within an organization going through a Six Sigma project. The Management and Strategy Institute is one of the only organizations to offer a Six Sigma Project Simulator in addition to its certifications. This gives you the opportunity to get certified and practice your skills within a simulated project.
Not sure how to get started? We offer a FREE Six Sigma White Belt certification program which will teach you the basics of Six Sigma and what is expected at each belt level. It also gives you a good understanding of exactly how our programs work. Click ENROLL NOW below to see all of our programs and select the certification that's right for you.
|
Reviews:
"The MSI certifications have allowed me to get ahead at work. My boss was very impressed when he learned that I took the initiative to get six sigma certified on my own. I'm already applying the concepts and working to reduce waste within our department." - Jennifer P.
"With so many people applying for the same jobs, you really need to find ways to make your resumé stand out. The certifications that I got from MSI were exactly what I needed. The price was affordable and the certifications are respected. I completed the certification in just 3 weeks." - Ramin R.
|
Enhance Your Resumé, Get MSI Certified™
|
Why Choose the Management and Strategy Institute?
- FREE training material included with all certifications
- Affordable and Respected
- Flexible: Training and exam done 100% online
- Competency based: Take the exam as soon as you're ready
- Members nationwide working for top companies
- Professional certificate mailed to you after you pass exam [example]
|
Play
Current Time 0:00
/
Duration Time 0:00
Remaining Time -0:00
Loaded: 0%
Progress: 0%
00:00
0:00
Fullscreen
00:00
Mute
Subtitles
Chapters
Watch our TV commercial here!