Master the
Multiplication
Facts
Now!
Teachers & kids love our:
Games
Premium Membership
Auto-Scored Quizzes
Success for ALL kids
From second grade to high school, special needs to gifted, it works and works fast!
3 Most Frequently Asked Questions
How long will it take to learn the facts?
It really depends on the child’s effort and time spent. Most teachers plan one to three months for multiplication mastery. Using our picture/story method, many students have learned them in less than a week. Plan on three weeks if your child is new to the multiplication facts. After a child has learned the facts, it is important for them to keep practicing for 6 months to a year to anchor them in long term memory.
At what age should a child start?
The range is usually from seven to ten years old, but kids much younger have learned the multiplication facts. Our system has been used very successfully in many middle schools and high schools
Rote memory worked for me. Why won’t it work for my child?
Many adults seem to forget how difficult and time consuming it was to learn the multiplication facts. Rote memory doesn’t seem to work well for most kids. Memorizing the multiplication facts doesn’t have to be difficult and frustrating. Research says the best way to remember is by using visual images and stories. It’s exactly what our system does. It really can be FUN!
Adapts automatically, so kids learn quickly
Automatically monitors and adjusts to individual student needs
Top 5 Reasons People Choose Premium Membership
(Based on the thousands of email messages we receive.)
No Ads (With Premium Membership, all ads are removed - Games and Activities are full screen)
Kids actually WANT to practice the multiplication facts (Kids love the games and activities.)
It works! (Although many parents and teachers are skeptical, when they give it a try they are thrilled with the results.)
Eases the workload (The system corrects and records the quizzes and keeps track of progress during games, activites, and quizzes.)
Success for ALL kids (From second grade to high school, special needs to gifted, it works and works fast!)
Testimonials
Testimonials
What I enjoy most about the Premium Learning System is that it allows me to monitor student progress in real time. Students enjoy it because, with Zippy as a guide and games to entertain them, the program feels more like playing than working.Scott, Third Grade Teacher
Every student benefits from this unique approach to learning multiplication facts. The real strength of this program is the salvation it offers the academically challenged and at-risk learner.Karol, Third Grade Teacher
My son struggled in math last year gradually losing self-confidence. I knew it was because he just didn't know those facts. He has almost completed the program and tests with 100% accuracyDiane, Parent
Engaging
- Funny animated movies
- Exciting games
- Engaging activities
- Multi-player competition
Self-Paced
- Auto-adjusts to ability
- Games adjust to student
- Quizzes monitor capability
- Daily auto fine-tuning
Insightful
- Detail reporting tools
- Intuitive graphics
- Simple yet robust
- Fluency, accuracy, time