District News View All
| First Name
| Last Name
| School
| Felix
| Amable
|Baker Middle…
Columbus, GA - The Muscogee County School District has launched a new school safety tip reporting service that allows students, staff, and parents to submit safety concerns to District administration via phone, text, email, or a website. This service is administered by SafeSchools Alert and allows users to submit reports on bullying, threats of violence, harassment, mental health concerns, weapons, and drug incidents.
Through the SafeSchools Alert mobile app, parents, students, and faculty can quickly submit tips or report incidents 24/7. In addition, users can easily attach videos,…
Sessions will be held as listed below:
- October 23 | 6:30 p.m. | Dorothy Height Elementary, Cafeteria
- October 28 | 6:30 p.m. | Columbus Public Library, Auditorium
- Online magnet applications will open on October 14, 2019.
- The online applications will close at 5:00 p.m., January 17, 2020.
- Each parent and/or student will receive an email regarding his or her application status on February 14, 2020.
- Decisions will include a status of acceptance, wait-list, or denial.
- Middle and high schools will conduct open houses for students and parents to get a snapshot of their programs.
- Open houses will begin October 29, 2019 and conclude on December 17, 2019.
|Muscogee County School District
Middle & High School
Academy/Magnet Open…
We apologize for the inconveniences this lack of connectivity has caused. We are working to address the issue with AT&T. In the meantime, we can be reached through all of our online connections to include email, social media, and our website's feedback section.
Our school phone…
Request to be added to the Public Agenda
REPORT IT
SafeSchools Alert is our district's tip reporting service. If you have information about a threat to our safety, or to report a bullying incident, do your part and report it! And remember, you can remain anonymous.
Submit a report through these easy options:
Or call us our anonymous tip line: 762-583-9079
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.Benjamin Franklin
E-SPLOST Listening Tour
The Muscogee County School District will host a listening tour to present the initial proposed list of E-SPLOST renewal projects. The tours will be held on site at various campuses. All public stakeholders are encouraged to attend, review the list, and provide feedback for the District’s consideration. The items presented are proposed and have not been officially adopted or approved by the Board of Education.
E-SPLOST Listening Tour
The Muscogee County School District will host a listening tour to present the initial proposed list of E-SPLOST renewal projects. The tours will be held on site at various campuses. All public stakeholders are encouraged to attend, review the list, and provide feedback for the District’s consideration. The items presented are proposed and have not been officially adopted or approved by the Board of Education.