Music Xray Is The Industry’s Leading Song & Talent Filter
Over 1,000 Songs & Acts Selected For Opportunities Each Month.
Music Xray Is Trusted By The Industry & Musicians To Identify The Best
An Unclogged Pipeline Enables Deserving Songwriters & Acts To Shine.
Features
- • Over 2000 Available Opportunities Across All Styles & Genres •
- • Automatic Song to Opportunity Matching • Selection Prediction •
- • Detailed Analytics Showing Your Music’s Progress & Traction •
$8,000 payment per track for huge 2020 Movie - ALL Genres required
Brand New Opp - A top film production company is looking for music in a number of genres for one of its major releases to be filmed in the Summer of 2020. The film has massive Hollywood attachments, so this is a HUGE opp. $8,000 per track / partial is waiting for every track that is selected.
The movie is a comedy drama and themes that includes a love story, relationship challenges and break-ups along with scenes of drama, comedy, action, reflection etc.
Music will be heavily featured throughout as a mainstay to the story, plus additional music will also be featured in a bar, shops, a golf club, a bank, a restaurant, a hotel, numerous taxi rides, a nightclub, a bus, multiple cars and in various locations in both urban and rural settings.
We will be considering / selecting tracks with or without vocals plus partials / cues too and also beats and EACH one selected will get $8,000.
We are specifically looking for Rock, Indie, Pop, Hip Hop / Rap, Blues, Jazz, Easy listening, Romantic Ballads, Metal, New Age / World, R&B, Country, Industrial, EDM, Beats, Funk, Classical and Soundtrack. At the end of the day, if a track wows us, no matter the genre, then we will make sure the Music Supervisor on this production personally takes a listen too. Demos are fine as well.
Our number 1 criteria for potential placement in this movie is QUALITY.
So, if you want to receive $8,000 for each track selected then all you need to do is SUBMIT TODAY!
You may have heard this before if you have submitted to us but One Night Stand music will ALWAYS listen to every second of every track you submit (at least once, often more). We genuinely LOVE helping artists – One Night Stand Music exists to help artists – just look at our feedback.
Last two things. This opp is NON exclusive, so you are giving up no rights and we will happily take multiple tracks from the same artists / writers / bands so if you land more than one placement you will get $8,000 PER track / partial included!
Closing date for tracks is 12th of November 2019 – Don’t miss out on this one PLEASE.
- Stuart Cheese / One Night Stand
Garth Brooks Seeking Songs for New Album
Garth Brooks is currently seeking hit singles for his new project. He is accepting guitar and/or piano vocal demos and full production demos. Seeking story songs with a fun and catchy beat and songs with surprise endings. Get yours in today! Have fun with this one! Submit your best track(s) for consideration.
Merf Music is a Music Publishing Business specializing in song placement from Major and Indie Recording Artists to Film and TV and other multi media formats.
- Ray Hamilton - President of A&R - Merf Music Group
Deal Type: Song Placement
Decision Maker: Selected tracks will be pitched for final placement
Deal Structure: Negotiable
Compensation: $75,000 - $100,000
Song Quality: Rough Mixes, Fully mastered, Broadcast ready
Similar Sounding Artists: Brad Paisley, Luke Bryan
Kenny Chesney Seeking Music
Rocking, Uptempo, Fun, Party Songs. Seeking beachy, fun, party songs. Please no ballads! He is looking for next radio single. When submitting, think "Taking your listener on a 3 minute vacation".
Merf Music is a Music Publishing Business specializing in song placement from Major and Indie Recording Artists to Film and TV and other multimedia formats.
- Ray Hamilton / Merf Music Group
Deal Type: Song Placement
Decision Maker: Selected tracks will be pitched for final decision
Deal Structure: Negotiable
Compensation: $75,000 - $100,000
Song Quality: Rough Mixes, Fully mastered, Broadcast ready
Similar Sounding Artists: Brad Paisley, Dierks Bentley, Jimmy Buffet
Success Stories & Feedback
Jeff Blue Music generates almost $100K in Sync Fees for two artists
Jeff Blue Music is very proud to announce that our two new development projects Josh Rowe (Truth Ali) and Riot Child have generated almost $100,000 in synch fees on just a few songs in the last 10 months.
We co-wrote and produced for Josh who we discovered on Music Xray in late 2016. We wanted to combine an alternative approach to rap. In addition to other synchs a song we recorded titled “I See Red” is main title in the new trailer for Molly’s Game featuring Kevin Costner as well as TV shows such as Underground. Check out the trailer for Molly's Game HERE
Riot Child has numerous placements and live performances ranging from FOX TV, LA Fashion Week, the Emmy Parties, festivals, sold out shows from Viper to Echoplex, and numerous major labels circling the group. Riot Child has been added to the Spotify playlist "Woman Crush Everyday" and added to Art Basel Miami 2017 and Desert Days in Joshua Tree 2018.Their vide for the song "Dogs of War" is available HERE
Check out Jeff Blue Music's profile and opportunities HERE
Music Xray Artist Phabo Lands Opportunity with Atlantic Records
Music Xray artist Phabo hit the right note with Atlantic Records’ Vice President Urban A&R Shawn Barron. In an interview earlier this year with SWURV Radio, Phabo mentions his upcoming project, Ratchet & Blues, as well as his “dabbling” into songwriting. Shawn Barron has been working with the the Los Angeles based artist and songwriter on upcoming Atlantic Records cuts.
You can hear Phabo’s song that caught Shawn Barron's attention HERE, as well as his recent project, Far From Phabian, on Tidal, Spotify, Itunes, as well as Soundcloud.
Check out Atlantic Records/Shawn Barron’s profile and opportunities HERE
Artist Archie Thompson Lands Song Placements in Blockbuster hit, and #1 movie in America, 'Tyler Perry's Boo! A Madea Halloween' and hit NBC TV series, 'Timeless'
Music Xray artist Archie Thompson has his song "Funky Pad" placed in the blockbuster hit, and #1 movie in America, 'Tyler Perry's Boo! A Madea Halloween'. He also had his song "Soul Tonic" placed in the hit NBC TV series 'Timeless".
Through Music Xray Mr. Thompson procured a publishing deal with Eddie Caldwell of Music Of The Sea, Inc. He's had numerous placements, and Eddie has continued to pitch his music for a wide variety of opportunities. Mr. Thompson says of Eddie, "He is a consummate professional, and due to his hard work, my music is being heard throughout the world! Big thanks to Eddie, and to Music Xray for providing the platform that enabled me to find a great publisher! Today's music business is incredibly competitive, and I believe it takes a team to achieve widespread success. I couldn't be happier with my working relationship with Music of the Sea."
Congratulations to Archie Thompson and Music Of The Sea on another amazing song placement!
Check out all the opportunities from Music Of The Sea, Inc. HERE
Learn more about Archie Thompson and check out his music HERE