Since 2010 muvac helps candidates and institutions facilitate the application procedure. We can now tell you that we save everyone involved in the recruitment process a huge amount of time, money and effort, that we take customer service really seriously and that we improve the product continuosly. But instead of listening to us, listen to people who use muvac and read what they are saying about us.
What started as a new way to organize orchestra auditions in September 2010 is now the leading platform to recruit people in classical music. During these years we learned everything about how recruitment works in chamber music ensembles like "Henschel Quartett", chamber orchestras like "Die Deutsche Kammerphilharmonie Bremen", academies like "Academy of the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra" and large orchestras like "Gewandhausorchester". In 2019 we released version 3 of muvac and with it come some important changes. The most important are:
We opened the platform for additional institutions (e.g. music schools, universities, competitions) and individuals (professors, soloists) to organize the applications for masterclasses, interviews or competitions.
If for any reason an institution is not allowed to organize the whole application process with muvac, they still can make use of our enormous network of potential candidates and only publish a vacancy.
The most obvious improvement is a completely new interface. Everything was built-up from scratch with more fluid animations, better typography, simpler workflows and optimized for desktop and mobile.
With the release of muvac version 3 we are far away from being done. Actually we just started. With a fantastic team now in place, we are ready to tackle the next challenges that lie ahead of us. By the way, we are building a new product, it's called Klassikal and you can check it out here: www.klassikal.com. If you would like to learn more about Klassikal, drop us a line.More about Team muvac
muvac is an online service that facilitates the application procedure in classical music institutions for everyone involved in the process: the administration, the candidates and the reviewers. No matter if you would like to find the right player for your orchestra / ensemble, look for students to join your academy / university, need a new teacher for your music school, organize a competition or a masterclass: muvac helps you manage the process in a simple and effective way.
If you are looking for players for your orchestra, ensemble, academy or festival, muvac covers the whole process: from publication to receving the applications, the review process, sending of invitations and the generation of all required documents to run the audition. muvac significantly reduces the time and effort that the organization of an audition / interview entails.
More than 4.000 auditions have been organized with muvac, so we are certain that we got you covered. If for any reason you cannot use our application process, you may also only publish your vacancies.
If you organize competitions, you can run the whole application process through muvac: from publication to selection of candidates as well as sending the invitations and getting the lists to run the rounds.
You can decide if you would like to make the competition ad public or hidden, set pre-requisites (e.g. age or country of residence) and configure everything to your liking.
Very soon you will also be able to accept payment (e.g. registration fees (optional)) through muvac.
muvac allows individuals (e.g. professors or soloists) and institutions (e.g. music schools, ensembles or private institutions) to organize the application process for their masterclasses. You can decide if you would like to make the course public or hidden, set pre-requisites (e.g. age or country of residence) and configure everything to your liking.
Very soon you will also be able to accept payment (e.g. registration fees (optional)) for your masterclass through muvac.
If you work for a university or music school and are looking for professors / teachers, you can now run the whole application process through muvac: from publication to receiving the applications, the review process, sending of invitations and the generation of all required documents to run the auditions and interviews. muvac significantly reduces the time and effort that the organization of an audition / interview entails.
To efficiently manage the applications for degree programs in universities, academies or music schools you can rely on muvac. No need to juggle tons of paper that need to be distributed to your professors. muvac helps you to easily organize the whole application and selection process.
muvac will be available for choirs and singer vacancies soon. Are you a choir and would you like to organize your auditions with muvac? Get in touch with us if you would like to be informed when this option becomes available.
If you are an institution and would like to see how muvac works, we would like to offer you a free demo. Contact us to arrange an appointment for a web-presentation.