GET FREE EBOOKS
Free email alerts on high-quality, free ebooks from your favorite retailers. Movie-like rating system for heat, nudity, violence, and swearing. No more guessing!
Check out a few of our most recent discounted and free ebooks
Our free ebook deals include only high-quality books, and they are always content-rated and deeply discounted directly on retailers. There is no better way to find your next favorite author—and signing up is free! See all our many deals here.
How It Works
Book Cave sends you daily emails about discounted and free ebooks that match both the genres and movie-like content ratings you're interested in. Then you download those you want from your regular ebook vendor. Each book is carefully considered so you only receive the highest quality books. There is never any charge to subscribe and you can unsubscribe any time. We hope you'll join tens of thousands of readers who appreciate content-rated books.
Choose the free ebook genres and ratings you'd like to receive from Book Cave.
Choose your preferences
Choose your favorite genres and your level of heat, violence, swearing, and other content.
Get daily email alerts on discounted and free ebooks from Book Cave.
Submit email
Enter or verify the email Book Cave will use to send your discounted and free ebooks.
Get high-quality, free ebooks right to your inbox.
Start receiving deals
Get fabulous free and discounted rated ebooks in your inbox.
Connecting the RIGHT Readers with the RIGHT Books
MBC finds amazing books based on my preferences
"Being in med school, I don't have time to find books I will actually enjoy. Book Cave not only finds amazing books based on my genre preferences but they find books within my poor student price range. Best of all, it’s completely FREE!"
Nicole Law
Better than living next door to a library
"I love Book Cave because it sends rated books right to my inbox. I never have to worry what the characters are going to do because Book Cave tells me what’s in them. And now I finally have enough books. Better than living next door to a library!"
Liana
Keep the books coming!
"I've found so many great books through Book Cave that I wouldn't have found otherwise. It's hard to find quality books, and I've tried other similar sites, but haven't been as happy with their books as I've been with Book Cave!"
Jaquelyn James
Clearest indication of any site I've used
"As an author and reader, I absolutely love Book Cave! It gives the clearest indication of any site I've used, of the qualities of the literature it features. It's great to know whether or not a book is likely to be compatible with my tastes."
Margaret Lynette Sharp
Australian author
Australian author
Book Cave's Daily Free Ebook Deals
Start reading content-rated free ebooks today
Set me up to receive free ebook deals.
You can change your preferences or unsubscribe at any time.