ALL IN ONE SOLUTION FOR EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS
Easy-to-use, cost-effective and flexible range of products
Manage all your students’ examinations, grades, report cards, etc., using our school grade management software. Customize student examinations report cards or maintain uniform report card format as per CBSE standards with our report card software. Maintain grades of every individual student, analyze individual and class performance. Automatic printing of all report cards, auto grade conversion, online/offline grades submission.
Gradebook
Foster effective communication between teachers and parents and improve parent engagement using our school communication software. Our software has an inbuilt messaging system that acts as a connecting bridge and as a reminder system for sending notifications, alerts and user prompt reminders. Develop a constant and uninterrupted interaction between the schools and parents regularly using various entities of our software.
School Messenger
Manage the operations of fee collection and fee receipt generation, accept online fee payment, automate fee receipt entries and printing with our school fee management software. Facilitate electronic transactions between schools and various banks through payment gateway integration. Manage financial budgeting of your entire institution with relative ease. Track all other financial transactions of your institution using our software.
Fee Collections
Administration
A central tool built with a school/college infrastructure in mind to have one stop solution for all their needs including
but not limited to Student Admissions, Transport, HR & Payroll for their various employees, Library Services and various other aspects of the institution.
Streamline the administrative tasks, manage your entire admission process from online enquiries to enrollments, ensure safety and security of students with the GPS bus tracking system,
manage staff recruitments and easy payroll generation, catalog various books in the library, track student and employee attendance using our school administration software application.
Admissions
A comprehensive student admission software enriched with all cardinal features enabling effortless admission process of a school or college beginning with enquiries, online applications and enrollments. Automate the admission process in your school easily under exceptional cases like inter-branch transfers and mid-year joining.
Transport
A complete core solution for many of the concerns that parents face regarding transport. Manage bus routes and stops, student transport data, transport attendance, transport expenses, GPS tracking and vehicle details up to date using our transport management system.
HR & PayRoll
An integrated and flexible HR & Payroll management system designed to manage the entire employee lifecycle. Maintain information on human resource data like staff recruitment, payroll management, staff leaves management, salary generation using this module.
Library
Manage the learning resource center of your school and college with our Library management system software. Our functional features help the librarian in cataloging, circulation, book tracking and article indexing. Maintain a complete record of books issued and returned.
Student Information System
The next generation Student Information System software that works across the entire student lifecycle management and provides real-time access to student information. A powerful web-based student information system that can be fully customized in tune to the institution's specific requirements.
LEARN MORE ABOUT US
Why MyClassboard?
Thousands of students, hundreds of admission queries, piles of attendance sheets and report cards.
MyClassboard application helps school administrators to manage all the clerical tasks involved in running a school
like managing student & staff data, streamlining administrative tasks and maximizing communication between school and parent.
A multipurpose school management software system that empowers schools to manage and monitor the day-to-day operations and functions of every department effectively.
And the best part, our tech support is available 24X7.
“Bridging the gap between school administrators,
teachers, parents and students. Since 2008.”