Comic Books: Buy, Sell, Trade, Consign, Collect
We offer Modern, Bronze Age, Silver Age, and Golden Age comics.
If you're looking for a hard to find back issue, we probably have it. If we don't, add it to your want list and we'll notify you when it's in stock.
This Week's Features
|Doctor Strange: Triumph and Torment TPB (2019 Marvel) Epic Collection 1-1ST
The Master of the Mystic Arts faces Dormammu and takes on a new apprentice. Plus, Strange teams up with Doctor Doom to storm the gates of hell!
|
The Joker
This fall, Joaquin Phoenix gives us a new Clown Prince of Crime on the Big Screen! Be sure to be caught up on all things Joker with these comics, graphic novels, and collectibles.
|Invisible Kingdom TPB (2019 Dark Horse) Berger Books 1-1ST Walking the Path!
On the run after uncovering a conspiracy between the most dominant religion and an all-consuming megacorporation, two women, who couldn’t have less in common, risk plunging the world into anarchy if they reveal the truth.
|A Die Hard Christmas HC (Insight Editions) Book & Plush SET
Is it too early to start celebrating Christmas? Not if you are a Die Hard fan. Celebrate the Holidays with this special Christmas book/plush set of the greatest Christmas movie of All Time!
|Action Comics #1016A
Year of the Villain Tie-In - The Daily Planet is under siege as the streets of Metropolis prepare for a gang war! Guest-starring DC's newest teen sensation… Naomi!
|Amazing Spider-Man TPB (Marvel) By Nick Spencer 5-1ST Behind the Scenes!
Can Mary Jane Save Spidey? Can Boomerang survive the Sinister Syndicate? Who is that mysterious stranger lurking in the shadows? Prepare for more amazing action as Nick Spencer's run continues!
|
Value Packs
Here's your chance to dive into the exciting world of comic collecting at 1980s prices. Not since 1980 have comics been this affordable! You'll receive 3 lbs. of comics, generally about 25-40 comics depending on page count.
|
Gift Codes
Buying for a collector? A MyComicShop gift code is the answer! Gift codes can be used on everything we offer, including our monthly auction!
|Martian Manhunter #9A
In order for J'onn and Diane to uncover all of Charnn's deadly secrets, J'onn will have to perform a Martian thoughtopsy, an extreme telepathic procedure that he might not come back from!
|Batman/Superman (2019 DC) #3A
The Dark Multiverse's most dangerous Bruce Wayne is loose in our world, and he has our world's greatest superhero at his side. Who do you turn to when there's no one to trust?
|GI Joe: A Real American Hero TPB (IDW) 23-1ST Artificial Intelligence!
A hostile takeover turns into a desperate fight for survival when Destro and Baroness are caught in a deadly ambush!
|Marauders (2019 Marvel) #1A
Led by Captain Kate Pryde and funded by Emma Frost and the Hellfire Trading Company, Marauders Storm, Pyro, Bishop and Iceman sail the seas of the world to protect those hated and feared!