10 Best Things to Do with Kids in the Grand Canyon
Ride a bike, take a hike, attend a ranger program, become a Junior Ranger, watch the stars and more things to do with kids in the canyon.
Without the Colorado River, one of the Seven Wonders of the World wouldn’t exist. Digging deep into 1.8 billion-year-old rock, the river revealed ancient history and unlocked thousands of stories while forming the Grand Canyon. Today, the stunning mile-deep canyon is protected as a national park. While people often refer to Grand Canyon National Park as one place, there are actually several distinct areas you can visit including the popular the south rim and quiet north rim. Browse our pages to plan your own personal trip of a lifetime.
Ride a bike, take a hike, attend a ranger program, become a Junior Ranger, watch the stars and more things to do with kids in the canyon.
How do you pack for vacation in this desert climate? Here are the top 21 items to bring along with you to the Grand Canyon.
Drive the iconic stretch of the Mother Road from New Mexico to Arizona, ending with a 3-day Grand Canyon hiking vacation with lodging and meals.
Get ready for adventure. Here are some of our favorite things to do while at the South Rim from biking in solitude to exploring some of the rim’s most historic treasures.
The Grand Canyon has hundreds of miles of hiking trails, most departing from the South Rim Village or the North Rim Village.
What to do and see on your Grand Canyon vacation. Go hiking, ride a train or a mule, raft down the Colorado River, and more.
Visit Riordan Mansion State Historic Park, right in the heart of Flagstaff, and Homolovi State Park, just outside of Winslow.
Descriptions tell you what to expect on the trails from an easy, historic landmark tour to strenuous hikes with 2,000-plus feet elevation changes.
The Grand Canyon was carved out by the Colorado River in northern Arizona in the United States. The northeast end of the Grand Canyon starts at Lake Powell and the city of Page at the Utah-Arizona border. The western end of the Grand Canyon is where the Colorado River empties into Lake Mead at the Arizona-Nevada border.
There are three rims to the Grand Canyon – north, south, and west – with long driving distances between. The South Rim houses Grand Canyon Village and has the most developed attractions. The West Rim is the location of the Skywalk glass bridge. Tusayan, Flagstaff, Page, Kingman, Williams, and Sedona are gateway towns close to the park with many hotels, camping areas, and attractions all their own.
What is the difference between the three rims? Two are in the national park and the third is owned by the Hualapai Nation. And Havasu Falls is in between.
The region to the west of the national park is privately owned and operated by the Hualapai Tribe. It's 242 miles from Grand Canyon National Park visitors center.
Towns in the greater Grand Canyon area are destinations in themselves. These include Tusayan, Williams, Kingman, Flagstaff, and Page.
Most people drive to the park. check out our road trip ideas. If you fly, the nearest international airports include Phoenix, Arizona, Salt Lake City, Utah, and Las Vegas, Nevada. Once you get to the park, you will need a car or tour transportation to get around the more remote park roads. However, the South Rim has shuttles and bike rentals during the high season.
Driving to the Grand Canyon is the ultimate road trip. Here are scenic, adventure-packed itineraries with interactive maps and best places to stop.
Commercial airlines are in Las Vegas, Phoenix, Salt Lake City, and Flagstaff, Arizona. Plus there is limited air service into the Grand Canyon Airport.
If it's adventure, sightseeing and history all rolled into one that you want on your Grand Canyon vacation, then Grand Canyon Railway is your answer.
There are several campgrounds and lodges inside the park. There are also many lodging options in gateway towns to the South Rim. Depending on the season, you will need to reserve hotels and campgrounds well in advance.
Visitors to northern Arizona will find lots of hotels to choose from to fit every need and budget near the North, South and West Rims and in the park.
Sleep under the stars inside the national park. The greater Grand Canyon region is also chock full of campgrounds and RV Parks.
Visit the many overlooks on top of the canyon for views that change with the time of day. Scour the skies to see endangered condors and falcons fly overhead. And at night stargaze at the deep dark skies lit up with the Milky Way.
See mile-deep canyons, lush waterfalls, and glorious overlooks at the rim in Grand Canyon National Park and the northern Arizona region.
From reptiles to rodents, bighorn sheep to wolves and coyotes, the Grand Canyon is teeming with wildlife.
Natural wonders aren't the only attraction at the Grand Canyon. Visit a wildlife center, observatory, or garden. Watch an IMAX movie. Or learn at a visitor center or museum.
Hiking, mule riding, rafting, museum browsing, and air tours are the main activities here. See our list of the top ten things to do in the park and beyond. Are you prepared for desert weather? Be careful of the heat and bring a bottle to top off at our water filling stations.
What to do and see on your Grand Canyon vacation. Go hiking, ride a train or a mule, raft down the Colorado River, and more.
Hike hundreds of miles of trails that provide unmatched scenery and panoramic views. Raft a stretch of the Colorado River. Bike along the Rim.