The Catholic University of Eastern Africa (CUEA) is a chartered private international university which enjoys a heritage of 35 solid years of offering quality education grounded on values. Our vision is to be a world-class university producing transformative leaders for[...] 23 October , Education / Teaching / Information Jobs
The Ministry of Environment and Forestry was created vide Executive Order No. 1 of 2018 on the organization of government of Kenya. It is mandated to undertake National Environment Policy and Management, Forestry development policy and management, Development of re-affo[...] 23 October , Government Jobs
Kenya Power owns and operates most of the electricity transmission and distribution system in the country and sells electricity to over 4.8 million customers (as at June 29, 2016). The Company’s key mandate is to plan for sufficient electricity genera[...] 22 October , Power / Energy Jobs
Kenya Commercial Bank Limited is registered as a non-operating holding company which started operations as a licensed banking institution with effect from January 1, 2016. The holding company oversees KCB Kenya - incorporated with effect from January 1, 2016 - and all K[...] 22 October , Banking / Financial Services Jobs
At BASF, we create chemistry for a sustainable future. We combine economic success with environmental protection and social responsibility. The approximately 122,000 employees in the BASF Group work on contributing to the success of our customers in nearly all sectors a[...] 22 October , Manufacturing / Production / FMCG Jobs
Kenya Tea Development Agency (MS) Ltd is a key player in the tea industry providing management services to the smallholder tea sub-sector for efficient production, processing and marketing of quality teas.
To ensure continued success and growth, we are seeking[...] 21 October , Manufacturing / Production / FMCG Jobs
At Public Service Commission, our Vision To be the lead service Commission in the provision, management and development of competent human resource for the Public Service. To transform the public service to become professional, efficient and effective for the realizatio[...] 15 October , Government Jobs
The Kenya Defence Forces is pleased to announce to the general public the recruitment of Servicemen/women, Tradesmen/women and Constables which is scheduled to take place from 19 November to 19 December 2018 at various centres countrywide. Prospective candidates willing[...] 15 October , Government Jobs
The Kenya Defence Forces is pleased to announce to the general public the recruitment of Servicemen/women, Tradesmen/women and Constables which is scheduled to take place from 19 November to 19 December 2018 at various centres countrywide. Prospective candidates willing[...] 15 October , Government Jobs
World Vision is a Christian humanitarian, development and advocacy organisation devoted to improving the lives of children, families and their communities around the world. Our almost 37,500 staff members working in nearly 100 countries are united through our ethos, mis[...] 23 October , NGO / Non-Profit Associations Jobs
Jumia is the leading pan-Africa e-commerce platform. Founded in 2012, Jumia’s mission is to improve the quality of everyday life in Africa by leveraging technology to deliver innovative, convenient and affordable online services to consumers, while helping bus[...] 23 October , Internet / E-commerce Jobs
The Aga Khan Foundation (AKF), alongside its sister Aga Khan Development Network (AKDN) agencies, has implemented innovative, community-driven solutions to development challenges for more than 45 years. It focusses on a small number of specific development problems by f[...] 23 October , NGO / Non-Profit Associations Jobs
HealthRight International and its local affiliate HealthRight Kenya empower marginalized communities to live healthy lives, with particular focus on four marginalized populations: mothers and infants; migrant populations, adolescents and sexual minorities. Employing a h[...] 23 October , NGO / Non-Profit Associations Jobs
60 Decibels is an impact measurement company that helps organizations around the world better understand their customers, suppliers, and beneficiaries. Its proprietary approach, Lean DataSM, brings customer-centricity, speed and responsiveness to impact measurement. 60[...] 23 October , Research Jobs
CloudFactory’s mission is to help visionary companies power disruptive technology while connecting 1 million people in the developing world to meaningful work. We are looking for ambitious people who seek greater meaning in their work and want to use[...] 23 October , ICT / Telecommunication Jobs
At KONE, our mission is to improve the flow of urban life. We understand People Flow in and between buildings, making people’s journeys safe, convenient and reliable. We are a global leader in the elevator and escalator industry, and our job is to make the bes[...] 23 October , Engineering / Technical Jobs
WWF Kenya is an affiliate to World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF), one of the world’s largest and most experienced independent organisations dedicated to the conservation of the Earth’s natural environment. WWF has presence in more than 100 countries acr[...] 23 October , NGO / Non-Profit Associations Jobs
The Aga Khan Hospital, Kisumu is an institution of the Aga Khan Health Service, Kenya, which is an Agency of the Aga Khan Development Network. The hospital is part of a network of health facilities, which includes Hospitals and Outreach Health Facilities across East Afr[...] 23 October , Healthcare / Medical Jobs
Colnet Limited is strongly committed to promoting diversity and inclusion. Our focus is to support development opportunities and a young working culture that embraces diversity. We are a passionate and a vibrant team of young people who live develop innovative solutions[...] 23 October , Janitorial Services / Environment Jobs
How to Create A Great LinkedIn ProfileSocial media is a world of its own and whatever one wants to get out of it, one can.
If you are seeking a job, social media is a great place you can leverage to get a job. Although you can get jobs from practically al...
Self Learning - The Complete GuideSelf-learning or Institutionalized learning?
If you want career growth or development, you need to not only depend on institutionalized learning which is often becoming archaic but also on self improvement or wha...
Top 20 Most Profitable Businesses In Kenya Do you often wonder which businesses are the most profitable businesses to start in Kenya?
if you have ever asked yourself this question, then we understand.
Not everyone is cut out for a 9-5 job and even if you ar...
Average Nurses Salaries in Kenya 2019Nursing is a very noble and interesting profession. It is easy to assume that everyone knows about the profession of nursing. I mean, nurses have ranked as the most trusted profession.
But do you really know who nurs...
Enter your email to be the first to know about all jobs in Kenya
Enter one word that best describes the job you are looking for
Latest Job Vacancies in Kenya
MyJobMag.co.ke is a fast growing job website in Kenya.
We assist job seekers by providing latest and verified job adverts and career information from employers and recruiters in all Kenyan provinces. We ensure candidates get to apply for insider job vacancies that go unadvertised both online and in newspapers. Our job services are FREE ie. we do not expect jobseekers to pay for our career services. Subscribe to MyJobMag.co.ke via the following channels: email, Facebook, Twitter and Google+