Dating for ladyboys
My Ladyboy Date is the first international dating site for ladyboys, where you will meet thousands of decent and sincere ladyboys, and decent and sincere men who like ladyboys. Whether you want to find matches in Thailand, in the Philippines or anywhere else in Asia and beyond, My Ladyboy Date is the dating site of choice for you!
To the contrary of other dating sites for ladyboys, we emphasise on sincere dating and promote real loving relationships. Ladyboys are women in their own right, who deserve to be respected and treated as such, and deserve a decent dating site where they can meet sincere men.
For ladyboys, by ladyboys
What makes My Ladyboy Date so special? Our team is essentially made of ladyboys! This makes that each of our team members is deeply attached to the ladyboy community and cause, and so we refuse to contribute to all the negative stereotypes that affect Asian ladyboys.
Our team of moderators reviews every profile carefully, so that we are sure that the members of our site are seriously looking for a relationship. Prostitution, pay for pleasure, sexual encounters, hookups... are things that we strictly prohibit, and our moderators take care of strictly enforcing this policy. We ask that all our members be respectful, courteous, and decent.
Great dating experience
Our team is not only sensitive to making our ladyboy members feel valued and respected, but we are also passionate Internet professionals who constantly strive to improve the tools and features our members need for having the best dating experience.
Making a dating profile is quick, easy and free. It’s a breeze to browse and search for other members, by country, by age, and by interests. And our instant messaging system is fully featured so that you don’t even need to leave our website for having a good conversation. It works on desktop, tablet and smartphone.
The best dating site for ladyboys
Yet another dating site for ladyboys? No, that’s not what we wanted to be! There are too many stereotypes, clichés, and misconceptions about ladyboys. More than what you see in the red light district of Bangkok or in the porn movies, ladyboys are WOMEN in their own right. A “special type of women” (as they call ladyboys in Thailand), who live normal lives, and aspire to love and be loved, like all other women. We want to contribute to changing how the general public sees ladyboys, by being the first dating site for ladyboys to actually be decent, and actively fight all these stereotypes. Ladyboys deserve it!
On My Ladyboy Date, you will find decent and sincere ladyboys, the ladyboys of everyday’s life, who are looking for a serious and loving relationship. Nothing more, nothing less, that’s our promise! Likewise, we make sure that the men who sign up on My Ladyboy Date are sincere men looking for a serious relationship with their ladyboy girlfriend.