561,979 Accounts and Growing. Turn Visitors Into Customers.
Talk with customers in real-time. Switch to see the difference!
Live chat is a faster and more personal way for you to engage your customers. YOUR CUSTOMERS WANT TO CHAT WITH YOU. Help your visitors before they leave your website. Make happier customers.
If you're looking for a live chat option, but just aren't ready for a paid edition then My Live Chat Free version is the perfect way to go.
With inserting a simple piece of HTML code, a floating chat button that doesn't interfere with your website design, and key features to help you do chat right, you'll be chatting to your website visitors without any cost.
Chat via your mobile device by using our iPhone/iPad or Android apps! Install our app and simply login to your mobile chat APP to stay in touch with customers from anywhere! This way, you will never miss a chat when you're on the road.
The application for IOS/Android devices includes all essential features for effective communication with your website visitors. The major features include real time traffic monitoring and chatting, chat invitations. The application will notify you of the new incoming chats even if you close it, unless you sign out of the system.
Thousands of companies around the world use and love MyLiveChat every day.
MyLiveChat gives you unlimited chats. No questions asked. Now, nothing can stop you from engaging with your customers.
Built to empower your sales and support teams with priority tiers, transfers, user roles, monitoring, reporting and team chats.
Customize everything! The chat window, agent photos, company logos, chat buttons, and agent greeting messages.
Mobile Chat App allows you to engage with your website visitors while on-the-go, so you never miss sales opportunity.
Agents and visitors can share images and other files with the click of a button - all within the chat window!
MyLiveChat will not impact your website's initial-load performance thanks to Asynchronous Loading.
MyLiveChat works across all of your internet properties.
With advanced 128 bit SSL encryption, your chats and calls are always secure. Chat away tension-free.
Welcome your visitors with automated personalized greetings based on location, URL and more.
Organizations of all sizes and types - from major enterprises to local government - are discovering the benefits of MyLiveChat.
After comparing various Chat Softwares, I picked up MyLiveChat and couldn’t be more happier! It's more stable and faster!
The ability to interact with customers live has already tripled our leads in the first quarter of 2015. Best marketing investment we have made!
We got lots of leads on live chat and were able to close a big sale last week. Oh and btw, Kenneth & Terry from MyLiveChat Support rock!
After embedding MyLiveChat on our website an operational platform, we are closing deals faster; customer support has never been so efficient.
MyLiveChat works seamlessly with the apps you already use to power your business, including the most popular CRM, CMS, eCommerce, SaaS solutions.
Chat with your visitors, Increase sales and conversions, make your customers happy!
My LiveChat is a leading live chat service that helps increase website conversion rates through click to chat, live custom support features. We make it simple for everyone to add live chat to website.