MyLife is the only reputation platform focused on making consumers safer and marketplaces more trusted through proprietary Reputation Profiles & Scores. We are also dedicated to helping people manage and monitor their own reputation to help them look their best, personally and professionally, to the people searching for them online.
In cooperation with ReputationMatters.org, MyLife has created the layer of safety and trust that consumers and marketplaces need, making the Internet safer by allowing people to know the truth about the others they do business with, are friends with, or neighbors, or even date.
These Reputation Profiles can include everything that affects someone's reputation. That could consist of Criminal and Civil Court Records, lawsuits, liens, judgements, income, property records, social media, work & education history, photos, personal reviews, and complete contact details. MyLife Reputation Profiles show up in over 300 million online searches every month.
Only MyLife provides everyone's public Reputation Score. These scores are based on background details, personal reviews and social media posts, and are constantly updated. They provide a quick method to assess anyone. These scores also appear in over 300 million online searches every month.
Your reputation is more important than credit. Your credit score says only one thing about you, your reputation says everything about you. People use your credit score for one thing — whether to lend you money. People use your reputation to decide everything — whether they want do business with you, be friends with you, live with you, date you and much more.
Maintaining a good reputation, every day, is a critical part of everyone's life. We want to help you show the world how great you are to improve your life personally and professionally.
MyLife shows you what makes up your public Reputation Score. And your Reputation Dashboard gives you access to tools to increase your score and improve the way you present yourself online so you can look your best to everyone that searches for you. And with approximately 10 Billion searches for people online each month, someone could be searching to check your reputation right now. It's never too soon, or too late, to improve your reputation.
Your Reputation Dashboard shows how your score has changed, and how it compares to other people you know and those related to you. The Dashboard also allows you to monitor and view Reputation Profiles & Scores of the people you follow.
Here at MyLife we've created the one service that we've always felt was missing from the Internet: a service that allows us all to go online to connect and engage with the right people with less risk.
You see, we love the Internet, but we also believe we can make people safer by reducing fraud and crime in the world through the unique service we provide. Yes, we're trying to make the world a safer and better place.
* The other websites referenced on this site are owned and operated by their respective companies, and the associated trademarks and logos are the property of those companies. Links are provided for reference only and MyLife.com® does not imply any connection or relationship between MyLife.com® and these companies.