Our site requires cookies in order to work properly. We also use them to track site usage and customize our ads. If you do not want to allow our cookies please leave. Learn more
Oh No! It appears that you are using an ad blocker :-(
Please add an exception for our site and click refresh
Ads help pay the bills and allow us to keep the site and service free.
Our ads are small and non-intrusive and family friendly.
If you want to use our site and service you will
need to disable your ad blocker then reload the
page.
Once you're done using the service you are welcome to re-enable the ad blocker of course.
We are sorry for having to do this, but please
understand that it costs us a good amount of money to host and update our service so when you enable the adverts on our site you are simply giving back and helping the site stay alive and advance.
We hope you will add an exception to your ad blocker
for us.
Click to reload the site
Created with Raphaël 2.1.2 Generate life like handwriting signatures within seconds!
Created with Raphaël 2.1.2 New! Check our or new Email Signature design tool
Created with Raphaël 2.1.2 8,340,780 signatures already created!
>>> Start Now! <<<
Our signature generator is 100% free and may be used for any personal or commercial use you may desire.
There are no strings attached and you may use the signatures freely anywhere you like.You can create animated signatures and create static signatures as much as you want.
Created with Raphaël 2.1.2
Endless design options
We offer hundreds of life like signature options which will allow you to design endless signatures in endless shapes, styles and colors.Our signature maker will help you create a unique looking signature within minutes.
Created with Raphaël 2.1.2
Registered users get even more!
If you choose to register and login to the site (it is free!) prior to creating a signature, you wil enjoy the option of storing, naming your signature on our servers for free.
In addition, you will gain access to code snippet wizards which will allow you to easily use your signature anywhere.
Created with Raphaël 2.1.2
It's an image file
The final signature we produce is an image file with either a transparent or a colored background (you may customize it during the creation process). You can have us host the image for you or you may download it and use it however you desire.
Created with Raphaël 2.1.2 Friendly support
Even though our service is free, we treat each user as VIP customer. It means that our support team will make outstanding effort to help each user in need.
Created with Raphaël 2.1.2 Optional upgrades
We offer a few paid upgrades. The upgrades are mainly animated signatures and custom made font files that allow users to personalize their documents and sites even more.
As these services are all hand made by our designer team, we charge a small fee when you order them. That said, they are all only optional and are not needed to enjoy our free signature tool.
Testimonials
Angela Steward
yourpetstorewithmore.com
Hello! I love mysignature.com. It personalizes my website and allows everyone to see that the owner of the company is very accessible to the customer. Thank you for your great services!
Janine Gregor
janinegregor.com
As a virtual assistant it is important to nurture relationships with potential clients by publishing a custom business e-newsletter. One of the topics in my newsletter, “Wizard’z Wordz” includes, ‘A Note from Janine’ which gives a brief introduction of what I have been ‘up to’. My readers like the piece and it helps to personalize the publication. Adding a colorful and fancy signature from ‘My Live Signature’ helps to add personality and life to that special introduction paragraph. My Live Signature is a great tool and is very easy to use. I recommend My Live Signature to all of my clients who want to make their e-newsletter stand out from the rest.
Ryan Arakaki
RyanArakaki.net
I love your MyLiveSignature service. It allows me to have a nice, professional-looking signature on all my blog posts, which truely enhances the look. I have recommended your service to my whole list as well.
All rights reserved - ©MyLiveSignature 2019 - The first and original personal signature maker since 2007
Created with Raphaël 2.1.2