Taking your passport photo online as part of our services, which is dedicated to creating a simple, easy experience for you, is easier than taking one at a photo booth or store. Our passport photo service is 100% compliant with government regulations. If for any reason your photo is not accepted, we offer a retake at no extra charge. In addition to this, we offer great savings compared to stores, which is awesome if you want a passport photo for cheap. Our quick and convenient setup, allows you to print your passport photo at home, without going to a pharmacy or photo booth. For individuals with babies, this is a very convent alternative.
Our virtual passport photo booth is both unique and time saving, whether you are preparing to travel abroad or are applying for a visa. Everything is completed online and there is no need to have your pictures taken outside your home or office. Getting started takes only a few minutes. Here is what you need to know about getting started: -It takes only a few minutes to complete. -Passport photo selection is required as there are slightly different regulations for each. -Take the photo using a smartphone, tablet or digital camera and upload the best shot to our site. -We edit your picture to become compliant with government guidelines. -Once approved, you have the option for immediate digital download or photos can be sent to CVS or Walgreens for in store pickup. Your photo will be in the right size.
Our service works for for many countries. Getting a Canada passport photo online, New Zealand passport photo online or a US passport photo online is one of the most popular uses for our service. These are not the only ones, there are dozens of outer countries which work too. To find out if your country is on our list, click the “Take Photo Now” button. Once the page has loaded, click on “Purpose of Photo-Country” and select your place or origin. You will have other options such as how many photos you need (from 2 to 12). Once you have filled in the other required information, you can take your photo. Here are a few tips and tricks to keep in mind in order to avoid a rejected photo: -Use a solid, plain, white background. -Be sure your head is looking straight at the camera with a neutral expression. -When using your smartphone, have someone else take the picture as it’s much better quality. -If utilizing the front camera is your only option, keep it as far away as possible and square your image with the pictures. -Use good lighting. -Don’t wear anything which obscures your face such as sunglasses, wide rimmed glasses and hats.
Our virtual photo booth is cheap, convenient and guaranteed to give you a compliant photo before you venture off to your next international trip. Our service is a reliable and affordable service; let us take care of your needs wherever you may be. Don’t hesitate, order your passport photos online Now!