|
( 0 ) $0.00
Your cart is empty!
Ditch the shipping calculator! We'll ship your order absolutely FREE of charge once your order is over $49.99. *Conditions apply.
Avoid queues and frustration by shopping online with My Pet Warehouse and we'll take on the traffic jams, sharks, crocs and rough terrain to ensure your goods are delivered in pristine condition.
Each parcel is hand packed and comes with a personalised profile of the person who packed your order.*see freight page for product exclusions.
When you order before 2pm weekdays your order will be processed the same day from our dispatch centres in Melbourne, Brisbane and Perth.
From expert advice on what your pet needs, to a straight talking pet product recommendation, we're here to make shopping for your pet as easy possible.
We're extremely proud of our support team and the service they deliver to pet lovers’ right across Australia. Our online team consists of caring bunch of pet owners who are always on hand to help.
Our dependable support team are here from 9:00am - 6:00pm weekdays, and offer limited telephone support over weekends.
Welcome to My Pet Warehouse, where we know what it means to own a pet. They provide us with companionship and unconditional love, which in turn reduces our stress, encourages exercise and improves our mental wellbeing. Therefore it is only natural that we want to give our pets the best food, products and accessories, to show how much we love them.
To help show your love, you want a pet store that gives you everything your pet needs, all in one place. In our online store, you'll have over 8,000 pet product lines to choose from, including essential items such as pet food and beds, or when they deserve a little reward - a range of tasty treats, toys and much more.
Don't forget to check out our blog where we offer a variety of educational articles, infographics and guides that will help you make the most of having a pet.
For dogs, our store offers a huge range of dog food including prescription lines and super premium brands. You can also choose from an assortment of accessories like dog toys, collars, leads, beds and harnesses.
Perhaps you are more of a cat person? You can find a huge variety of cat supplies and accessories in our online pet store, giving your cat the best selection of cat food, litter trays, scratching posts online.
For the little guys, you’ll find everything you need to care for your smaller pets. We stock pet products for small animals including birds, reptiles, fish, guinea pigs, rabbits and rodents.
Thank you my order was well packed and all correct. I would like to say the service is fabulous. I incorrectly entered the delivery address. I emailed you and received a very quick reply advising what had happened and where my order was at. It was great. Will definitely use you again and recommend you. Fabulous service!!!Fiona - Chiswick, NSW
Just received my first order, packed by Katelyn. It was exactly what I ordered and arrived in good time. We also loved the additional treats (both human & dog), the $10 voucher, and your personalised approach.Janelle - North Ward, QLD
Thank you to Daneka for putting my order together & sending it so promptly - we had run out of cat biscuits the night before so the timing was perfect, just before the weekend! I love you guys! My shopping experience has always been positive & your prices suit my meagre budget, and I love the free shipping! Thank you thank you thank you!Sandi - Esperance, WA
Wow, You guys are the best! We have been a loyal customer of another very large Pet food/product supply company for many years now & we have recently found it difficult in ordering with them online, luckily we found my pet warehouse online. The process of ordering through your website was seamless, the bulk item we purchased was cheaper (even when it's not on special) than other stores plus it was free delivery! I will be referring my pet warehouse to all my friends and family and we will definitely be returning.Linda - Gerringong, NSW
Hi Kris, Wow! How good is your company? I loved that I received emails every step of the way of my order. And quick!!! Brilliant! You, personally, did a wonderful job and my order, when I received it today, was exactly as I ordered. Thank you so much for your excellent service. I will definitely be using My Pet Warehouse again.Kaye - Churchill, VIC
Hi, I just had to leave you guys feedback. AMAZING. So great for a company to give such a personal touch, with an introduction letter from Phil Bartholomew and a photo of your packer, Nikolas. Really like this friendly approach and yes, you got everything about the transaction spot on. Will certainly be back to your online store. Very impressive!Carolyn - Lawson, NSW