CSS Grid is a revolutionary tool for creation of responsive layouts which is accessible right in CSS.
We have implemented several accomplishments to Responsee which CSS Grid offers (real number of solutions and possibilities offered by CSS Grid is, however, broader).
By means of CSS Grid Responsee gains possibilities which were not possible before and now more flexible layouts can be created.
read more >
Completely new 2 templates named Bricker and Bricker lite comes together with new edition of Responsee. The templates are based on new CSS Grid system. You can look forward to excellent design and as usually completely free! We also upgraded all the other templates for Responsee 6.
read more >
We have completely remade layout of navigation for displaying on mobile devices.
Now the navigation rolls out of a left side of a display which is by users’ experience more handy and intuitive solution.
read more >
Lightweight, more intuitive and useful
Build new responsive layout in 10 minutes!
Minimum of code, great potential! Provided you look for something smaller, something lighter, something helping you to introduce project within a shorter time, Responsee is for you the right choice.
Our target was creation of lightweight intuitive responsive CSS framework which even beginning web designer will cope with thanks to well-arranged structure. Result is worthwhile.
When developing Responsee we put accent on maximal applicability. The framework will help you developing responsive websites faster than ever before. You need not wasting time with anything Responsee will make instead of you.
In order to be able to develop your responsive website more easily already from graphic design, download PSD Template with default 12 column grid.
Begin building your website from version aimed for mobile devices, and use only basic elements and configuration. Only after that begin building version for large displays with all elements and advanced configuration.
Since we care about maximal usability of CSS framework, all components are fully responsive. Responsee uses responsive carousel, responsive tabs, responsive custom forms, responsive tables, and responsive navigation.
Add your website built on Responsee framework to our showcase