|
"Thanks so much for your effort in all this...we are still amazed at the simplicity and usefulness of your system. As a client I probably should not say this but after reviewing all MSM can do, you should charge more..."
A Sale Owner in GA
|
The Best Way To Manage Your Seasonal Consignment Sale!
Read what our clients are saying about MSM!
MySaleManager.NET is a service that provides full automation
for your seasonal consignment sale. It integrates seamlessly with your
existing website and offers consignor management, worker management, online
barcode ordering/barcoded tag printing, mailing list management, drop-off schedule management, pick-up schedule management, new mom's presale registration, feature-rich administration for sale
owners and Point of Sale Software. It has been used by thousands of consignment events over the last 10 years in almost every state in America.
MySaleManager.NET Features
Why Choose MySaleManager.NET?
MySaleManager.NET was created by consignment sale owners
for consignment sale owners. This system is based on the very successful
system we use at our own consignment sale. We believe this system provides the
best balance between the needs of sale owners and ease of use for consignors.
Give your consignors an organized and easy way to participate in your
sale. They will want to tell their friends what a great experience they had and that keeps your sale growing!
|
Online Registration
Allow your consignors and workers to register online with your consignment sale. We format our pages to look like your website so there is no confusion. Get full control over your consignors, workers/volunteers and mailing list!
|
Barcoding
Add the benefits of barcoded tags to your consignment sale. Experience
increased speed and accuracy at checkout and remove the time-consuming task of
sorting tags at the end of each sale.
|
Communications
Automated email messages are sent to consignors and workers when they register and you can easily send emails to your consignors, workers and/or mailing list at any time.
You can download all your consignor, worker and mailing list entries in a format easily readable by other applications (like Word Processors or Spreadsheets) or to send
to your bulk mail company for brochure mailouts.
|
Point of Sale (POS)
Use our Point of Sale (POS) Software as your checkout stations. It fully integrates with the data from your
MySaleManager.NET account and can be used with or without barcoding. It also offers many additional features such as
consignor check-in and sale statistics (total revenue, # items sold, sales by consignor, etc.) so you will know how
your sale is performing!
|
How Much Does It Cost?
For your first sale your fees are only $199, no matter how large or small your sale is. For each sale after that your fee is only $199 plus 50 cents for each registered consignor over 199 from your prior sale.
so, for example, if your first sale had 324 registered consignors, the fees for your second sale would be only $261.50. There are no additional or hidden fees, per item fees, and no tag printing fees.
|
Regular Updates
We are continually updating MySaleManager.NET, providing more and more features to our client sales. Many of these added features come directly
from our client sales' requests. We add features every sale season and best of all, you get all these additional features as they are added at no additional cost!
|
Reconciliation
Our POS software allows you to print seller reports and checks at the end of each sale so you will know exactly what to pay your consignors. The report shows a listing of sold transactions
and you can customize consignment percentages and fees per consignor for complete flexibility!
|
Security
Your data is secure. We will never provide your data to any other consignment sale or third party. Your data can never be mistakenly
accessed by another of our partner sales. You have full control over your data and you can download a copy of it at any time.
MySaleManager.NET is proudly serving over 950 consignment sales in the following states: Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Mississippi, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia and Wisconsin as well as Australia and Canada.