Production Manager
- Up to 1,000,000 MMK plus other allowances
Meta Description Exciting opportunity for the Production Manager at one of the Paper Manufacturing Companies in Yangon. Find mo...
Country Manager at a growing Construction Materials Company in Yangon
- Up to 5,000,000 MMK + 3 months performance bonus + telephone + other allowances
Country Manager at a growing Construction Materials Company in Yangon To lead Myanmar Branch and drive yearly sales revenue of ...
Business Development Manager at one of the most successful Engineering Services Companies in Yangon
- Up to 3,000,000 MMK + 3 months performance bonus + telephone + other allowances
Business Development Manager at a leading Engineering Services Company in Yangon Sourcing business opportunities and gathering ...
SOC Deputy Manager at the successful Telecom Company in Myanmar
- Up to 1,200,000 MMK + other benefits
SOC Deputy Manager at the successful Telecom Company in Myanmar Assist the planning, penetration testing and defending for the ...
NOC Manager at the successful Telecom Company in Myanmar
- Up to 2,500,000 MMK + other allowances
NOC Manager at the successful Telecom Company Overall management for NOC Up to 2,500,000 MMK + other allowances About the Compa...
Senior Engineer IP at successful ISP Company in Myanmar
- Up to 2,000,000 MMK
Senior Engineer IP at the successful ISP Company in Myanmar Creating, maintaining and solution for core services and datacentre...
Our Testimonials
Simon and the MyWorld team bring a professionalism and service to recruitment that you just don’t see in Myanmar. The candidate quality is high and his Consultants follow up diligently and communicate quite well. Simon takes the lead and follows up with care where required as additional support. In a market where there is so much variance of experience level, business skills and language capability, the MyWorld team are a valued partner who have taken time to understand our business therefore providing candidates who generally match our experience requirements and cultural identity. If you need help in identifying local talent and need support in the lengthy candidate screening process, MyWorld are the solution. A true value add Partner for my business.
I used MyWorld Careers in 2015 for a key role in my company which I had been unable to fill through various other organisations in Myanmar. I found the team at MyWorld highly professional and were able to deliver a quality shortlist of candidates. The successful candidate joined a couple of months ago and has performed well in her role has impressed senior management. I have recommended the services of MyWorld Careers to group here in Myanmar to augment our growth strategy. I have been impressed with the MyWorld organisation in Myanmar and can recommend their services.
MyWorld is our first choice of agencies when we are seeking to recruit talented staff. MyWorld team are friendly and professional and really care about finding the right persons for the job. They enable to provide us with high caliber applicants that could fit with our requirements. Highly recommended MyWorld and we are happy working with them for their excellent services.
We are glad to work with your company. MyWorld is valuable for us and can provide the suitable and efficient candidates.
The service prompt is very fast more than our expectation. Very good follow-up team member.
MyWorld offer us a great service every time with great HR advice and knowledge to support our fast growing in FMCG for several position at Manager Position in Sales, Marketing, Supply Chain. MyWorld Consultants offering a very professional client-focused attention with continuous engagement and support, they got us results!
My World is a good agency where most impressive and highest payment jobs are gathering. I was finding a vacancy with the experience of Banking and Information System. My world find out the most suitable vacancy with attractive position and salary worthy of my knowledge and experience. My World can arrange to meet the right company and right candidate within the short period.
-
Posted 6 days ago
Latest Blog
Fresh graduate တစ်ယောက်အနေနဲ့ မိမိရဲ့ First Job...
(Unicode Version) Fresh graduate တစ်ယောက်အနေနဲ့ မိမိရဲ့ First Job Offer ကိုစတင်လက်ခံတော့မယ်ဆိုရင်...read more
-
Posted 13 days ago
Latest Blog
ရန်ကုန်မြို့ရဲ့သင်တန်းတက်ခြင်းအနုပညာ
လူတိုင်းမှာ Talent ကိုယ်စီရှိကြပါတယ်။ များသောအားဖြင့် ကိုယ့် Talent ကိုသတိမမူမိကြပါဘူး။ အဲဒါအကြီး...read more
-
Posted 20 days ago
Latest Blog
စီးပွားရေးလုပ်ငန်းလုပ်တဲ့နေရာမှာ အဓိကအရေးအကြီးဆ...
(Unicode Version) ယနေ့ခေတ်မြန်မာနိုင်ငံမှာရှိတဲ့ လူငယ်/လူရွယ်များ ကိုယ်ပိုင်လုပ်ငန်းကို စတင်ပြီးလ...read more
MyWorld's Update