Top 7 Yosemite Hikes with a View
Stroll past Yosemite Falls, Tenaya Lake, and the Half Dome on these "bucket list" hikes in Yosemite National Park.
Stroll past Yosemite Falls, Tenaya Lake, and the Half Dome on these "bucket list" hikes in Yosemite National Park.
In no other place in the Sierra Nevada mountains can you see so many impressive waterfalls gathered together in one spot.
Only have 48 hours? Make the most of your time by walking among giant sequoias, hiking a downhill trail, picnicking lakeside and floating on a river.
Be as prepared as a Boy Scout. Here are the top 14 items to put in your suitcase and 1 item to leave at home.
All roads lead to Yosemite National Park. Explore itineraries originating in major travel hubs and corridors in as little as 1-2 days or 1-2 weeks on your way to the park.
Our top picks for nearby towns and attractions to visit for the best outdoor activities, sightseeing, dining, and vacation fun on the way to the park.
Get the most from your vacation with an guide, tour, or cruise
Only have 24 hours? Make the most of it with this tour of the park’s must-see sites on Tioga Road, a sequoia grove, Yosemite Falls, and Glacier Point.
Every minute in the park brings new perspectives and surprises. Go around the clock at Yosemite with our dawn 'til dusk photo collection.
Yosemite is located in the California Sierra Nevada mountain range about three and a half hours east of San Francisco. The park is 1,200 square miles of rugged beauty.
Yosemite’s five entrance gates make it accessible from the west, east, and south. The gateways of Tuolumne, Mariposa, Mono, and Madera counties are the closest to the park and have many hotels, resorts, and camping areas.
There are five entrances into Yosemite National Park, and the road to each of them offers unique sights to see along the way.
Yosemite visitors come from all directions. Here are handy guides to finding the services and activities you want from the cities and towns nearest the park
Heading to the home of El Capitan and Half Dome? Here are the many options for entrance fees.
Most people drive to Yosemite. Check out our road trip ideas. If you fly, the nearest airports include the Fresno-Yosemite airport located about an hour and a half from the park. From there and other gateway communities you can take the YARTS bus to Yosemite. Once you get to the park, you will need a car or tour transportation to get around the more remote park roads. However, Yosemite Valley and Glacier Point have shuttles.
All roads lead to Yosemite National Park. Explore itineraries originating in major travel hubs and corridors in as little as 1-2 days or 1-2 weeks on your way to the park.
Airports near the park get visitors to Yosemite quick and easy. International flights come into San Francisco, Fresno, Sacramento & others
YARTS has four major routes to Yosemite ⎯ Hwy. 120/395 from Mammoth Lakes, Hwy. 120 from Sonora, Hwy. 41 from Fresno and Hwy 140 from Merced.
There are several campgrounds and lodges inside the park. Some park facilities have changed names due to a trademark dispute. There are also many lodging options near Yosemite’s entrances. Depending on the season, you will need to reserve hotels and campgrounds well in advance.
Be sure to experience a night under the stars during your Yosemite vacation. There are many campgrounds in Yosemite and surrounding area to choose from.
Visitors to the greater Yosemite Park region will find lots of hotels to choose from to fit every need and budget while traveling to and from Yosemite
What does the Yosemite lodging vendor change mean for those of us who made reservations in the park months ago? A lot, including a new website and phone number.
The Half Dome and other granite rock formations are the main attraction in Yosemite National Park. Visitors from all over the world come to see waterfalls such as Vernal Fall crash down the rocky cliffs. There are also three groves of giant sequoia trees and wildlife such as black bears and falcons in the park.
Yosemite's Tunnel View with Half Dome, Valley View with Merced River, Glacier Point, Olmsted Point, and Tenya Lake are the most famous views in the park.
Yosemite claims some of the USA's most impressive bodies of water including Yosemite Falls, Vernal Fall, Mirror Lake and the Merced River.
Arguably the most spectacular view in the park is at the end of Glacier Point Road with the curved tooth of Half Dome prominently in the foreground.
As if super-sized waterfalls and granite rock formations weren't enough to make you feel as small as a bug, Yosemite and its nearby national parks also protect giant sequoias, the biggest trees on Earth.
Hiking, climbing, rafting, and stargazing are the main summer activities here. See our list of the top ten things to do. Don’t forget about winter. Take a guided snowshoe hike, go skiing, or ice skate under Half Dome.
Top ten things to do on your Yosemite Park vacation, including view a waterfall, see black bears, and top sights like Half Dome.
Here you can traipse beside meadows on a glacier-carved valley floor or in the Mariposa Grove of giant sequoias, then clamber beside thunderous waterfalls
“Hold your breath kids, we are almost there!” We honk the horn and tell our kids to hold their breath as long as possible through the, almost 1 mile, long tunnel at the entrance to Yosemite Valley.
With nine accommodation options in Yosemite, it can be difficult to figure out where you should stay. Here's how to find the perfect place.
Generations of families have learned to ski on Yosemite's beloved ski hills off Glacier Point Road. It's a great family ski area.
Don't hibernate like a bear. Get out in the High Sierra and have some fun this winter. Try Badger Pass in the park or Mammoth and Lake Tahoe nearby.
Generations of families have stayed in Yosemite's Half Dome Village (previously Curry Village) in safari-style tents and simple wooden cabins.
Away from the crowds, this lodge is closest to the park's South Entrance, the Mariposa Grove of giant sequoias, and the park's golf course.
This AAA® Four-Diamond hotel is a fantastic destination if you are looking for a romantic escape or if you want an upscale family getaway.
All about Yosemite National Park and the journeys to the park with tips on where to stay, things to do, and where to stop on the way. Choose paper or digital.