Members of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) will enjoy the new N30,000 minimum wage, the minister of youths...
The alleged resumed attack on Nigerians in South Africa has again gained the attention of the world. Barely 24...
Senate President Ahmed Lawan has revealed that the National Assembly will pass the 2020 Appropriation Bill of N10.33 trillion...
Following threatens by Nigerian singer, David Adeleke popularly known by his stage name, Davido to sue a lady on social media who...
Alberto Morena, Villarreal defender has compared the playing style of his teammate Samuel Chukwueze and that of Liverpool forward,...
President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday met Russian President, Vladimir Putin at the opening of the Russia-Africa Summit holding in Russia. Speaking during the opening session of...
The Federal Government led by President Muhammadu Buhari has said that any lecturer or university staff found culpable in the sex for grades scandal shall not...
Former Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has been linked with the managerial position at German top club, Borussia Dortmund. Naija News reports that Mourinho works with Sky...
Bournemouth goalkeeper, Joseph Oluwabusola, is keen to play for Nigeria rather than is country of birth, England. AllNigeriaSoccer reports that the Essex born goalie has his...
Davido Denies Pregnancy Claim Nigerian singer, David Adeleke popularly known by his stage name, Davido has reacted to claims by a lady on social media that...
Thirty-nine different people have been found dead inside a truck container in southeast England Essex allegedly coming from Bulgaria. According to a report gathered from the...
The Anambra government led by Governor Willie Obiano has sacked three contracting firms working on the state roads over alleged incompetence. Naija News understands that the...
Three persons have been killed while several others have sustained various degrees of injuries after a truck lost control and rammed into a petrol station located...
Davido Embroiled In Pregnancy Mess The video of her lady claiming Nigerian superstar singer, Davido is responsible for her pregnancy has gone viral on social media....
Police Set To Fight Crime With Renewed Vigour As part of efforts at dissecting the dynamics of crime and forging strong networks toward tackling prevalent and...
Hadi Sirika, Minister of Aviation has disclosed plans of the federal government to demolish and rebuild the old Lagos Airport terminal/ Naija News understands that the...
The Vice-President of Nigeria, Professor Yemi Osinbajo on Wednesday, presided over the weekly Federal Executive Council meeting. Naija News learnt that the meeting started around 11...
Nigerian cross-dresser Bobrisky has expressed shock over the arrest of Ismaila Mustapha, an Instagram celebrity popularly known as ‘Mompha.’ Recall that Naija News had reported that Mompha...
The movement of vehicles on the Otedola Bridge inward Berger Lagos State on Wednesday morning was very difficult due to the series of accidents caused by...
A Federal High Court Judge, Justice Abdul Dogo, has been kidnapped in Akure. Naija News understands Justice Dogo was abducted on Tuesday by unknown gunmen while...
A Cheiftian of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Femi Fani-Kayode, has conddemned Yoruba leaders and politicians for the continued detention of the #RevolutionNow convener, Omoyele Sowore....
Investigative journalist, Fisayo Soyombo, went undercover to track corruption in Nigeria’s criminal justice system and spent two weeks in detention — five days in a Police...
The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has sent a strong message to voters in the upcoming Bayelsa/Kogi governorship election in the state. Naija News learnt that...
Former Minister of Aviation Femi Fani-Kayode has berated Senator Kabiru Gaya (APC-Kano South) for warning Nigerians against abusing President Muhammadu Buhari. Naija News reports that the...
The postponed El Clasico clash between Barcelona and Real Madrid has been fixed for December 18 despite opposition from La Liga, the Spanish Football Federation confirmed...