Blogging is one of the most popular hobbies/business people go for today. Blogs today vary in niches such as travel, food, health, and many more. If you’re planning to have your own blog in the near future, then it would be of your best interest to have a high caliber website that can rise above …
Continue reading “33 Worth-It Premium Personal Blog WordPress Themes”
Film grains are these granular optical textures that appear on images while light leaks occurs when there is a hole in camera where light can pass through. Though these may be nuisance to some photographers, some have used them to lay some subtle effects to their shots. These effects can be used as tools that …
Continue reading “40 Free Film Grains And Film Burns Textures For Your Design”
Almost everyone is on social media these days. And based on studies, the average social media user or person has a total of five social media accounts and spends around 2-4 hours browsing these networks every day. Imagine that?! All thanks to the rise of mobile internet. This is why bloggers, designers, developers, marketers and …
Continue reading “190+ Free Square Social Icons”
I recently made my wife a media kit for her travel blog. To be honest, It is my first time designing a media kit (mostly I do business card and brochure design). It’s like a Portfolio that you can show to your readers or clients but more summarized. With that in mind, I think there …
Continue reading “3 Free PSD Personal Media Kits”
In creating a website, it is crucial to have not only a great UI design, but a great accessibility as well. It may be a tedious task especially if we cannot relate to certain conditions that can hinder a good user experience. One of these conditions is color blindness or color vision deficiency (CVD). If …
Continue reading “Improving Web Design For Color-Blind users”
Have you ever experienced feeling nervous and excited at the same time to share your final design to your client, just to be rejected afterwards? It sucks, I know. You’re almost to the finish line. You’ve done all the necessary steps to come up with the perfect design, and yet the client still didn’t like …
Continue reading “How To Effectively Present Your Design To Your Clients”
Every designer knows how important a presentation is in making a client to approve your design. Not only do you need to explain your work, the client also needs to see what the design would actually look like in the real world. This can be a challenging feat for many. Thankfully, there are mockups that …
Continue reading “15 Absolutely Free Mug Mockups That Stand Out”
First developed in Germany, Gestalt is a theory that tackles on how our cognitive behaviors are affected by various visual perceptions. It illustrates how our minds react to what we see with our eyes – how we relate and separate elements to make sense of an image. Gestalt, in dictionary, means “a whole that is …
Continue reading “Gestalt Principles In Graphic And Web Design”
It is agreeable that in any profession, learning and mastering the basics is a very important foundation to succeed in the future. Though this statement holds true, some designers seem to skip this process and proceed to creating designs without even knowing the theory behind it. This results to poor quality designs and sometimes just …
Continue reading “22+ Absolutely Free Online Lessons For Beginner Graphic Designers”
White space has hugely been underrated in web design for the past few years. Although many have previously neglected this in designing a website, white space is actually a fundamental element that is crucial for an effective design. Now, its importance is now observable in most, if not all, websites today. Gone are the days …
Continue reading “The Importance Of White Space In Web Design”
404 page is a dead-end in your website. Landing on this error page can cause a bad user experience for your readers. This may cause them to go back to your homepage with dissatisfaction, or go to other competitors’ websites, or worse, avoid your site entirely. It goes without a saying that these instances should …
Continue reading “404 Page: A Detailed Guide, Tips, And Examples For Designers”