SEO Tool
Get found in Google
Discover easy, do-it-yourself SEOTry it for FREE
FREE co.uk & .uk
+ FREE Email & Website Builder§
|£6.99 FREE
|£39.99 £14.99
|£29.99 £3.50
Discover easy, do-it-yourself SEOTry it for FREE
Build your own stunning siteGet started from £5.83
Manage your website the easy way with cPanel Web Hosting. Enjoy secure UK hosting, unlimited bandwidth, unbeatable support and a large selection of 1-Click Installs to enhance your site.Explore offers
Get started today with up to £79 off hosting **
Install popular apps like WordPress, Joomla, PrestaShop, Drupal and OpenCart with just one click – there are 100’s of FREE apps to choose from.Explore apps
An SSL certificate protects your site, your visitors and keeps Google happy so you could rank better too!SSL packages
Your business is unique, make sure your email address is too. A personalised email address looks professional because it uses your own domain name and sets exactly the right impression of your business.Email packages
Get personalised email and everything else needed to run your business. Including Word, Excel, Outlook and PowerPoint, plus HD video conferencing, instant messaging and 1TB of cloud storage.Office 365
Create an ecommerce site - simply add your products, set up payment methods and off you go! From £19.16 p/m
Ecommerce packages
Build your own website in no time with our drag & drop editor – it’s as easy as pie!
From £5.83 p/m
Start building
Short on time? We can build and launch your perfect website for you.
Starting at just £349
Build me a website
It all starts with a domain name but it doesn’t end there! We include everything you need to get online FREE with every domain name.
Get online today
Website Builder FREE§What can I use it for?
Let people know you're online with your FREE§ website builder: create an online business card, add your contact details and social links and attract visitors to your site.
You could also create a CV, showcase your work, introduce your startup business or use it as a holding page for your website if it's under construction.What's included?
An easy-to-use drag & drop editor tool that enables you to start your online adventure quickly and easily. Choose a template, add your content, pick images and away you go... a site that looks great on all devices. When the time's right, upgrade for more pages and templates!
Get a personalised email address
FREE EmailWhat can I use it for?
Be unique and professional with a personalised email address based on your domain name giving you me@mydomain.co.uk, perfect for you and your business.
Plus, with WebMail you can access your email online anytime, anywhere, great for managing emails on the go!What's included?
LiteMail account giving you an IMAP mailbox, 100MB storage and Anti Virus & Spam protection
Included with your website builder
FREE Stock Images
With your free Website Builder, you get access to hundreds of high quality stock images to help bring your website to life – all for FREE!
3.9 out of 5 | 1711 reviews
There is a tremendous amount of opportunity and information on this site and it takes time to absorb and understand it all. Support staff are patient and well informed.
We’re real people with excellent technical knowledge, based in the Midlands.
Call us 7 days a week on0345 363 3632
Safeguard your brand’s online presence and let our Account Managers take the stress out of domain management.
All the room you need for your business to grow without the hassle of managing the server yourself.
1,900,000
domain names in more than 500 TLDs
40,000
new registrations per month
650,000
websites hosted on our platforms
600,000
active customers all over Europe
names.co.uk is part of the Register Group, leader in digital services in Europe.
‡ The following suffixes are on offer when registered for 1 year using the embedded voucher code - .co.uk and .uk. The offer prices are: .co.uk and .uk - FREE. These offers entitle you to one .co.uk and one .uk at the offer price per account. Additionally, the following extensions will be offered at the prices shown (ex VAT) when registered on site for one year: .website - £3.00, .site - £3.00, .tech - £5.00, .store - £5.00, .fun - £3.00, .space - £3.00, .app - £12.00, .london - £14.99, .online - £3.50. Please note, for EU customers VAT rates payable will be subject to your country of residence. Offers are for the first billing period only, do not apply to renewals, cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers and may be withdrawn at any time at the discretion of Namesco Limited. Standard terms & conditions apply.
§ Website Builder Free is free for 1 year when registering any domain name. Thereafter, you will be required to upgrade to our Website Builder Lite product which will become chargeable as per the price outlined in our price list. There is no obligation to upgrade. Standard terms and conditions of service apply.
* The rankingCoach free trial starts on the order date and runs for 14 days, after this period you will be automatically charged for the term you choose in the cart. There is no obligation to purchase the full plan, you can cancel the trial from within your Online Control Panel at any point up to your trail expiry date. The 14 day free trail is only available on new packages purchased online. This offer cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers and may be withdrawn at any time at the discretion of Namesco Limited.
** The offer is 40% off all monthly, annual and multi-year Starter cPanel Web Hosting and WordPress Web Hosting plans. This offer is for the first billing period only, does not apply to renewals, cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers and may be withdrawn at any time at the discretion of Namesco Limited.