Cutting Edge Web & App Development Solutions
Our superior range of 360 degree startup solutions will ensure you can go to market with confidence. From startup idea to business model analysis, prototype to MVP, website design, UI/UX to complete web development, product engineering to digital marketing, funding assistance to scale up activities - we cover it all. Our business team consists of startup consultants and subject matter expert related to your focus industry and will work with you from the start to the end to ensure not only a smooth conceptualization of your startup idea and vision, but to ensure that your product stands out from the competition.
While you enjoy the feature-rich world-class website and mobile app development experience from NCrypted, you can relax and be rest assured about the uniqueness and quality of the product. Our genuine code structure and award-winning web development process lets you run your online business without worrying about any copyright or IP issue with the competition.
You can opt-in for one of our proprietary license versions for any of our website clone products in case you don't have time for a custom development work and have plans to go to market immediately. However, in case you plan on creating your own masterpiece from scratch or wish to merge two of our website clone scripts or different business ideas into one in order to create a unique website or mobile application, we are all ears! In that case, we can assume full responsibility of your work starting from the business planning phase to design, database architecture to web development, QA/testing to maintenance, support and beyond.
Web Development Company
NCrypted Websites is a leading web development company and website clone developers providing high-end website design, web development solutions, custom web application development, mobile apps development (Android apps, iOS/iPhone/iPad apps, Windows mobile app development), website clone services, clone scripts and solutions for both startups and medium to large scale companies. NCrypted Websites is a group entity of NCrypted Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
Be it a bespoke website development or a ready made off-the-shelf clone script, a custom website design, or full web development - we have the solutions you need. From professional business website design to complex web applications and mobile app development; social network development to marketplaces and ecommerce website design - we have the expertise and exposure to all the industry verticals.
Think Big, Start Small, Do It Now!
We go out of the box to suggest what you will require based on your niche market and target audience rather than simply providing you what we have. Website design & development consulting is a necessity and not a luxury and hence at NCrypted, we believe in thinking ahead of the competition while keeping your target audience in mind.
Check out the range of website clone scripts, products and custom web development and website design services that we can work together on or simply let us know what your requirements are and we will get back in touch with you.
Social Media
Social Network Script
Social Network Script lets you start your own social networking sites similar to Facebook, Netlog LinkedIn. It offers practical networking solutions and easier way to find people with related interests and seek out their help in need.Read more »
Facebook Clone
With the upcoming trends of social media, use Facebook Clone that perfectly fits your niche social networking business, where people can find and connect with their friends, message and post their status, images, videos, etc.Read more »
LinkedIn Clone
LinkedIn Clone enables proficient networking website solutions for professionals similar to LinkedIn, a universal website for business connections. It allows businesses from across the globe to stay knowledgeable about their contacts and industry.Read more »
YouTube Clone
Create your own video website, which offers video solutions similar to Youtube, where people can comment, like and share the videos with others.Read more »
Pinterest Clone
Launch your own photo-sharing website similar to Pinterest that provides strong features aiming to organize various photos on different boards for various categories like business, lifestyle, finance, education and lot more.Read more »
Vimeo Clone
Initiate your own video sharing website similar to Vimeo, is a feature-driven clone that endows users with uploading, sharing and viewing videos with high-quality tools just like Vimeo.Read more »