We're helping our neighbors in the Franklin and Grand Isle communities by sponsoring the Food from the Heart food drive at our St. Albans Branch October 21 - November 1, 2019.
Our 12-month certificate is available for a dividend rate of 1.76% APY for a limited time.
* APY is the Annual Percentage Yield on the deposit. All rates quoted are effective October 18, 2019. The minimum to earn the APY is $1,000. Early withdrawal penalties may apply. Federally Insured by NCUA.
and save with 0%APR interest on transferred balances for the first 6 months.
*0% APR is the Annual Percentage Rate for the first six months of account opening on balance transfers. Terms of this offer can change at anytime.
When you contribute to a 529 plan, you'll not only help your child, grandchild, or other loved one pay for school, but you'll also remove money from your taxable estate.
A loan from NEFCU for your first car will help you build your credit for future purchases, whether it’s your first credit card or a home to call your own. Let us know about the last 12 months of your work history, get pre-approved, and go car shopping!
Kickstart your savings habit by enrolling in NEFCU’s Change Saver Program. Connecting a Share Draft checking to a Share Account savings allows you to save as you shop!
You can make an appointment with NEFCU staff while online. You can schedule a face-to-face or telephone appointment with a Mortgage Loan Officer or in-branch appointments with Member Service Representatives, Consumer Loan Officers, Financial Counselors, and Financial Investment Advisors. Look for the calendar icon at the top of the website.
There are many benefits to opting for eDelivery. Your secure statement is available to you seven days a week, and it's uploaded to NEFCUOnline within the first few days of each month.
Getting eStatements is also environmentally friendly! You can download a copy for your records or print when needed. Enrolling is easy! Click on the eDocuments tab within NEFCUOnline to get started.
Money Smart for Older Adults is designed to provide you with information and tips to help prevent common frauds, scams and other types of elder financial exploitation in your community. Please share this information with others.