250 Million
fans on our social platforms globally. That’s 2X the population of Japan
150 Thousand
new global followers daily. That’s 2X the capacity of a football stadium.
10 Billion
global impressions per quarter. That’s 2X the number of pages on the internet.
Editorial Channels
@Netflix
Audiences
Netflix Family
We watch Super Monsters by day and Stranger Things at night. Through the ups and downs and sleepless nights of raising tiny humans, we’re here with you and yours — creating content that entertains, informs, and inspires every step of the way.
Netflix Film
For every level of film obsession, we’re here to help anyone be a cinephile—making the art, craft and technical expertise that goes into great filmmaking accessible for all.
Netflix is a Joke
As Netflix's multiplatform comedy brand, we provide a home for fans of standup, sketch comedy, and anything in between. We're more than just a social distribution channel for Netflix comedy. We're a growing comedy club that celebrates our comedians in all t...
NX
Fantasy and anime and sci-fi, oh my! For fans of all things that bump in the night, fly through the air, punch past the walls, travel across times and get lost in space—we’re here to entertain and knock their hazmat suits off.
See What's Next
Need to know what’s next right now? Sit tight, anticipation junkies. We’ve got you here—with all the news you need to know about Netflix originals from inside Netflix.
Strong Black Lead
Committed to supporting Black creatives, Black talent and the Black audience, we amplify their amazing work—creating sharable and uniquely relatable content that contributes to the culture.
Prism
From the latest on the Fab 5 to nostalgic To Wong Fu references to interviews with leaders in our community about what power means to them—we’re here to authentically represent, celebrate and entertain LGBTQ+ fans and creators. Prism represents Netflix’s co...
WeAreNetflix
Ready to get inspired? We showcase how amazing it is to work at Netflix with authentic storytelling about Netflix’s culture, innovations, teams, employee experiences and identities.
What to Watch
The answer for entertainment overwhelm, we’re here to help our Netflix members make the big decisions of their days with our guide of ongoing recommendations.
Netflix Podcasts
Netflix Podcasts explore the world of Netflix through audio. We go behind the scenes of series and films, dig deeper with your favorite stars, and explore the most exciting projects on the platform. We also develop in-world content and other supplemental au...
Who We Are
A journalist, a film buff and a meme-making machine walk into a bar.
Part writers room, part editorial roundtable—we approach our social media like nobody else in the business.Fast Company Feature
The wrap party is just the beginning
We love entertainment more than Eleven likes Eggos, more than Jerry likes cars and coffee, more than Marie Kondo likes mess, more than the Brits like bakeoffs. What starts on Netflix— keeps rolling on social. We work directly with creators and talent to dream up engaging ways to sustain interest in their title on social platforms around the world.