Next Generation of SEO Tools
Netpeak Software develops tools for SEO specialists and webmasters that help solve day-to-day SEO tasks in an easy and effective way.
Try Our Products
Netpeak Spider
Desktop tool for fast and comprehensive technical audit of the entire website.
Windows
Netpeak Checker
Desktop tool for bulk URL analysis and comparison of websites based on a wide range of parameters.
Windows
Who Uses Netpeak Software?
Specialty
To solve tasks:
14-day Free Trial
Simply register and give our products a try: it’s free, no limitations, credit card is not required.
14 Days Money Back
Don’t worry if you change your mind. We grant a 100% refund after your initial purchase.
Join Community
Learn best SEO practices, connect with fellow specialists, find out how to use our products in the most effective way.
Caring Customer Support
Our Customer Service managers will promptly answer your questions and help solve problematic situations.
Why Netpeak Software?
Join 100 thousands of our users from 170 countries. This is what they have to say.
I really appreciate Netpeak Spider's working speed and amounts of data it can process. It's so easy to spot issues with it when I perform quick wins audit. I also see what a tremendous job the team has done to release the latest Netpeak Spider that competes in functionality with the most advanced crawlers worldwide.
We use Netpeak Spider to know how Google sees our websites. And we use Netpeak Checker to compare main key performance indications for our website and benchmark them to our competitors’ websites. I control my SEO teams through combination of Netpeak Spider & Checker. I recommend these tools to everyone!
Netpeak Spider and Checker analyze competitors and their activities across the web, and you can spend hours doing it manually, or you can use these tools, and get the whole picture in several minutes. I highly recommend Netpeak Spider and Checker for SEOs as they help to automate a lot of manual tasks.
I liked the ease of use and simple interface of Netpeak Spider & Checker. I took me less than 10 minutes to play around with Netpeak Сhecker and understand how it works. And in Netpeak Spider separation of the issues by their level urgency to solve with different colors is quite handy.
We’ve Got Bonuses for You
Affiliate Program
Earn up to 30% commission from every purchase your referred customers make.
Loyalty Program
Complete simple conditions and get lifetime discount up to 15% for purchasing Netpeak Spider and Checker.
Member Perks
Specially for our clients we’ve gathered offers with up to 50% discount on digital marketing software and services.
Discounts and Free Access
Learn 8 easy ways to get a significant discount or to use Netpeak Spider and Netpeak Checker completely for free.
Check out Posts on Our Blog
What Are You Waiting for?
Thousands of specialists around the world use Netpeak Software products.
Register right now!
Our customers from 170 countries solve their day-to-day tasks with Netpeak Software products!Purchase a License
We Are Always Happy to Help!
Help Center
Facing some difficulties? We’ve already prepared answers to the most common questions.
Email Us
Prefer to reach out via email? We look forward to your feedback and propositions at support@netpeaksoftware.comSend an email
Live Chat
It’s always best to talk to a real person, isn’t it? Our Support managers are at hand and ready to help!Start a chat