Get Additional 10% OFF on all Hosting & Server
Chat now or share your details and we'll get in touch
Our Support Team is available over Phone, Chat & Email to help with any questions you may have with your products or any technical support required.
Our servers are configured with high availability characteristics to be in tune with the critical applications uptime requirements.
Less time for website request, low latency and fast loading website will lead you to better user experience.
If you are not satisfied with our hosting that you have purchased, you may get the refund within 30 days from the order date.
We strive to cater increased level of performance and efficiency with the minimal operational cost as per your evolving operational demands.
Install 200+ script and CMS . Plesk/Cpanel control panel easy management of website.
“Excellent Sales and Support Team”
I am among one of the initial customers of NextraOne, Their excellent sales and support team is worth admiring of. They resolve any issue I face quickly and report back as soon as it is resolved.:) Good UPTIME and Excellent Customer Handling.Amit Singh vaid
“NextraOne is ideal for beginners who might need assistance”
NextraOne is the best place to get solution for all your online needs at one place. Whether you need domain registration, Web Hosting or Email hosting NextraOne has a variety of plans to suit you. NextraOne is also ideal for beginners who might need assistance.Avnish Kumar (CTO host2boost)fit
“Very good service, support is excellent”
Very good service, support is excellent, no I am tension free using their VPS & dedicated server. NextraOne keep it up like this so can refer more customers to you.Sudhanshu Agrawal (Bull Bear Device Pvt Ltd)
“Congratulate Nextraone for keeping us the good services and support”
We are using Nextraone servers from last 2 years almost without any issue and well satisfied with their services, would like to congratulate Nextraone for keeping us the good services and support.Sachin Gupta (Xtesia Consulting)
“VPS from nextraone and very well satisfied”
It’s a great privilege to update that using services- VPS from nextraone and very well satisfied.Karkee bharathi (Anoop Associates)