NID's education is a combination of both design theory and practice, knowledge and skill.
This 4-year programme is offered in 8 disciplines at the Ahmedabad campus.
This 2.5 year programme is offered in 19 disciplines across all 3 campuses.
Learn about the NID admission procedure, important dates and fees
The Foundation Programme is offered to UG programme before students select their specialization in design.
NID offers professional education programmes at Bachelors and Masters level with five faculty streams and 20 diverse design domains
Welcome to KMC. Our mission is to enhance teaching and learning at NID through the provision of flexible, diverse, and user-centered information services and resources.
NID is privileged to have the benefit of rewarding academic exchange relationship with several leading design institutions / universities across the world.
Learn about NID's Full time and Part Time programmes here
NID provides both design education, as well as design services to various sectors. Design practice is a significant part of design education at NID.
IDS undertakes design projects for the public and private sector.
Outreach undertakes projects related with the social side of design.
I&OP organises workshops and short programmes for design awareness.
There are different ways in which industry can engage with NID students.
NID is involved in craft, research, publication, and business development.
R&P undertakes research and publishing projects related to design.
ICIC works with India's craftspersons for strengthening the crafts sector.
The IPR Cell provides awareness about intellectual property.
NIDUS is the shop at NID showcasing designs of students, faculty and alumni.
NID's people are at the centre of design education.
NID's Director, Praveen Nahar, talks about his vision for design education
Meet NID's Governing Council members & Senate members
Know NID's faculty, across all disciplines and campuses
NID was established in 1961, and has been a centre for design education, practice and research since then.
The addresses and contact information of all 3 NID campuses
Read about NID's philosophy and thoughts on design education.
The establishment of NID in 1961, and its growth thereafter.
The objectives, aims and philosophy behind NID's educational programmes
NID declared ‘Institution of National Importance’ by the Act of Parliament