Learn Chinese with Nincha
Mandarin Chinese is fun and adorable
Ninchanese brings you the best of technology and gamification, through a well-shaped learning curriculum and bite-sized stages that will take you to a beginner to a fluent level in Chinese. 加油！
A Complete Method to Learn Chinese
The Chinese language is one of the hardest languages to learn.
Ninchanese gives you the ability to understand and speak the Chinese language. If you are serious about learning Chinese, you’ve come to the right place.
HSK1 to HSK5: A Comprehensive Curriculum
Made by professional Chinese teachers, discover, learn and progress in Chinese on this full HSK structured program to completely understand and be fluent in Chinese.
Learn Chinese with more than 3500 Mandarin Lessons
Say Hello
Meet new peopleSpeak Chinese
Learn to count
Numbers in ChineseLearn Chinese Words
Directions
How far is it?Build Chinese Sentences
Eat out
Go to the restaurantLearn Chinese Words
At the bank
Change money into RMBLearn Chinese Words
Talk about time
What was it like before?Build Chinese Sentences
Business
Negotiate like a proSpeak Chinese
Travel tour
Take a plane to ChinaLearn Chinese Words
Free SRS and Free Mandarin Chinese Grammar Lesson
The freemium on Ninchanese give you access at the Chinese character learning and more than 150 free Chinese grammar lessons, more than 10 000 useful Chinese sentences example and Chinese character to explore.See all Grammar Lessons
And even more…
Learn Chinese from beginner to advanced Chinese
Join Lupishu and Nincha through +100 new stages of advanced academic HKS5 content to learn Chinese!
Or start on the HSK World 1 to start as a beginner Chinese learner.
You’ll be delighted to learn Chinese with Nincha into these worlds of Chinese vocabulary, grammar, and dialogues. It’s time to depart from the constant beginner or intermediate level and move to a fluent Chinese speaker level!
Chinese Character Universe, Powered by Science!
The most advanced way to learn Chinese characters yet. Learn 5000 Mandarin characters at light speed with the help of Science.
The Chinese Character Universe
We’ve used Big Data’s power to give you the easiest way to learn Chinese characters thanks to their components. (read more)
Computer and Geek World!
We’re all kinda geeks or nerds or a little of both. That’s our life so, that’s something we need to know to express in Chinese, right?
The Geek World
Learn to speak about your western favorite movies or game consoles in Chinese
The Computer World
Learn how to use your computer, the web and your mobile in Chinese!
What Our Users Are Saying
Ken
Ninchanese has taken me from beginners level through the advanced level. Ninchanese covers all levels. It makes it easy to study when everything is put into an easy to use and addictive, point-scoring, competitive format.
Philippe
I like the friendly design and enthusiastic atmosphere, which makes learning a lot more pleasant. It’s really great to be able to interact with the teachers and get answers about this or that point of grammar 🙂
Alexis
The lessons and vocabulary I had on Ninchanese were incredibly in sync with what I was studying at Jiaotong University. It really helped me a lot as a support tool to remember what I saw in class.
Why Does Ninchanese Work So Well?
In addition to a comprehensive learning curriculum that goes from HSK1 to HK5, you’ll be taking advantage of:
- An SRS system specially made to learn Chinese characters efficiently.
- Hundreds of grammar exercises and lessons to understand in depth the Chinese grammar.
- A fine-tuned voice recognition to get every tone right on any character and sentences.
- And finally, a listening practice for you to train your hearing and Chinese writing skills.
Because learning the right things, at the right moment with the right tools
is what makes Ninchanese’s method unbelievably efficient.