Smart practice management
for practitioners.
Start your free 30 day trial and feel better.
Trusted by thousands.
Every day, thousands of users around the world use Nookal on their journey for growth and to reach each goal along the way.
Practice smarter.
Anywhere. Anytime.
Keep everything running on time
Manage appointments, classes, group bookings, meetings, staff and clients from a simple and flexible calendar platform.
Class / Group Bookings
Add multiple clients to classes and group therapy bookings. They can even purchase sessions in bulk.
Staff Schedules
Set up visual cues for recurring and one-off schedules and breaks for staff members on your diary.
Waiting List
Avoid missing client preferred times and availabilities by adding them to your waiting list.
Automate bookings and reminders
Let clients book their own appointments online while you're sleeping. Send them automatic reminders about their next booking.
Online Bookings
Allow your clients to easily book into available times and classes whenever they want.
SMS and Email Reminders
Send automatic reminders to minimise no-shows and keep your clients running on time.
Receive SMS Replies
Receive SMS message replies from clients to confirm or rebook appointments.
Take clinical notes in a flash
Document each consultation with your own easy-to-use templates, shortcuts and symbols. Quickly track progress on the same screen.
Personalised Templates
Get the information and results you need with your own clinical note templates.
Draw on Body Charts
Highlight and mark important treatment areas with interactive body chart images.
Shortcuts and Symbols
Focus on clients and results by entering detailed information with your own shortcuts.
Write letters and store client files
Securely upload and access documents, letters and files for each patient. Use personalised templates to write letters.
Document and File Storage
Attach files, documents and images to client records so you've got them wherever you go.
Letter Templates
Save time by setting up templates for clients, doctors, referrals and insurance companies.
Placeholders
Rapidly and accurately construct letters using client demographic and referral data.
Invoice and submit claims easily
Easily generate invoices for clients, health funds and insurance companies. Claim from Medicare online and get the money in the bank.
Manage Invoices
Generate, discount, combine and merge invoices all with the quick push of a button.
Accounting Integrations
Synchronise and export your accounting data to make financial management easier.
Submit Claims Online
Submit and track client claims online for quick and easy payment and processing.
Keep data safe inside and out
With an extensive permission management system, you have full control over exactly what your staff can see and do.
User Groups
Add staff to permission groups or create new groups for specific staff, like your accountant.
Permissions
Easily toggle permissions to block, allow full, or even partial access of specific data and areas.
Change Tracking
See who made and who changed appointments, cancellations and other diary items.
Report and track your goals
Powerful finance and activity reporting can give you a strong insight into what's happening in your business and with staff.
Detailed Reports
Designed by business-minded and result-driven people, our reporting is second to none.
Automatic Clinic Snapshots
Receive a weekly summary of your clinic performance to help you meet the goals you set.
Multi-practice Aware
Built from the ground up to grow with your business, no practice is too big or small.
Safe and Secure
The security and privacy of your account must be second to none. Nookal automatically backs up your data to multiple secure locations to ensure your peace of mind.
Our system infrastructure uses state-of-the-art security measures and all information is transmitted with 256-bit SSL / HTTPS enterprise grade encryption.
We constantly monitor the system around the clock to ensure everything runs optimally and to reduce any possible downtime.
Integrations
We've got a few friends that might be able to lend a hand:
Xero
Accounting Software
Synchronise payments and invoices with Xero.
Tyro
Business Banking
Process Payments and Claims from EFTPOS, Health Funds, and Medicare.
MYOB
Accounting Software
Export sales and transaction data into MYOB.
Medicare
Department of Human Services
Submit claims for automated payment to Medicare.
DVA
Department of Veteran's Affairs
Submit claims for automated payment to DVA.
ACC
Accident Compensation Corporation
Submit claims and invoices for approval and payment.
HealthEngine
Online Healthcare Platform
Patient acquisition, management and retention for your practice.
Physitrack
Client Engagement
Exercise prescription, outcomes tracking, education and Telehealth.
MailChimp
In Development
Synchronise client lists with email marketing campaigns.
TrackActive
Exercise Prescription
Set up, prescribe and monitor your clients exercise program.
Cliniq Apps
Client Communication
Patient recalls, retention, acquisition, satisfaction and more.
Nextin
Branded Mobile Apps
Streamlined mobile bookings, deals and push notifications.
Smartabase
Data Management
Store profiles, fitness tests, training and coaching data, and more.
Features List
We're always adding exciting new features - our current feature list consists of these (and even more):
Diary
- Appointment Bookings
- Group Class Bookings
- Waiting List
- Customisable Diary Views
- Online Bookings
- Recurring Staff Schedules
- Meetings and Events
- Notes and Reminders
- iCal™ Feed for Outlook™, Google Calendar™, etc.
Clients
- Contact Details
- Approved Session Reminders
- Client Demographics
- Health Fund Details
- Referral Sources
- Class Pass Management
- Export to Excel™ (CSV)
Messaging
- Send SMS and Email
- Receive SMS Replies
- Automated Reminders
- Message Templates
- Send iCal™ Events
Clinical Notes
- Customisable Templates
- Interactive Body Charts
- Shortcuts and Symbols
- Letter Creation and Editing
- Quick Historical Data
- Export to Excel™ (CSV)
Accounting
- Client Invoicing
- Combine Bulk Invoices
- Claim online from Medicare
- Claim online from DVA
- Synchronise with Xero™
- Export to MYOB™
- Export to Excel™ (CSV)
Security
- Custom User Groups
- Permission Controls
- HTTPS/SSL 256-bit Encryption
- Secure Off-site Backups
Administration
- Multi-location Management
- Staff Management
- Inventory and Stock Control
- Bulk Session Pass Purchases
Reporting
- Financial Reports
- Activity Reports
- Management Reports
- Export to PDF
- Export to Excel™ (CSV)
Can't see what you're looking for?