Need High Quality PLR Products?
Or Looking Your Own Business Solution?
What We Offer?
5000+ eBooks
300+ Graphics
350+ Templates
300+ Software
500+ Videos
+PLUS
200+ WordPress Themes and Plugins
50+ Turnkey PLR WordPress Blogs
30+ 30 Great Product collections
200,000 PLR Aricles divided in over 120 collections
+ BONUSES
+FREE SSD HOSTING FOR YOUR WEBSITE
You are in the right place!
7,000 PLR Products (include 5000+ eBooks) and 200,000 PLR Aricles. Daily Update!
What is NorthPublisher?
NorthPublisher is an online membership site with a rapidly growing collection of the latest and high quality digital products, all designed to help you build and grow a real online business.
***Trusted by 10,000 Internet Marketers, Webmasters and Bloggers***
Why Choose Us?
1. We Provide Instant Product Download Access with all Purchases
2. Diverse Range of Product Types
3. We Stock a Wide Variety of Hot Niches
4. We Deliver Quality Information Products
5. Our Prices are Among the Cheapest Out There
6. We Give Our Customers Top Notch After Sale Support
7. We Are Constantly Adding the Latest Products on a Daily Basis
Daily New Product Releases
We release new products almost on daily basis since 2012. Your membership includes access to the current 7,000+ products (and 200,000 PLR articles) as well as all future releases, as long as your membership is active!
Unlimited Access
Be a PREMIUM member for only $9.95 Monthly, $89.95 Yearly or $149.95 Lifetime. Download as you browse – all “Add To Card” buttons (as you can see on product pages and in individual product pages) will be changed to “Download” once logged in as PREMIUM member.
More than 30 Great Product collections
Almost 1000 PLR Product classified in 40+ Thematic collections. You can sell each product or collections individually and keep the entire profit!
Not sure how to start?
Here are 12 ways to start making money with our PLR products now
♥ Start an online store or membership site
Sell our products instantly, as is, or modify them for a unique offer
People are more likely to buy from you when you offer additional incentives for purchasing your product
Build a large email list by offering free products when people sign up
People flock to websites that provide valuable information. Fill your website with the content from our products and attract more visitors
Amazon, Shopify, eBay, Tradebit, and others
Setup an affiliate program for your product(s) and have others promote it instead of you
Get more buyers by offering free bonus products to people who purchase your affiliate product
Reach a larger, untapped market where there’s less competition
Print physical books or reports and reach people who prefer physical copies
Build trust with your email subscribers by sending them valuable content for free. Then offer your digital product as premium paid content
People like to get stuff on their address. Put the PLR product into CDs or DVDs and ship them to your customers
Edit the products, add value, and then sell it at a higher price at popular marketplaces like Flippa or WarriorForum
WORK SMARTER. NOT HARDER.
Our PLR NorthPublisher Club membership solves every entrepreneur’s search, whether it be PLR eBooks, PLR software, PLR videos, Unique PLR articles and more. Belong to a fun e-book community of people just like you.
USER-FRIENDLY NAVIGATION
Simply find your niche and download your products or use our built-in search system to locate those really special items.
About Our Digital Products
Northpublisher.com is all about digital products that users such as yourself can resell. All the products found here on our platform are of digital nature. And the best thing about this is that most of the products found here within the PLR Database can be resold. As a lot of them have licenses from the creators and authors that allow you to legally resell them.
If you’re interested in making money online, then you have come to the right place. As we can offer you the largest collection of resellable digital products online. All with licenses that allow you to resell the products obtaining 100% of the profits.
All our digital products found within the marketplace have the following licenses:
A. Personal Use Right(PR)
B. Resell Rights (RR)
C. Master Resell Rights (MRR)
D. Private Label Rights (PLR)
E. Give Away Rights (GR)