Our People
At Northwestern, students, alumni, faculty and staff create their own definitions of success.
Meet some of our people
Northwestern alumni return to campus Oct. 24-27.learn more
At Northwestern, students, alumni, faculty and staff create their own definitions of success.
Meet some of our people
Bordered by a Great Lake and a global city, our campus offers the best of both worlds.
Explore campus highlights
From concerts to lectures, there is always something happening on campus.
More Campus Events
Differences are central to broadening our perspectives, creating thoughtful leaders and sparking new ideas. So, we are diligent about creating an environment that is inclusive and truly diverse. Our students, faculty and staff come from different backgrounds — intellectually, ethnically, economically and geographically — and we wouldn't have it any other way.
Northwestern scholars are tackling some of our world’s most complex problems. These are bold goals that can only be accomplished through collaboration across diverse fields of study.
Some of our most exciting projects bring together disciplines for new partnerships.
Northwestern is no ivory tower. It’s a launching pad to every corner of the globe.
More than 32% of undergraduates supplement their academic studies with an international experience, such as field study, cultural immersion or exchange abroad. Our faculty collaborate with organizations and scholars around the world to advance research.
It’s not just our state-of-the-art facilities or generous funding that makes Northwestern one of the most exciting major research universities in the country. It’s our mindset.
Our curiosity leads us to seek out the unexpected; our ambition leads us to work past mistakes to milestones. This unique environment fosters significant research across every discipline.
The Arts Circle. Your destination for world-class performances and exhibitions. The Arts Together.
Go to Arts Circle
Learn about Northwestern's many centers, institutes and curricula that focus on generating ideas and commercializing them.
Go to Innovation & Entrepreneurship
Northwestern sports 19 highly competitive varsity athletic programs. Get the latest Wildcat news from around the Big Ten.
Go to Nusports.com
Ours is a unique environment. One that unites knowledge and ideas, ambition and imagination, hard work and joy.
Northwestern University does not discriminate or permit discrimination by any member of its community against any individual on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, parental status, marital status, age, disability, citizenship status, veteran status, genetic information or any other classification protected by law in matters of admissions, employment, housing, or services or in the educational programs or activities it operates. Individuals who feel they have been discriminated against on the basis of any of these classes should contact the University’s Office of Equity.