The smart way to name your business
Looking for a business name? It’s easy with Novanym. Just browse hundreds of brilliant names; find the name you like; and with a simple one-time purchase it’s yours. Each company name comes with a perfect .com domain and a choice of logo designs. Find your new business name today.
Professional branding ...without an agency
- Ready-made business brand names
- Names come with a perfect match .com and a choice of logo designs
- With one simple purchase, your business is named and branded
- Your .com domain is ready and waiting for your website and email
Featured namesView 100 featured
View names by industry or type of businessView all categories
Search for your business name
Using a single word is best - like 'software', 'property' or 'water'.
Let Novanym's SmartSearch™ do the work for you. Just enter a single word and we'll show you a selection of related business names.
Brandable .com domains make great business names
Novanym sells the world’s best brandable domains.
All of our domain names have been developed in-house by experienced branding experts, and are designed to become brand names - professional business names that are distinctive, memorable and evocative.
Investing in a .com domain is a smart business decision
A business name with a matching .com domain - known as a brandable domain - is a valuable asset. All serious businesses own a .com because it’s easy to remember, adds credibility, and - most importantly - it protects the brand name.
That’s why the .com is the world’s default domain.
JUST ADDED!View all new names
What kind of names will I find on Novanym?
Just like the great brand names we're all familiar with, the business names you'll find on Novanym aren't literal or descriptive. They're invented names that are distinctive, evocative and memorable. They're more than just names - they're designed to become brand names.
Hassle-free domain transfer
Novanym owns all domains - so there are no third-parties to deal with and your transfer is guaranteed. Domain transfers can seem daunting, but we’ll help you all the way.
Shhh... it’s between you and us
When you purchase your new name, we remove all links to Novanym from Google search results. Nobody needs to know that you bought your name and domain from us. We never promote sales.
Created by humans (not robots)
Our names aren’t generated by robots or by AI or selected from a spreadsheet. They are created by branding professionals.