Application Control Policy
Application Control is a very powerful tool used to block particular applications.
Net Protector defends your Office Network from all virus, worm and spyware attacks and keeps your business lifeline, Network and PCs, running smoothly and securely.
Total Security for Business Networks with following features
One Click Installation. Easy to install on each PC in the Network.
Printer Activity feature, efficiently monitors and logs printing tasks done by all the managed endpoints.
Start the scanning and updates on selected clients.
Restricts access (Allow / Block / Read-Only) to USB removable media.
Manage client data backup from the server for safe keeping against any corruption or ransomware.
Remotely manage Antivirus Settings and Policies on a Single PC or Group.
Automates the process for managing Local Administrative passwords on endpoints.
Ease of Listing, tracking of system hardware components.
Administrator can monitor the Internet Traffic over the LAN with help of Advanced graphical charts.
Policy Feature helps to control & manage the endpoint users or their group, centrally.
Tuner optimizes your system extensively & removes unnecessary resource hogs,thus creates clean environment.
Total Security for Home users with following features
Net Protector Total Security provides you multilayered protection. Ensures smooth, fast internet connection and surfing. Reduces Unwanted Traffic.
Real-time Protection stops the viruses before they reach your Personal Computer, keeping your Applications and Data safe. Complete security solution for home users.Buy Now
Multilayered protection against all types of viruses.
Detects & Blocks Ransomware actions in the system with different heuristic rules.
Protects data in the system, even if the infection is originated at some other endpoints in the network.
Automatically, backups your recently edited Documents for safe keeping against any corruption or ransomware.
Blocks fraudulent bank look-alike pages & login credential stealing links.
Scans & lists exposed areas of all network endpoints as well as roaming devices.
Blocks new, unknown Ransomware which corrupt & encrypt data files.
Updates antivirus in the background automatically every hour as connected to internet.
Tunes up system extensively & remove unnecessary resource hogs, creates a clean environment.
Total Security for Home users with following features
Net Protector Z-Security has come up with a new feature called "Anti-Ransomware" to safeguard your valuable data. This Edition has multiple layers of protection against Ransomware Threats.
Blocks unwanted sites. Office: Increase productivity of employees Block video & MP3, Torrent.Buy Now
Blocks unwanted sites, videos, MP3s, Torrents & increases the productivity of employees.
Detects & Blocks Ransomware actions in the system with different heuristic rules.
Protects data in the system, even if the infection is originated at some other endpoints in the network.
Allows to unhide the files & folders which are hidden by Malware.
Monitors the Processes & CPU Usage with high memory & high CPU usage.
Automatically, backups your recently edited Documents for safe keeping against any corruption or ransomware
Blocks fraudulent bank look-alike pages & login credential stealing links.
Blocks execution of malware programs & applications.
Scans & lists exposed areas of all network endpoints as well as roaming devices.
Blocks new, unknown Ransomwares which corrupt & encrypt data files.
Updates antivirus in the background automatically every hour as connected to internet
Tunes up system extensively & remove unnecessary resource hogs, creates a clean environment
|Compare Products
|
Total Security
|
Z-Security
|Antivirus & Anti-Malware
|Behavior Heuristic Control
|Ransomware LAN Shield
|Advertise Blocker
|Firewall
|Data Backup
|Anti-Phishing
|Vulnerability Scanner
|Anti-Ransomware Shield
|Automatic Updates
|Parental Control
|System Tuner
|Performance Monitor
|Application Control
|Unhide Folders and Files
|Web Control
|Price
|₹ 750
|₹ 1650
Application Control is a very powerful tool used to block particular applications.
Shield of Admin Console is useful to give command related ...
Administrator can follow below easy steps to take Data Backup of network PCs.
Net Protector is a current member of the checkmark certification system. The product is tested and validated for its functionality and performance in accordance with the test criteria and standards of the certification.
NPAV Lab is pleased to Announce that our product Net Protector Total Internet Security 15.x is now an OPSWAT Certified Security Application for Anti-Malware.