Build amazing things
npm Enterprise now offers package filtering, SSO & vulnerability reporting features, making enterprise Javascript more secure & streamlining the developer experience.
Learn more >>
npm is the tool used by over 11,000,000 JavaScript developers around the world. Your developers already use it. Your company depends on it. Create an Org and get more out of the tools your team already knows and loves.
Zero configuration
Create an org, add your team, and start collaborating. Nothing to configure, set up, or manage.
Team management
Control who has access to what modules within your team namespace using straightforward team management capabilities.
Familiar features
npm Orgs has 100% parity with all the public npm registry features your developers already use.
npm audit
Enjoy the security auditing features built into the npm client, a zero-friction way to make open source software safer.
npm Enterprise
Bring your development under one roof, and get a handle on your company’s open source footprint with our secure, single-tenant, managed service. npm Enterprise empowers developers to do what they do best while providing you with industry-leading administrative capabilities. Reduce risk while reducing friction.
Security expertise
npm is the central authority on JavaScript security. Automatically find and fix security vulnerabilities before they ever make it into production, with nothing to set up or install.
De-duplicated development
npm’s search and distribution features have revolutionized the way developers collaborate. Unlimited namespaces allow your teams to easily share and manage their code.
Access control
Single sign-on gives you total control of who has access to your system, allowing you to distribute permissions in a way that matches your company structure.
Unrivaled support
npm, Inc. has scaled the npm registry to over 11 million people worldwide. Let us bring our operational expertise to you with best-in-class support for the tool your developers depend on.
Every company with a website uses npm, from small development shops to the largest enterprises in the world.
Join the companies taking their software development to the next level with industry-leading offerings from npm, Inc., the center of the modular software revolution.