ADVANCING
the STRENGTH &
CONDITIONING
PROFESSION
Incorporating land-based strength and conditioning into a training regimen can give a swimmer a competitive edge. As with every sport, there are sport-specific exercises the athlete should perform in order to mimic the specific sport movement they are trying to improve.
This article will present a sample program that was implemented successfully by a group of older women in competition, and discuss the general exercise principles utilized to increase BMD in postmenopausal women.
This article presents the shoulder taps, which could serve as a more time-efficient screening tool for tactical operators. Although this article will present the shoulder taps as an assessment modality, it may be expanded upon and prescribed as an exercise for the purpose of improving trunk, hip, and shoulder stability.
This infographic explains how utilizing the rear foot elevated split squat is a reliable method of testing unilateral leg strength and how it can measure athletes’ symmetry in producing vertical ground reactive forces.
This excerpt from Developing the Core discusses two testing methods that may predict a strong or weak core based on how well the participant completes the task.
NSCA certifications are for dedicated, knowledge-hungry, hardworking strength and conditioning professionals. When you have an NSCA credential on your resume you elevate yourself. You become the standard that employers seek when hiring strength and conditioning positions. NSCA certifications can help differentiate you from the competition while joining the ranks of some of the top experts in the industry. If you’re ready, rise to the occasion. Equip yourself with the tools needed to apply evidence-based research to positively impact the health, lives, and athletic performance of others.Get Certified
Review, record, and edit your CEU activities and achievements.Report CEUs
Find live, in-person events and home study learning opportunities that qualify for NSCA-approved CEUs. These are valid toward recertification for all four NSCA certifications.View CEU opportunities
Zip code:Change
Loading...
"I stay an NSCA member for the relationships I have made and for opportunities to mentor young coaches."
Swipe or click