Explore The Story Behind Us
Dr. Heinrich Hellstern, Director of HEKS (a Swiss NGO), through his noble gesture, set the ball rolling for opening a Technical Training institute at Nettur, Tellicherry (Kerala), in 1959. Nettur Technical Training Foundation was formed in 1963. NTTF is the repository of active technical support and knowledge transfer from Swiss industry and training institutions. The seed sown 50 years ago - the decision to start tool and die-making courses at Tellicherry - has grown into a productive plant, surpassing even the most optimistic of expectations. The foundation has successfully developed itself and promoted technical training to suit the needs of the society, all across India.
State-Of-The-Art Training to Cultivate Capacities for Success
NTTF offers various programs at the Postgraduate Degree, Postgraduate Diploma, Post Diploma, Diploma, Diploma and Certificate levels, apart from various short-term non-formal/vocational programs. All programs offered by NTTF are employment-oriented and industry-focused
Unlock Your Employees Potential With Corporate Training
Leveraging its many training centres across India, NTTF also conducts customised short-term and long-term "Corporate Training" programs for the employees of companies in the automotive and non-automotive verticals. For the past five decades of service, NTTF has gained strength in traning manpower in soft-skills, functional skills and technical skills as defined by the industries.
Turning Lower Income Group Students
"The NEEM programme is rolled out in partnership with industries and would contribute in bringing down the unemployability rate among the Indian youth thereby developing the employable skills through On-the-job practical training."
Minimizing Gap Between Demand & Supply of Skilled Manpower of Nation
In Skill Development, trainees are continuously monitored and assessed with standard procedures by trained faculties. The assessment methodology involves testing for theory and practical’s. The attendance of the student, behaviour, participation in various training activities, performance in assignments, proficiency gained in particular skills, and development of soft skills are also assessed.
Addressing India's ReSkilling Challenge With Emerging Technology Training
Thanks to the rapid emergence of advanced digital technologies, businesses face an imperative: trandform or risk being disrupted. Organisations must prioritise the reskilling of their IT workforces to best exploit the opportunities of emerging technologies. We, at NTTF, help you gain the knowledge of foundational technologies, but ensure you stay adopt of next generation technolgies.
Stay Updated With
The Latest Happenings
Explore the latest releases about campus events, student and faculty accomplishments, breaking news, emergency information, and NTTF publications. Know the latest news and events at NTTF and stay updated.
NTTFian wins the golden
award in ICQCC
Congratulation NTTF Tellicherry TEAM-the Quality Circle KAIZENCHIMU of NTTF Tellicherry Traning centre, who participated in the international convention of Quality Control Circle held at Singapore from 22nd to 25th October has bagged the GOLD award, for their case study presentation
We are happy to inform that an ‘Agreement of Collaboration’ was signed on 24th June’19 between NTTF and The Public Establishment for Industrial Estates – Madayn to establish the Vocational Training Centre and conduct the training programs at Sultanate of Oman. It is the first association for NTTF outside India.An Eight Member delegation representing Madayn, Ministry of Commerce & Industry, Petroleum Development of Oman and Implementation Support Unit – Government of Oman visited NTTF Electronics Centres and witnessed the various programs being conducted.
Mr. Basaralu Sudharshan, CPSM, Director NTTF, Speaking at ASDC - Automotive Skill Development Council partners Forum 2019 and represented best practices as Training Partner.
NTTF Electronic city launching CoE for Additive Manufacturing. With our immense experience in Product development and manufacturing experience and capabilities, this setup will extend the ability to serve, much needed, additive manufacturing needs of the industry. NTTF’s Additive Manufacturing CoE setup hosts J750, F900, Connex 3 260, F370 and object 30 Prime. On Customer day, Mr. Christopher K Raj, Director, NTTF presenting capabilities of our facility, and how best to use our CoE.
Another milestone and proud moment for NTTF. Dr G Vishwanath, Chancellor of VIT, Vellore and NTTF MD signed the MOU today at VIT, Vellore for B.Voc. Degree courses.
Graduation ceremony of NTTF NEEM Program at TATA ADVANCED MATERIALS LTD at Jigani plant in Bangalore today (30/04/2019). 32 Trainees completed 3-Year Diploma in Aerospace Mfg Technology (Advanced Composites), sponsored by Boeing and TAML. All trainees are placed! Mr.Kiran Hugar, Training Officer,NTTF received the ‘appreciation award’
NTTF Celebrated 35th Annual Day at NTTF Electronic City centre.
MRF Tyres supervisor Development program inaugurated. There are 28 participants in this batch. More than 100 Supervisors will be trained through this program. Senior Management from MRF and NTTF were present during the Inaugural function.
Get Trained With NTTF
and Get Placed With Top
Companies
We are proud to say that we have a placement record of placing our students in more than 500 leading industrial institutions all around the world. We, at NTTF, have our prime foci on the overall development and the training of the students, and we thrive in the knowledge that the talents of our students have always proven us right with respect to placement success.