Limited Time!!! Please share this information with everyone NOW!!!
Signed in as:
filler@godaddy.com
Account
Pointing the evolution of humanity in the right direction
Alpha Code
After finding out that events such as the Sri Lanka Tsunami, and the London tunnel bombings were directly connected to my life, along with non stop presence of abuse, torture and warfare, I researched and found out about the existence of the International Criminal Court. I wrote them a letter in September 2007, and got a response stating they filed a case on my behalf. The letter dated September 23, 2007.
Timeline of events after the case was filed:
Winter 2007: I moved back to Europe, cause stay in America was unbarable.
Spring 2008: I return back to America, after no success and no communication from the ICC or any Government of Macedonia, while I received a e-mail stamped from the European Union that they are working on my case.
Spring 2009: Obama paid off 4 trillion dollars.
Spring 2009: Disapointed from Government corruption I decided to move back to Europe to try to renounce my USA citizenship.
January 2010: Haiti quakes with estimates of 250,000 lives lost, during my 2nd attempt to renounce my USA citizenship, once again with direct connections to my life.
March 2011: Japan quakes with over 15,000 dead during my 3rd attempt to renounce my USA citizenship.
Fall 2013: Returned to the USA, and renounced my Macedonian citizenship due to Government corruption and no help.
Many more smaller incidents have occurred during the years not listed here.
Are you a beginner, expert, or somewhere in between? Not to worry! The high-quality information designed to prepare you for prevention and your next step. No matter what your skill level. Currently membership to the site is free to join. If you are interested in becoming a member submit a request through the contact form. By becoming a member you will be given access to private pages where you will be able to help participate in raising awareness in your community. Being a member will also give you early access to codes or material that get released.
Please share the information above with any Government authority, United Nations, education facilities, friends and family members, and raise your voices.
Genocide needs to be confronted publicly as genocides instead of natural disasters.
Investigations on genocide need to be publicly announced and publicly confronted so more people can be aware and support it, bringing quick results instead of years of cover up and pain for the victims. Please share and raise awareness to the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami and 2010 Haiti genocides.
Preview of Government Secret Code documentary, in this video Goranco Petrovski breaks down codes from the beginning of Government History as well as recent events.
Goranco Petrovski, the number 1 victim of crime in the world, reveals the beginning of the bible and connections of easy explanation to the modern world. The codes for Cain and Abel, meaning of Atom and Evolution to Adam and Eve
Number 1 Victim Of Crime, Closer To Em Free Download
Be the first to hear about upcoming release of codes, special events, and registrations.
Copyright © 2018 Number 1 Victim Of Crime - All Rights Reserved.
This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this site, you accept our use of cookies.