Transfer your phone number and save monthlyCan I Transfer My Number?
Simple phone number storageLearn More
Forward calls to another phone numberLearn More
Get a new toll free or local phone number and save monthly by forwarding calls to your existing phone number.Find My New Number
Transfer your existing landline or cell number and save every month with our number parking and forwarding plans.Get Transfer Started
Moving and have to get a new local number? On a temporary leave? Transfer and park your old number and safely store it with NumberBarn until you are ready to activate it and receive calls.
Need a number for an auction or ad but don't want to answer every call? Let callers leave you a voicemail message and return only the calls you want.
Port your old number or get a new number and start call forwarding to your mobile phone (or any phone). Our forwarding plan saves you money every month!
NumberBarn offers lower parking rates than just about every phone service. Want to forward your number? You'll save even more.
You own your numbers! Don't lose them when canceling another service. Keep them and never have to give out a new number again.
Simple management of your number(s) from any device with a browser and internet connection, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Forward calls to your old landline number to a cell phone. Callers won't know the difference and you don't have to update your number.
Halle-frickin-lujah!!!! We could not be happier than to be OFF of [carrier]. Thank you SO much for your diligence and tenacity in getting our number transferred! You guys ROCK!
Nancy & Craig
Just a short note to say thank you for the brilliant service. Love THE PIG; spreading good words. Thank you.
David
NumberBarn is a fantastic solution. Rather than paying [carrier] $50/mo to have an outgoing message after we closed our medical office, I chose NumberBarn. Can't say enough positive about NumberBarn!!
Ellen
Feel safe and secure when entrusting your phone numbers to NumberBarn. We Offer:
The lowest prices in the industry
First-class customer support
No contracts or hidden fees
A fun pig as a mascot
"Porting" simply means transferring your existing landline or cell phone number from one telephone service provider to another.
You own it! We simply take care of it for you. We "port in" your number from your current provider and maintain it. Under the FCC’s “local number portability” (LNP) rules, you are legally able to keep your number when you move or change phone companies.
You can purchase a new number from any of the area codes we offer.
You can port and/or purchase as many phone numbers as you want and manage them all within a single NumberBarn account.
If you no longer wish to use NumberBarn, you can cancel at any time.
Parking your number means storing it with an active service so you can maintain ownership of the number. You can activate it when you need it and not have to give out a new phone number.
We forward all incoming calls to your NumberBarn number to the active phone number you enter in your control panel.
No. We make it ring, you just answer it.
Call forwarding plans are subject to the Federal Universal Service Fund (FUSF) fee imposed by the FCC.
Any callers who dial your parked number will hear a short, pre-recorded message telling them the number is parked with NumberBarn. To hear this message, call 844-586-5686
Pricing is simple. No hidden fees, no commitments, and no surprises.Get Started Now