Our Family's Picks
Nuts view more »
Dried Fruit view more »
Chocolates & Sweets view more »
Snacks view more »
Cooking & Baking view more »
Coffee & Tea view more »
From our family to yours, since 1929Read our story
On the brink of the Depression, our beloved grandfather Poppy Sol started this business in the open-air market on Mulberry street. Three generations later, our online store offers you the same personal service Poppy Sol did back then, and we’re still bringing smiles to our customers’ faces.
These no-bake pumpkin cheesecake bites are a dreamy fall treat. This recipe contains none of the refined sugar, cream cheese, or heavy whipping cream used to make traditional cheesecakes, and is fit for both gluten-free and vegan diets.
Protein-rich chicken, antioxidant-packed spices and fresh spinach make this dish a well-balanced meal. Easily incorporate into your weeknight dinner rotation and serve alongside your favorite rice or grain.
Tender, tart apples complement the salty-sweet caramel sauce and flaky crust for a treat that’s sure to leave a lasting impression at any gathering.
Our customers are nuts about us…
I FINALLY FOUND YOU!!! ... Your product speaks for itself. My family has been coming to your shop for several generations. I remember when Poppy would usher us into the shop with all these wonderful smells in the early 70's. Nuts, coffee, and fruit from all over the world. The smell of fresh peanuts roasting every saturday morning. The hustle and bustle of Mulberry Market at 8am. Deliveries in large trucks in and out all morning long. Everyone wanted the first batch. Thank you for keeping Poppy's dream alive, the business thriving and the product the same. (EXCELLENT) Now that I've found you, I will spread the word. I travel all over the world, but in terms of fruit, candy and nuts.... there is no comparison. Keep the good work up.Anthony, Newark, NJ
Nutsonline has helped me to transform my life into a happier and healthier one. They are efficient, well priced, have THE BEST selection of any online site out there. The quality of your products and amazing compassionate customer service will keep me coming back, and has made me a customer for life! what can i say... im NUTS about you guys!Jill, Yardley, PA
OK—now I believe all your other testimonials. Your service is unbelievably fast (I ordered yesterday morning, my order arrived this afternoon), and the products are amazing. I couldn't help myself. I opened every bag and tasted everything. The sesame sticks are so fresh, the dried pears so soft—and the veggie chips positively addictive. You can bet I'll be back.Judith, Calverton, NY
Boy are we glad we found you Nuts.com! We are a nutty family (you know what I mean!) ;) We just ordered our first ever order. Not only did it arrive a day earlier than estimated, the package was just precious! Your emails that kept us updated were ADORABLE! So funny. We are so pleased with our experience and will now only buy our nuts and dried fruits from you. We've already got the next order picked out! It is such a pleasure to experience such great customer service when it isn't always great everywhere. Thanks nuts.com, we'll spread the good word!The Smith Family, NC