Each student writes, shoots, directs and edits 8 films and works on crew of 28 more in the first year!
16mm • 35mm • Hi-Def • Super 16mm • Red Dragon® • HDSLR
Steven Spielberg, Martin Scorsese, Bruce Springsteen, Al Pacino, Robert Downey Jr., Jamie Foxx,
and Jodie Foster are among the many figures in the film industry who have sent their family
members to study at the New York Film Academy. We are honored to be the film and acting school of choice of these
other luminaries including Kevin Kline, Pierce Brosnan, Susan Sarandon and Tim Robbins,
Bono (U2), directors Stephen Frears, Peter Bogdanovich, Roger Donaldson and James
L. Brooks.
New York Film Academy is honored to have many of the industry’s best impart their knowledge to our film school students as guest speakers, including Kim Cattrall, Seth Rogen, Kevin James, Glenn Close, Bryan Cranston, Rachel Maddow, Jamie Lee Curtis, J. K. Simmons, Mira Nair, Russell Hornsby, William Wegman, and many more.
The New York Film Academy was founded on the philosophy that "learning by doing"
combined with best industry practices is more valuable than years of theoretical study for filmmakers and actors.
This educational model allows students to achieve more in less time than at all other film or acting schools in the
world.
Degrees
The New York Film Academy offers camps, short-term workshops, conservatory-style programs, and
degree programs. The Academy’s one- and two-year conservatory-style programs include topics in Filmmaking, Acting for
Film, Producing, Screenwriting, 3D Animation, Cinematography, Broadcast Journalism, Photography, Graphic
Design, Musical Theatre, and Game Design; as well as an
accelerated three-year Bachelor of Fine Arts (BFA) degree programs
in Filmmaking, Acting for Film, Producing, Screenwriting, 3D Animation, Graphic Design, and Game Design, and a
Bachelor of Arts (BA) in Media Studies. Our school
also offers two-year Master of Fine Arts (MFA) degrees in
Filmmaking, Acting for Film, Screenwriting, Producing, Cinematography, Documentary, Game Design and Photography,
and two-year Associate of Fine Arts (AFA) degrees in Filmmaking,
Acting for Film, Producing, Screenwriting and Game Design, and a Master of Arts (MA) in Film and Media Production at our Los Angeles campus. Each program is structured for students who want intensive training from award-winning
faculty, using professional facilities and equipment starting their first day of classes; better preparing them for
a career in the motion picture and entertainment industries. In the first year of any of our filmmaking programs
each film school student will write, shoot, direct and edit eight films and work as crew on 28 more! Register in any of our
world-class programs and get the experience you need to excel in your field.
Be ready for the most challenging and rewarding experience of your life. Gain unsurpassed real-world experience to
prepare you to pursue a career in filmmaking, acting for film, screenwriting, producing, cinematography, 3D animation
or musical theatre. Enroll in a short-term workshop or spend one, two, or three years dedicated to perfecting your craft,
instead of just reading books and attending lectures.
The New York Film Academy is considered the best hands-on film school in the world by many of today's top filmmakers.
Our student body is remarkably diverse. Across our New York City, Los Angeles and
South Beach campuses, our students represent
over 120 different nationalities, and this diversity adds to the creative atmosphere and fosters a unique artistic
community.
All programs and workshops are solely owned and operated by the New York Film Academy and are not affiliated with Universal Studios or Harvard University.
GI Bill® is a registered trademark of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). More information about education benefits offered by VA is available at the official U.S. government website at http://www.benefits.va.gov/gibill.
Not all programs are offered at all locations.
New York Film Academy
New York Film Academy film and acting school offers the best hands-on degrees, accelerated courses, and intensive workshops. Call +1 (212) 674-4300 for more info.