NZ Pleasures – NZ Escorts, Agencies, Strip Clubs and more!
Welcome to NZ Pleasures, we are the only website to visit when you want to find the best adult entertainment in New Zealand. What is it you are searching for… independent full-service escorts, escort agencies and clubs, sensual massage, sex clubs, strip clubs, BDSM, or fetish? Here at NZ Pleasures we have you covered.
NZ Pleasures lists only the best providers, seductive sensual masseuses, Dommes and fetish providers New Zealand has to offer. You can easily navigate through our pages to discover the adult entertainment providers in Christchurch, Wellington, Hamilton, Auckland – to name just a few!
Are you hunting for an independent provider, then visit our escort directory, or perhaps you are searching for a club, agency, or parlour? We feature businesses from all over New Zealand including Auckland city, Wellington CBD and Christchurch. But we don’t stop there, we also have agencies and club advertisers spaced around the country for your enjoyment.
Do you want to enjoy a more intimate view of the NZ Pleasures advertisers? Then let me introduce…The VIP section. Within our VIP section you can create a list of your favourite NZ providers and you’ll receive notifications as companions alter their profiles. As a VIP you will also gain access to exclusive, for VIP eyes only, photos and as we are always building in more features you never know what might pop up in the future. So, what are you waiting for sign up to be a VIP member today!
What about advertising your business through NZ Pleasures?
Advertising with us puts you in control of your advertising and in turn your business, no exclusivity rules, no contracts. Let us help by promoting your business through our platform, the platform that puts your business, our community first.
We understand that everyone has different circumstances, so we have built NZ Pleasures to ensure that we can give your escort advertising a place where it can shine and at a price you can afford. Will you become an NZ Pleasures Pin-up or enjoy our free advertising, perhaps a mix of both? It’s all up to you! If you are an Agency or Parlour we have an amazing advertising package called the Complete Business Package that will take your advertising to a new heights.
Registration is easy, simply click on the button below, follow the prompts and you’ll be up and running in no time! If you need any assistance when writing your profile check out our hints and tips on building an eye catching profile in our blog section.