Efficiently Collect Data
Over 7 million scored forms, 4 million active patients and 4,500 providers
The global leader in patient-reported outcomes collection
Benchmark Against the Best!
Entirely automated. Minimal disruption to clinic workflow. Patients complete questionnaires online or via SMS text-message from home or on the go. Scoring and analysis are automated, pushing valuable insight to providers and administrators. Use real-time reporting for shared decision making and enhancing patient care.Contact / Request Demo
Educate and Engage
CareGuide™ gets your patients the information they need to ensure the best possible outcome
Care pathway delivered when patients need it most
Tailored to specific procedures
Set patients' expectations and avoid costly re-admissions before they happen with striking visual patient education delivered digitally before, during and after a procedure.Contact / Request Demo
QCDR Qualified
MIPS data collection, monitoring and reporting with minimal workflow disruption
Taking MIPS quality off your hands
Maximize your reimbursement effectively
Collect and report MIPS data with minimal workflow disruption to obtain maximum reimbursement!Contact / Request Demo
Real-time Sync
OBERD's integration enables seamless data collection and access
In Your EMR!
Collect PROs with no workflow disruption
By integrating with your practice management system, OBERD can automatically enroll patients into specific PRO collection protocols. We can send PRO data to the EMR, create single-signon for data accessibility and more.Contact / Request Demo
Use Your Data
OBERD tools give you unrestricted, real-time access to your data.
Powerful patient satisfaction tools
Grow your practice through online reputation management!
Oberd will help you quickly grow the volume and quality of your physicians' ratings, driving more patients to your practice from ratings and review websites such as Healthgrades, Vitals and Google.Contact / Request Demo
Outcomes
Combined with Satisfaction you can be part of the Quality Measured Providers Global database. Choose any musculoskeletal PRO form, digitized and validated on OBERD with real-time scoring with benchmarking though largest Ortho DB and more.
- 11 Million Scored PRO with 3.6 Million Patients
- Registries
- Multi-Center Studies
- Standard of Care
- MIPS, CJR & AJRR Reporting
- eConsenting (FDA-11)
Education
Satisfied patients are patients who receives effective education. Set patients' expectations and avoid costly readmissions before they happen with striking visual patient education delivered digitally before, during and after a procedure.
- Care Pathways
- Interactive SMS Therapies
- Patient Education
- Public Site
- Pain Management
- Patient Score Cards
MIPS, CJR and AJRR Reporting
Collect and report MIPS, CJR and AJRR data effortlessly to obtain maximum reimbursement and meet your reporting needs!
- Specialized MIPS Registry
- Report with/without EMR Data
- Automated CJR Data Collection
- AJRR Reporting Through OBERD
- Reporting Dashboard & Notifications
Satisfaction
Combined with outcomes you can be part of the Quality Measured Providers Global database. Oberd will help you quickly grow the volume and quality of your physicians' ratings, driving more patients to your practice from ratings and review websites such as Healthgrades, Vitals, Google and Yelp.
- Reputation Management
- Patient Satisfaction
- Surgical Satisfaction
- CG-CAPS
- Marketing
Clinical Intakes
OBERD Human Computer Interaction team developed intakes forms that enables efficient data collection for patients and staff. It cuts patients onboarding time by 70%. Providers OpNotes and Physical exams and enriched with visuals reduce data collection. The data we collect can empower your practice to identify suboptimal procedures, implants or treatment decisions for specific populations so you can adjust your care.
- Intake Forms
- Demographics
- Registration
- Operative Notes
- Physical Exam
- eConsenting (FDA-11)
- eSignature
Benchmark & Market Yourself
With Quality Measured Doctor
View practice ranking and individual outcomes performance, with procedure volume, trended across all intervals. Comparative views with PRO and patient satisfaction data give you a true, wholistic measure of quality.
Easy to On-board Data Registries
Jump into a registry today!
Adopt standards, participate in renowned registries, and join the world's leading surgeons in exclusive studies.
AO Foundation Registries
Featuring the industry leading, fastest form completion time. Powered by our CAT Technology (Computer Adaptive Testing), OBERD is able to collect your data in less time.
ASES Sponsored Studies
Collaborate with ASES colleagues on select sponsored studies, powered by OBERD.Read More
PROMIS Global Registry
Featuring patient-friendly computer adaptive testing (CAT) with industry-leading fastest form completion time.
Regenerative Orthobiologics Registry
Join leading physicians around the country building a data set to show the efficacy of orthobiologics as a viable surgical alternative.
ShoulderJAM
Featuring the industry leading, fastest form completion time. Powered by our CAT Technology (Computer Adaptive Testing), Oberd is able to collect your data in less time.
Experts in all orthopaedic specialties & more
Patient reported data for standard-of-care, research, studies, and registries
Choose any musculoskeletal PRO form, digitized and validated on OBERD with real-time scoring. You can even create your own custom digital form.
Configure your own protocols and time intervals for specialized data collection, research studies and more. FDA-11 E-consenting available.
Foot & Ankle
Procedures & Forms
- 27650
Repair Achilles Tendon
FAAM (or FADI), QoL (VR/SF12, PROMIS, or EQ-5D-5L)
Pre-Op, 3mo, 6mo, 1yr, 2yr
- 27691
Revise Lower Leg Tendon
FAAM (or FADI), QoL (VR/SF12, PROMIS, or EQ-5D-5L)
Pre-Op, 3mo, 6mo, 1yr, 2yr
- 28750
Fusion of Big Toe Joint
FAAM (or FADI), QoL (VR/SF12, PROMIS, or EQ-5D-5L)
Pre-Op, 3mo, 6mo, 1yr, 2yr
- 20680
Removal of Support Implant
FAAM (or FADI), QoL (VR/SF12, PROMIS, or EQ-5D-5L)
Pre-Op, 3mo, 6mo, 1yr, 2yr
- 28289
Removal of Spinal Lamina
FAAM (or FADI), QoL (VR/SF12, PROMIS, or EQ-5D-5L)
Pre-Op, 3mo, 6mo, 1yr, 2yr
- 29891
Ankle Arthroscopy/Surgery
FAAM (or FADI), QoL (VR/SF12, PROMIS, or EQ-5D-5L)
Pre-Op, 3mo, 6mo, 1yr, 2yr
- 27829
Treat Lower Leg Joint
FAAM (or FADI), QoL (VR/SF12, PROMIS, or EQ-5D-5L)
Pre-Op, 3mo, 6mo, 1yr, 2yr
- 27814
Treatment of Ankle Fracture
FAAM (or FADI), QoL (VR/SF12, PROMIS, or EQ-5D-5L)
Pre-Op, 3mo, 6mo, 1yr, 2yr
- 28299
Correction of Bunion
FAAM (or FADI), QoL (VR/SF12, PROMIS, or EQ-5D-5L)
Pre-Op, 3mo, 6mo, 1yr, 2yr
- 27640
Partial Removal of Tibia
FAAM (or FADI), QoL (VR/SF12, PROMIS, or EQ-5D-5L)
Pre-Op, 3mo, 6mo, 1yr, 2yr
What our prestigious client base are saying about OBERD
"We are currently using CareGuide to prepare new patients for the type of service and outcomes to expect from us. The solution allowed patients to better understand our Geisinger processes and have greater confidence in their physicians."
Geisinger Health
"The end-to-end electronic data processing solution Oberd provided not only enabled data capture but also gained OrthoCarolina bonus points for each of the 6 quality measures submitted. We have worked with Oberd for many years, and we appreciate their expertise and commitment to assisting clients with achieving results."
OrthoCarolina
"The OBERD PRO collection solution has enabled our clinic to reduce staff time needed for follow up with such patients over the phone, and has boosted patients' PRO survey completion rate and follow-up eligibility for cases used in research studies."
Hinsdale Orthopaedics
"Oberd provided systems and consultation to identify ways to increase completion rates and reduce staff time for our intake forms and outcomes surveys. The Oberd solution and work flow enhancements have resulted in substantial improvement in completion rates by our patients."
Bone & Joint Clinic of Baton Rouge
"Our clinic had evolved to a massive paper shuffle for each patient visit. The Oberd system has allowed our staff to repurpose their time and be successful with data capture to meet our payment incentive program requirements."
Midwest Orthopaedics at Rush University
"We wanted to enhance our ability to track surgeries and capture a wide range of intra-operative data from physicians to link to patient outcomes data. Oberd worked closely with our staff and created our innovative and efficient electronic surgical forms that accomplish those objectives."
Andrews Sports Medicine & Orthopaedic Center
Contact Us Today!
Would you like to see a demonstration or have questions?
Let our solutions experts help you get started with OBERD today!