ᐊᕙᑖᓂᑦ ᑕᒪᐃᓐᓂᑦ ᓄᓇᑐᐃᓐᓇᓂᑦ / Among All These Tundras
Among All These Tundras features contemporary art by Indigenous artists from around the circumpolar world.
Among All These Tundras features contemporary art by Indigenous artists from around the circumpolar world.
OCAD University’s Faculty of Art is hosting a group exhibition focusing on climate justice, opening October 21, and culminating in a panel titled “Creative action during climate crisis,” on November 1. The submission-based exhibition, co-curated by Michelle Beck and Dana Snow, focuses on the idea of a multispecies interconnectivity that makes every organism necessary to one another in their surrounding environs. Messmates are companions – in Latin “cum panis” – who share bread and rely on each other for survival.
Announcing the 2019/2020 OCAD U Teaching Expo: Friday, January 17, 2020 The OCAD U Teaching Expo is an opportunity for all who teach or support learning in the OCAD U community to gather and share practices, ask questions, build relationships and collaborate with fellow educators. This peer-reviewed, full-day event is dedicated to reflecting upon our teaching and learning practices through workshops, presentations, facilitated discussions and demonstrations of class activities. Call for Proposals: Due November 19, 2019
Luke Parnell, Assistant Professor at OCAD University’s Faculty of Art, is taking part as a resident artist at the 2019 Festival Internacional Cervantino ̶ one of the largest arts festivals in the world. As this year's guest country at the festival, Canada will feature its vibrant and diverse arts sector on the stages and streets of Guanajuato, Mexico. As a resident artist, Parnell is working in a rooftop studio, with the backdrop of Guanajuato, October 13 to 19, 2019.
Dr. Caroline Langill, Vice-President, Academic & Provost, OCAD University, joined higher education and Indigenous leaders at the fifth annual Building Reconciliation Forum held last week at Algoma University – the only university in Canada located on the site of a former residential school. Jointly hosted by Algoma University, Shingwauk Kinoomaage Gamig, Nipissing University, Cape Breton University and the University of Northern British Columbia, the forum brought together more than 250 participants including university and Indigenous community leaders, Elders, residential school survivors, partners and students from across the country.I n advance of the fifth anniversary of the Final Report of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission of Canada, the forum offered participants a valuable opportunity to exchange ideas and share best practices on how to advance reconciliation through higher education and support the healing journey.
On Friday, September 27, OCAD University students joined thousands of demonstrators who turned out to push for action on climate change. The event was part of the Global Climate Strike that called for wide scale mobilization to halt, mitigate and prepare for the climate crisis.
OCAD University acknowledges the ancestral and traditional territories of the Mississaugas of the Credit, the Haudenosaunee, the Anishinaabe and the Huron-Wendat, who are the original owners and custodians of the land on which we stand.