online continuing education for
occupational therapists
- 450+ courses/over 25 topic areas
- Live webinar, video, text, & audio formats
- AOTA Approved CE Provider,
NBCOT® Professional Development Provider
- Course completion certificates provided
unlimited ceu access $99/yearJoin Now
Unlimited learning opportunities for OTs & OTAs
See what's new, sign up for a course and start earning CEUs now!
Access our entire course library for only $99/year
The Occupational Therapy courses you want, the CEUs you need – for the life of your career.
Unlimited Access
Learn on your own schedule, at your own pace, and earn all the CEUs you want.
Live Webinars
Live webinars offer real-time interaction and learning.
Mobile Access
Access continuing education courses and content anywhere, on any device, including your phone and tablet.
Video, Audio & Text Courses
Convenient formats for on-the-go learning that fits your busy schedule.
Trending Topics
Our content is updated weekly with courses that will give you the skills you need to succeed.
Transcript Management
See and track your courses at a glance.
"it's what you learn after you know it all that counts"
- john wooden
"This was my first online continuing education course as a new OT practitioner. I appreciate the ease of use and availability of evidence-based continuing education at one convenient website."
Erin Hunsaker, OTR/L
Meet our experts behind the scenes
Every day, our industry-leading experts develop courses + resources just for you. And each editor is a trained practitioner. (Just like you.)
Join thousands of Occupational Therapists & Occupational Therapy Assistants already learning on OccupationalTherapy.com.Join Now
Or take a free course ›
The Best Way to Earn CEUs
OccupationalTherapy.com strives to offer a hub of information and CE courses exclusively for the occupational therapy professional. Since launching in 2012, the site has become a leading online destination for occupational therapy professionals wanting to enhance their industry knowledge. OccupationalTherapy.com is an AOTA approved CE provider and NBCOT Professional Development provider.Read More ►
OccupationalTherapy.com is dedicated to providing OTs and COTAs access to respected clinicians and leading-edge content to support their professional development. The "Ask The Expert Series," which can be found in our Clinical Resources section, is a forum that allows leading experts to address commonly asked questions, as well as sometimes enigmatic occupational therapy-related topics. An additional wealth of industry knowledge exists within our selected article database, also available within the Clinical Resources section.