Influencer
marketing at scale
Octoly is an influencer marketing platform that enables brands to collaborate with our community of 20k+ vetted influencers with a reach of over 3 Billion engaged consumers.
Influencer
marketing at scale
Octoly is an influencer marketing platform that enables brands to collaborate with our community of 20k+ vetted influencers with a reach of over 3 Billion engaged consumers.
How can we help you?
Octoly helps brands connect with macro, micro, and nano influencers for authentic product reviews across social media and e-commerce platforms. We can recommend solutions based on your goals.
Social posts
Increase brand awareness
Reach up to 3 Billion new consumers by enlisting our nano, micro, and macro influencers to post about your brand and products on Instagram and YouTube.
Promo code campaigns
Acquire new customers
Allow your influencers to share promo codes with their communities encourage traffic to your site and conversion of new customers, all while being able to track which influencers are key to your growth.
Events
Grow your community
Generate buzz around product launches, pop-up shops, and getaways by inviting influencers to attend and evangelize your brand events.
E-Commerce review campaigns
Provide social proof
Leverage our community of nano and micro influencers to generate authentic text reviews
Case Studies
Octoly partners with the word's best brands across beauty, fashion, fitness, and lifestyle. Here are some of our favorite success stories!
Thanks to Octoly Instagramers, we boosted traffic to Suncoo website by 60% and had great returns on sales."
With Octoly, we generated 4.500 authentic reviews and 10M interactions on Instagram and Youtube, boosting our visibility on social media."
In 6 months, we had generated 1,369 reviews from influencers representing more than 4M interactions."
Octoly has helped our company grow in more ways than one. We earned over $68,000 in EMV and gained over 446,000 interactions in six months."
Here's How It Works
Octoly is a platform that connects your brand with our community of influencers
to create authentic and engaging content.
Create a campaign
Choose your products and target influencers based on engagement, category, location, and audience demographics and more.
Connect with influencers
Review influencer campaign applications and choose which influencers you want to collaborate with to promote your products - no outreach required!
Receive high quality assets
Influencers create authentic content according to your campaign brief, sharing it with their dedicated followers.
Measure the results
Track the performance of each campaign, product, and influencer so you can optimize future activations based on earned media value, reach, impressions, clicks, and engagment rate.
Reach 3 Billion+ Subscribers
Our international community of influencers helps brands connect with customers around the world or across the street.