Oilersnation Radio Episode 59 – Comeback kids, Mikko Koskinen, and Ryan Nugent-Hopkins
Here we are on a Friday afternoon after a big comeback win with a brand new episode of Oilersnation Radio to fill your eardrums with all of the Oilers-related news…Read More →
Do the Oilers have enough in the net?
It was January 21, 2018, and I was in the midst of a beautiful day trip with my amazing girlfriend to Lake Louise when I got the Tweet notification from…Read More →
Nation Brunch Party presented by The Canadian Brewhouse
After having so much fun at the Season Launch Party a couple of weeks ago, we decided that we should probably throw another all-ages event with our friends at The…Read More →
The Nation Roundup
Lucic is better than Neal; Craig Button says Draisaitl better than Matthews; is Ho-Sang close to being dealt; it’s time for NHL to scrap the White house visit and more…Read More →
GDB 11.0 Wrap Up: Shout out to everyone that left early, Oilers win it 4-3 in OT
HOLY HELL WHAT A COMEBACK! Final Score: 4-3 Oilers in OTRead More →
Oilersnation Pre Game Podcast – Edmonton Oilers vs Washington Capitals
Coming off just their second regulation loss of the season, the Edmonton Oilers will return to home ice tonight. Their opponent will be the red-hot Washington Capitals who are currently…Read More →
2 Guys and a Goalie pres. by Odds Shark Ep. 11 w/ Chris Abbott and Martin Biron- Great Questions
Welcome to “2 Guys and a Goalie,” starring Dustin Nielson, Joaquin Gage, and Matt Kassian and presented by Odds Shark, Popeye’s Louisiana Chicken, and Sports Clips Haircuts. The show focuses…Read More →
GDB 11.0: Elite Matchups (7pm MT, SN1)
The Washington Capitals are one of the elite teams in the NHL, led by high-end talent in Alex Ovechkin, Nicklas Backstrom, Evgeny Kuznetsov and John Carlson. They also have a…Read More →
OILERSNATION – Edmonton Oilers News, Editorials, Game Notes, Scores, Schedule, and Analysis
OILERSNATION has been a leader in the hockey community for a decade and we pride ourselves on being the most in-depth space on the web for Edmonton Oilers coverage. With each visit, you’ll be provided with daily doses of news, analysis, editorials, opinion pieces, and any other flavour of Oilers content that we can get our hands on. We pride ourselves on our ability to offer a wide array of content types for all fans regardless of your areas of interest within the game of hockey. If you’re an Oilers fan, we will have something for you. If you’re not an Oilers fan, we will do our best to convert you.
OILERSNATION is dedicated to offering the best free Oilers content on the web and your continued support has allowed us to do what we love while covering the team that we love. We’re just as passionate as you are about the Oilers and we will continue to strive to be your one-stop shop for all things hockey. Thank you for being part of the Nation!
For NHL Salary Caps and NHL Team Salaries, jump over to PuckPedia.com. We update salary cap information on the double and there is no better resource for NHL stats. Daily Faceoff is the leader in starting goalies and team line combinations. However, Daily Faceoff also provides the latest in NHL Hockey Player News and NHL Schedule. Visit dailyfaceoff.com for all your fantasy hockey and news info.