Men's Custom Suits
European Style
Because you probably have enough stuff made in China.
Get your custom suit online - made in Europe from
the best Italian wool for the ultimate style boost,
tailored & delivered in 30 days.
Original Italian Fabrics
Feel the Difference
The best men's suits are tailored from the best cloth - this means pure merino wool fabric, woven in the traditional mills of Italy and England.
We produce close to the best mills in the world, with ZERO transportation & duty costs - and we pass the savings on to You.
CANVASSED CONSTRUCTION
FOR BETTER DRAPE & DURABILTY
All Oliver Wicks suits are made using a proper half-canvas construction with pad-stitched lapels. This method not only improves the drape & durability of the suit, but also results in a gently curved lapel roll which looks & feels far better than the stiff pressed lapels on fused garments.
Full-canvas construction is also an option, available for all made-to-measure suits.
How it works
Submit your measurements online in just 15 minutes following our videos. Have no fear! We will review the numbers and get in touch to make sure we work with the best set of numbers for your suit.
(We use lots of predictive modelling - and we are very good at this!)
What if it doesn’t fit?
FREE SHIPPING & FREE RETURNS
Your suit will be delivered right to your door at no extra charge. Return shipping is also free - you are covered by our 100% satisfaction guarantee.
365 DAYS FOR ALTERATIONS UP TO $125
Need to make some adjustments for a perfect fit? We have you covered - for a full year!
STYLE OR MEASUREMENT QUESTIONS?
We are here to help!
Email us at custom@oliverwicks.com for a swift response!
Thousands of happy customers
“The measurement process was quick and accurate so the fitting worked out great. I had no prior experience with online garments, so OW exceeded all of my expectations. ”
“This Suit is perfect. It has a nice feel, fits well and stays looking good. The stitching is very professional and the material is the best I have ever felt. Lover this Suit!”
“This is the best fitting suit that I ever put on. We will see how the material holds up throughout time. I will definitely be ordering more suits. ”
“This was my first MTM suit experience after years buying off of the rack. I am a large man, not easy to fit, and I'm thrilled with both the quality and perfect fit on the first try. Ordered suit #2!”
“Great process, suit got here 12 days before estimated arrival date on website, fits perfectly out of the box. Blows my Indochino suits out of the water - I couldn't be happier! ”
“Even after several email discussions to get the measurements correct, I received the suit with the 25 days from my initial order and in time for my daughter's wedding.”
“Excellent suit. Top-quality. Even better than described. The material is ultra-light, but can be easily worn for 3 seasons (4 if you live in the south). ”
“Great quality and amazing fit. I took my suit to my tailor and she couldn't find anything to adjust, she said it was perfect. Ellie and the team were so helpful, they genuinely care how you look. ”
“Outstanding product. Love the look and feel of the 3 piece suit. Oliver Wicks exceeds my expectations! Excellent customer service. Maria always gave quick and helpful responses. THANK YOU”
“First time customer. Great attention to detail during the process. Suit fit just fine. Customer service is beyond excellent. Attentive and quick to respond. I will buy again as I'm not a standard fit.”
“WOW!!!! Oliver Wicks has done something I have never experienced before. Blind ordering a suit on line using their fitting system and what I received was far above my expectations. THANK YOU!!!!!!!!! ”
“Flawless. My tailor who has been in the business for 25 years - "this is a $1000 suit." The quality of the fabric and construction are phenomenal. Service 2/2 none. Svetlana ensured a perfect fit.”
“The measurement process was quick and accurate so the fitting worked out great. I had no prior experience with online garments, so OW exceeded all of my expectations. ”
“This Suit is perfect. It has a nice feel, fits well and stays looking good. The stitching is very professional and the material is the best I have ever felt. Lover this Suit!”
“This is the best fitting suit that I ever put on. We will see how the material holds up throughout time. I will definitely be ordering more suits. ”
“This was my first MTM suit experience after years buying off of the rack. I am a large man, not easy to fit, and I'm thrilled with both the quality and perfect fit on the first try. Ordered suit #2!”
“Great process, suit got here 12 days before estimated arrival date on website, fits perfectly out of the box. Blows my Indochino suits out of the water - I couldn't be happier! ”
“Even after several email discussions to get the measurements correct, I received the suit with the 25 days from my initial order and in time for my daughter's wedding.”