|
Welcome to OmniSecu.com (Free Networking Tutorials, Free System Administration Tutorials and Free Security Tutorials). Here you can gain the basic and intermediate level knowledge in Networking, Network Security, and System Security absolutely FREE!. We have organized all technical information for a beginner in Networking, Network Security and System Security here. We will guide you step-by-step in the learning process, and make sure that you will become a master. Remember, nothing can replace knowledge in IT world.
Today, Computer security has become one of the most important areas in the entire discipline of computing. We are dependant on computers today for controlling large money transfers between banks, insurance, markets, telecommunication, electrical power distribution, health and medical fields, nuclear power plants, space research and satellites. We cannot negotiate security in these critical areas. As the complexity of the systems and the networks are increasing, vulnerabilities are also increasing and the task of securing the networks is becoming complex. Here we are trying our best to guide you in to the basics of network security.
Getting certified in major IT products is the smartest move you can make. Certification can also boost your confidence level. When you achieve the level of certification you desire, employers will recognize and reward your accomplishment. Certified IT professionals earn more when compared with a non-certified counterpart. In fact, many employers require certification for specific job roles. Even if you already have the job skills and experience required in order to perform your job successfully, certification will enhance your marketability.
The most demanding IT certifications in the industry are MCSE (Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert), MCSA (Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate), RHCE (RedHat Certified Engineer), CCNA (Cisco Certified Network Associate), CCNP (Cisco Certified Networking Professional) and Security+. We will guide you step-by-step in the learning process and our explanations with configuration screen shots will help you to grasp the technology in a fast and easy way.
MCSE's, RHCE's, CCNA's and Security+ are in great demand in the IT industry. Main job titles waiting to be filled by MCSE's, RHCE's, CCNA's and Security+ certified people are System Administrator, Network Administrator, Technical Support Engineers, Network Protocol Analyst, Network Design Professionals, Network Security Engineer, Web Server Administrator etc.
OmniSecu.com (Free Networking Tutorials, Free System Administration Tutorials and Free Security Tutorials) Team welcomes you to this wonderful technical learning portal and we are sure that you can find lot of technical tutorials for MCSE, CCNA Routing and Switching, CCNP Routing and Switching, CCNA Security, CCNP Security, RHCE and Security+ exam titles here.
Welcome to OmniSecu.com! Learn and master the technologies completly and thrive in your industry.
OmniSecu.com... Free Networking Tutorials, Free System Administration Tutorials and Free Security Tutorials