Less Time in the Kitchen • More Time with Those You LoveCook a free menu Join The Waitlist
Families really struggle to cook healthy food and eat meals together. Once A Month Meals membership teaches and provides resources and menus for your family to freeze meals ahead of time so that you never have to plan daily meals ever again.
Join our freezer cooking membership to get access to the best freezer-friendly recipes, menus, and content.
Build a custom menu that fits you and your families needs. No restrictions and no limitations. Make your meal plan your own.
Assemble and freeze your meals now so you can enjoy them later without the fuss! Say, “Be gone!” to the witching hour!
Enjoy complete access to 11,000+ freezer friendly recipes and hundreds of meal plans. Each menu is carefully chosen and developed by our registered dietitian and thoroughly tested by our dedicated team of test cooks. Get complete customization and choose from any of our menus and meal plans at any time. You can also mix and match as you please!
Once A Month Meals’ auto-generated grocery lists integrate with Instacart for easy delivery to get you cooking fast!
Don’t take it from us, hear from other
Once A Month Meals members!
“With homeschooling my 3 busy boys, all of their activities, plus running a household and a blog, dinner time around here is crazy. But with my Once A Month Meals membership, I no longer stress about putting a delicious meal on the table. With my freezer full of meals, all ready in an hour or less. It’s a game changer!”
— Deanna Lovecchio
“Definitely a “What’s for dinner?” game changer! Made the meal prep a family activity on a Sunday afternoon with a reward of pizza that night for dinner after clean up was done. Plenty of meals stocked in the freezer and stress-free evenings on our horizon. Highly recommend!”
— Susan Frampton
“This has changed my life. As a working mom time is precious and this has freed me from worrying about what’s for dinner each night. The menus are easy to customize and there is a lot of variety. As a bonus, the whole family can help warm up because the instructions are so easy and you just reheat the food. Highly recommend!”
— Jodi Snow