Make smarter SEO decisions
The technical SEO platform that helps you open Google’s blackbox
1000+ happy companies trust OnCrawl for their daily SEO audits
OnCrawl is an award-winning SEO platform
Combining your content, log files, and search data at scale
OnCrawl SEO Crawler
Analyze your website like Google does. There is no crawl we can’t handle.
OnCrawl Backlinks
Analyze the influence of your backlink distribution on crawl frequency.
OnCrawl Platform
Manage any dataset and customize your analyses to build unparalleled SEO reports.
Want to go beyond our application’s core capabilities and build your own tools?
Use our API to explore, aggregate and export your data.
OnCrawl Developer
Get our data in other applications, trigger crawls from one single spreadsheet or automate the process of exporting OnCrawl’s data in your own data constellation. The sky’s the limit!
OnCrawl supports your entire search engine optimization process
We provide thorough analysis you can act on.
Detect orphan pages
Identify pages that are not linked to your structure to optimize internal popularity.
Monitor crawlability and indexing
Understand how search engines are visiting your website and if strategic pages are correctly indexed.
Spot near duplicates
Filter your near duplicates by similarity ratio and know where to act.
Optimize for mobile-first
Improve performance on mobile and don’t wait for Google’s official alert to see that you’ve been switched to the mobile-first index.
OnCrawl is #1 in Trust and Customer Success Services
Delivering better SEO results, at scale
As a team lead focusing on the growth of our multinational platforms, regular reporting/monitoring and automated risk management of Product changes’ effect on our organic search performance is very significant and challenging. OnCrawl is becoming an essential part of my team day by day with its capability and accuracy.
Murat Yatagan VP Growth at Brainly
Get started today with OnCrawl and see what everyone’s talking about
Transparent cost – Downgrade or upgrade anytime