Olson Kundig Architects designed this one room cabin that covers basic everyday living essentials, located just off the coast of Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada. This zero-maintenance retreat focuses on the experience of nature. On the exterior, a glazed facade is covered by hefty, weathered steel panels. This helps to secure the cabin when the […]
Swiss chalet-inspired home provides cozy refuge in snowy Montana
Pearson Design Group is responsible for the design of this Swiss chalet-inspired home, located in the Yellowstone Club, a private ski resort and residential community near Big Sky, Montana. This home offers its inhabitants a warm and cozy retreat after long days spent adventuring on the mountain. The design of this dwelling resembles a traditional […]
Exquisite mountain modern home overlooking the Teton Mountain Range
Pearson Design Group is responsible for the design of this spectacular mountain modern home located in Wilson, a quaint village at the bottom of Teton Pass, Wyoming. Taking four years to build, this beautifully designed dwelling is set upon a rise that overlooks a private pond, the Snake River and the Teton Mountain Range. Expansive floor-to-ceiling […]
Prefabricated home in California with magnificent indoor-outdoor living
Marmol Radziner designed this prefabricated home used as a weekend retreat, nestled on a 160-acre oak-speckled woodland property in Ukiah, a city of Mendocino County, California. The goal of this project was to preserve and enhance the natural beauty surrounding this retreat. Taking three months to construct, this home consists of ten prefabricated steel modules, […]
Phenomenal hillside contemporary home nested in beautiful Sun Valley
Expansive mountain views grace this hillside contemporary home designed by Marmol Radziner, located in Sun Valley, Idaho. The design of this state of the art home was inspired by the rustic beauty of its surroundings; combining superb design, texture-rich interiors with regionally sourced materials resulting in an organic integration with the natural landscape. The property is […]
Fresh and airy modern farmhouse in Idaho boasts inspiring details
Gardner Homes is responsible for the design of this two-story, airy modern farmhouse located in Meridian, a city in Ada County, Idaho. This well-executed home consists of 3,325 square feet of living space with five bedrooms and three-and-a-half bathrooms. A charming exterior facade is evocative of a bygone era where life was simpler and homes […]
18 Last-Minute DIY Halloween Decorations For A Spooky Outdoors
Halloween is lurking around the corner, which means its time to get into the spirit of the season and decorate. If you are just looking for some last-minute ideas for your finishing touches or if you have not started decorating yet, we have you covered. Its time to think outside the box and add some […]
Texas Hill Country home inspired by Scandinavian farmhouse architecture
Dick Clark+Associates is responsible for the design of this architecturally stunning contemporary home, sited in the lively Zilker neighborhood of Austin, Texas. The architects intent was create a unique dwelling that responds to its vibrant, urban environment. This home is an amalgamation of farmhouse style rustic charm mixed with the modern minimalism of Scandinavian design […]
Midcentury home in Northern California gets a refreshing renovation
Klopf Architecture is responsible for the complete overhaul of this 1960’s Brown & Kaufman midcentury home, located in Palo Alto, California. Brown & Kaufman homes are similar to Eichlers, in that they mostly feature single story layouts, post-and-beam ceilings and openness to the outdoors. The major difference is their crawl space, which was major plus […]
Step inside this absolutely stunning Saint Tropez summer getaway
SAOTA Architects designed this beautiful family summer retreat with a fabulous indoor-outdoor connection, located in Saint Tropez, France. The overall design represents a contemporary interpretation of traditional Mediterranean Riviera architecture. A departure from the historical vernacular, this project gave the architects an opportunity for personal expression — including form, space, and lifestyle associated with the location. […]