This is SaaS commerce scaled for worldwide expansion. It’s an agile, always-on system tuned for speed to global markets. Set yourself free from reliance on IT with self-service tools to control, merchandise and sell your products online. It’s an ecommerce solution you can activate with confidence—from London to Barcelona and Tokyo to Buenos Aires.
In this competitive and ever-changing world of ecommerce, it’s crucial to offer integrated and personalized shopping experiences. Customer expectations change constantly, and seamless experiences across channels and touchpoints is the rule. This has caused many brands to rethink their ecommerce strategy and move from full-stack solutions into best-of-breed technologies.
Build a commerce solution that suits your unique business needs by using our suite of APIs to integrate Digital River’s headless commerce solution into your existing Content Management System. Choose from one of our partner connectors, such as Adobe Experience Manager and Wordpress, or build your own custom integration.
The key to a thriving commerce subscription model is to enrich the relationship and monetize experiences. That’s why we have fixed, tiered and pro-rated pricing, plus a range of reoccurring billing plans. You can fine-tune and scale a recurring revenue stream for every scenario.
By making things simple for consumers and staying in touch, you create value and combat churn. We combine smart data sourcing, retry logic, local acquiring banks and notifications to increase authorization rates. That makes renewals a snap. This is streaming revenue, Mississippi size.
Straight out of the box, you can do global business virtually anywhere. In fact, with over 190 bank connections around the world and 26 languages, we perfect the sell wherever you have a market. Each locale comes pre-configured with the right language, currency, payments, tax set up and fulfillment integrations. The result of all this insightful tailoring is a significant jump in conversions, sales and retention. When you know how to handle the country-by-country nuances, you expand your brand reach and multiply your opportunities.
It’s no secret, online shoppers are calling the shots when it comes to fulfillment. To deliver on lofty expectations, plug into our global network of warehouses and logistics partners. We master complexities and equip you with ecommerce inventory tools to manage pre-orders, back orders, split shipments and reporting.
Package theft, fluctuating pricing and inventory shortfalls—say adios to the unexpected surprise. We’re on point so you can be totally relaxed.
Your shopper is seconds away from making a purchase. Simple, secure and seamless is their priority. Creating the best online order experience possible is our strongest point. We’ve earned kudos from both clients and industry experts.
Trust us with your orders and you get the latest in mobile checkout, intelligent inventory management and fraud prevention. Our reputation for proactive customer service makes the experience twice as engaging.
There's no revenue like recurring and no customers as happy and motivated like the ones you have for life. Subscriptions are the current king of monetization. Here's new thinking on how to open the gates on a massive new revenue stream.Learn More