Remove your personal information from
Get a free report to see what websites post information about you.
Google, Bing, Yahoo and other engines
Corporations are watching you
Data brokers freely collect and resell records with your personal information, spreading intimate details from one person to another. These companies know about you more than your friends, relatives or neighbours do.
Marketers use information about you
Brokers store data about nearly every U.S. consumer. Your purchase behavior, financial habits, personal interests and consumer information is a valuable commodity to marketers. They claim to do this in order to enhance your shopping experience and offer advertising targeted to your interests. As a result, you just spend more and more.
Data brokers can predict your behaviour
The more a company knows about a customer’s interests, the better they can promote specific products to their target audience. To aid with that goal, businesses use both online and offline data about consumers to determine what advertisements to show them online.
Your data might fall into the wrong hands
With all variety of data displayed on a general view there are more chances to become a victim of identity theft than ever before. Social network shares, likes, subscriptions, telephone orders and online transactions, personal addresses, age and zip codes- this is just the tip of the iceberg. It takes seconds for scammers to find personal data about you and your family members.
Unverified publicly available data compromises your reputation
Employers do not have to dig deeper to find out whether you are a trustworthy person or a good employee. All they have to do is to Google your name. Data brokers collect your personal data but don't bother to verify its validity. Any untrue or erroneous information about you could harm your future.
Public records put your kids in danger
There are certain regulations limiting collecting, selling and using private data directed to children under the age of 13. However, sites like whitepages.com confess they may publish information for children unknowingly.
spokeo.com, intelius.com, radaris.com, truthfinder.com, instantcheckmate.com, etc.
Name, age, current and previous addresses, phone numbers, info about relatives, income, etc.
Via online form, email, mail, fax, phone call. Support team is ready to help if needed.
In case of the failure, we resend opt-out requests or contact site webmaster directly.
Even after complete removal some records might reappear. In this case we do repeated opt-out requests.
They don’t simply collect and package information about you, they categorize your life and transform your identity into detailed reports.
Name, address, birth date, phone numbers, email address, social security number, driver’s license number
Annual income, credit score, credit card info, ownership of stocks or bonds, recent mortgage borrower, life insurance, loans
Age, height, weight, marital status, country of origin, education level, occupation
Amount spent on goods, buying activity, number of orders, buying channel preference, types of purchases, type of food purchased, type of entertainment purchased
Ailments and prescriptions, allergy sufferer, health insurance plan, weight loss & supplements, disability insurance, purchase history in health topics, smoker in the household
Court and public record data, social media and technology data, general interest data, home and neighborhood data, vehicle data, travel data and other biographical facts
Removed records
Websites are being monitored
Users trust us
From day to day our members who concerned about their privacy witness how free-access personal records vanish.
I would like to say I am surprising very happy with your product and customer service. Courtrecords.com has reappeared on my dashboard, and now the site also doesn’t appear on my google search! You guys did it. My reputation and personal information is dramatically cleaned up now.Noah R., Berkeley, CA
In short time, it became quite apparent to me that your team provides a high quality service, and as a result, I upgraded my account up to a full year basis. [...] As the service that your team has been so thorough, my wife took notice, and expressed a desire to be included in your system.Jeffrey S., Carlsbad, CA
Thank you so much, I wish I had found you before I tried to go one by one with my information from websites. I am very concerned about my name and especially data on courtrecords.org. There are court records for someone that fall under my name, and I have an ex husband trying to find data to ruin me, as well as stock me. I am in a high profile job and need your help! Thanks a bunch.Diane L., Santa Barbara, CA
First let me say that I am pleased with your services and happy to be a member of your website. I will renew next month and expect to be a forever customer. I also understand that the internet is a vast and changing space. [...] Thank you so much for helping me to help myself. Your services are much appreciated.Steven M., Solomons, MD
Thank you thank you! I feel happier every day as I'm watching all my private information off the Internet. THANK YOU.Abigail N., Charlottesville, VA
I would like to say I am surprising very happy with your product and customer service. Courtrecords.com has reappeared on my dashboard, and now the site also doesn’t appear on my google search! You guys did it. My reputation and personal information is dramatically cleaned up now.Noah R., Berkeley, CA
In short time, it became quite apparent to me that your team provides a high quality service, and as a result, I upgraded my account up to a full year basis. [...] As the service that your team has been so thorough, my wife took notice, and expressed a desire to be included in your system.Jeffrey S., Carlsbad, CA
Thank you so much, I wish I had found you before I tried to go one by one with my information from websites. I am very concerned about my name and especially data on courtrecords.org. There are court records for someone that fall under my name, and I have an ex husband trying to find data to ruin me, as well as stock me. I am in a high profile job and need your help! Thanks a bunch.Diane L., Santa Barbara, CA
First let me say that I am pleased with your services and happy to be a member of your website. I will renew next month and expect to be a forever customer. I also understand that the internet is a vast and changing space. [...] Thank you so much for helping me to help myself. Your services are much appreciated.Steven M., Solomons, MD
Thank you thank you! I feel happier every day as I'm watching all my private information off the Internet. THANK YOU.Abigail N., Charlottesville, VA
I would like to say I am surprising very happy with your product and customer service. Courtrecords.com has reappeared on my dashboard, and now the site also doesn’t appear on my google search! You guys did it. My reputation and personal information is dramatically cleaned up now.Noah R., Berkeley, CA
In 2017, 886 data breaches happened in the USA, resulting in all that user information being available for anyone to see.
Identity fraud hits record high with 15.4 million U.S. victims in 2016, up 16 percent.
More than 4 Billion data records were stolen globally in 2016.
An average data broker contains information with over 3000 data segments for nearly every U.S. consumer.
In 2017, 886 data breaches happened in the USA, resulting in all that user information being available for anyone to see.
Identity fraud hits record high with 15.4 million U.S. victims in 2016, up 16 percent.
More than 4 Billion data records were stolen globally in 2016.
An average data broker contains information with over 3000 data segments for nearly every U.S. consumer.
Check your privacy now
We will analyze 84 data broker websites and present all results in one report. Absolutely for free.