There are three major approaches to use a spell checker and check text for errors.
Online-spellcheck.com makes use of all three approaches. We have one of the largest set of dictionaries, with thousands of rules and we use a statistical corpus to find even rare errors. And this not only for the English language, we check text for misspelled words and grammatical errors for over 20 languages.
As explained above, spell checking and grammatical improvements of text can be made using three different main approaches. Our online converter uses all of them. Our servers are also quite powerful with lots of RAM to store the large corpus. They are also constantly updated and improvements are applied. There is no need to install software on every device you own to proofread your text. Just open your browser on any device and you are set. And best of all, our spell checker is completely free.
No one is perfect and we do not claim to find every error in your text. That is just not possible with a machine-only check. If others claim they can do this automatically, it is just not correct. The last resort is always a human (and even this person may fail from time to time). Nevertheless, our online spellchecker will help you find most errors and will also make suggestions for grammatical improvements.
We have included a feature where you can tag words that have been marked as being spelled incorrect or grammatically wrong by our system, but are nevertheless correct (e.g. names). If you have registered with us, this will allow you to mark these words and add them to your own personal dictionary. We will use this information for your further checks.
Furthermore, if you click on a word, we provide a dictionary entry with several possible meanings of said word.
You can choose several ways to submit your text:
Just give it a try.
Once we have received and checked your text, we will display the corrected text. During your manual review of the corrected text, you have several options to handle the information we produce. You can revert a change made by us, use our thesaurus to find synonyms or rearrange sentences. We also give some detailed explanation about why a word might be wrong and include examples. When you are satisfied, you can share your text with others by sending them the unique, non-guessable URL to your friends, download the file in various formats (like PDF, DOC, TXT or ODT) or send the text as an attachment to yourself.
To write a text without any errors is difficult, even for experts. Our automated spell checker can help professionals, students, website owners, bloggers and writers to deliver almost error-free text. Especially users that write in a language that is not their mother tongue will benefit from our online tool. It will not only help them to correct the text, but they will also get information, why the use of a word is wrong in the given context.