We’re athletes, biohackers, professionals, retirees, parents, gamers, fighters, tradespeople, and forever students. We’re all human, trying to get a little better at what we love every day.
The human body is our instrument that we play to achieve greatness, and optimizing it for peak performance requires the proper nutrition, fitness, and supplementation.
Onnit provides these foundations to support your human journey.
The HydroCore bag uses the power of water dynamics to build stability, strength, and explosiveness like no other training tool. Fold it up and take it on the road for a workout you can do anytime, anywhere—no heavy weights necessary.Pick up the HydroCore bag NOW
The Onnit O.P.S. Trucker Hat allows you express your own unique personal style. Rock it with one of the many compatible patches or go naked with no patch. Featuring the new Onnit logo embroidered in the velcro, this might just be the most versatile hat around.Optimize your dome, now.
Laser focus meets effortless concentration. Alpha BRAIN is the flagship nootropic, a brain vitamin that’s like another gear for your brain. You feel Alpha BRAIN working the first time you take it, and is the only nootropic clinically-studied to show improvement in memory, focus, and mental processing speed. *For first time customers only.Claim your free Alpha BRAIN
Stay connected and receive early access to special deals, announcements on new formulas, motivational content, stellar recipes, and tips on meeting your goals.
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access any information on our website. We incorporate physical, electronic, and administrative procedures to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information, including Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) for the encryption of all financial transactions through the website. We use industry-standard, 256bit SSL encryption to protect your personal information online, and we also take several steps to protect your personal information in our facilities. For example, when you visit the website, you access servers that are kept in a secure physical environment, behind a locked cage and a hardware firewall. After a transaction, your credit card information is not stored on our servers.