Open Wildland Fire Modeling E community Wiki
See what's new for the latest additions and announcements. See the list of contents to start browsing. See the help pages to start editing.
What's new · Contents · Howtos · People · Software · Projects · Publications · Contact
The losses associated with wildfires and the wish to understand, predict, and control wildfires have driven researchers to create ever more detailed and powerful computational models. However, the necessary sophistication and realism require scientific computing and analysis processes of a complexity that has itself become a hindrance to further progress and education. In addition, the research is done by geographically disperse interdisciplinary groups, and making their models interoperate is a challenge. This project strives to overcome this complexity and challenges to collaboration by state-of-the-art software engineering, visualization, and collaboration tools. The results will find applications in wildfire research, education, training, and management.
The project will provide a web-based service in which a visitor can transparently interact with combinations of fire behavior models, weather models and data sources, and a software environment where researchers can contribute their software and data. This portal will be seeded with existing software of the investigators and their collaborators, attract new collaborators, and serve as a focus for a vibrant online community. The investigators have already obtained the commitment of a number of prominent fire researchers, educators, and managers to participate.
The project will create a new generation of cyber-trained students provided with hands-on experience with state of the art wildfire-weather models and efficient fire management. Its web-based service will be beneficial in education at all levels. It will build tools to minimize the separation between interdisciplinary groups around the world, between research and educational institutions, and between research and operational fire forecasting. The project includes outreach to the general public and K-12 education through NCAR events and activities, and integration of the e-community into undergraduate and graduate courses.
How to get an account
We encourage participation on this wiki by members of the wildland fire modeling community. Content on this wiki is public to view, however, an account is required to edit or add content. To get an account, please contact jan.mandel@gmail.com. Include your full name and your affiliations within the WFM Community. Please also suggest a desired username for your account. We will set it up for you and email your login info as soon as possible.