6 More Ways to Relieve Invisalign Pain
When you choose Invisalign aligners for your orthodontic treatment, there are a lot of advantages and one is your comfort. Braces pain is usually a bigger issue. The smooth...
Drs. Pale, Gemmi, and Middleberg are each board certified by the American Board of Orthodontists – a designation only held by about 40% of all orthodontists practicing in the United States.
Orthodontics Limited has been awarded Invisalign Top 1% Elite Provider status for five years straight & in 2018 became one of the only Diamond Invisalign providers in the Philadelphia and Montgomery County, PA area.
When they are not providing excellent care for patients like you, Drs. Pale, Gemmi, and Middleberg teach at Albert Einstein Medical Center, sharing their knowledge by educating future orthodontists.
With orthodontist office locations in Center City Philadelphia, PA, Northeast Philadelphia, PA, and Hatboro, PA, Orthodontics Limited provides orthodontic treatment in a relaxed, stress-free atmosphere. We specialize in Invisalign, Invisalign for Teens, Braces, and Accelerated Orthodontics. Unlike most orthodontic offices which treat patients in a big open bay, our office has individual treatment rooms to allow for personal attention to each patient at every visit.
We have been an Invisalign Elite 1% orthodontist since 2014 and became one of the only Invisalign Diamond orthodontists in Philadelphia and Hatboro, PA in 2018.
We are also a provider of Invisalign Teen.
Smile Gallery
Orthodontist in Center City Philadelphia, Northeast Philadelphia & Montgomery County, PA
100 S Broad St, Suite 2020
Philadelphia, PA 19110
215-544-6330
2137 Welsh Road, Suite 1B,
Philadelphia, PA 19115
215-676-7846
122 N. York Road, Suite 10,
Hatboro, PA 19040
215-675-0542
Tips & Tricks On Keeping Your Teeth Clean & Healthy
When you choose Invisalign aligners for your orthodontic treatment, there are a lot of advantages and one is your comfort. Braces pain is usually a bigger issue. The smooth...
Is Halloween your kids’ favorite holiday with all the fun dressing up and of course all that candy? It can be a special time for you and your kids, especially if you plan it...
Most of the time we associate orthodontic treatment with the tween and teen years and just assume that when we become an adult that we have missed our opportunity. But that is not...
My orthodontic work was finished 8 years ago and I still recommend the office to anyone and everyone. My experience was phenomenal. Dr. Gemmi (and I’m sure Dr. Middleberg, too) and the staff are excellent. In fact, I am pursuing a career in the dental field in part because of how great they are! I cannot thank them enough for how much I love my smile!
Thanks!
Hi Dr. Middleberg! I was your patient 7 years ago! I had braces for 4 years and you made my teeth beautiful! I show them off everyday! Compliments about my teeth come from left and right and I THANK YOU! Heres a photo of me now! Best wishes! -Anjelica Iby
Great Orthodontist!! Everyone is so pleasant and professional!! My daughter smile is beautiful! Great job Dr Middleberg
I love Dr. Gemmi! This is my daughter Erin after her braces. I have 4 of my kids who either were or still are patients. The staff is awesome! I can’t say enough about how I love this office!
Frankie and Sarah had a wonderful experience and Dr. Middleberg and his staff are amazing! No long waits and very easy to make appointments. My children’s smiles are beautiful! Thank you for doing such a wonderful job!