|
2020 Budget Hearing Dates Announced
Pace will hold public hearings throughout the service area on the agency's proposed budget for the year 2020. Pace presents a balanced and stable budget for 2020; no general fare increases are proposed for suburban service or regional ADA Paratransit service. The agency does propose service cuts on eight low-performing routes. Hearings begin Monday, October 21 and will be held in Arlington Heights, Crystal Lake, Forest Park, Geneva, Homewood, Joliet, Chicago, Waukegan, Wheaton, and Worth. Read More.
Pulse Milwaukee Line Launches
Operations on Pace's first Pulse rapid transit line, the Pulse Milwaukee Line, began Sunday, August 11, 2019. Pulse provides limited-stop bus service incorporating streamlined route design and modern technology to provide a better experience for passengers. Passengers travelling along Milwaukee Avenue between the CTA Jefferson Park Transit Center and Golf Mill Shopping Center in Niles now have frequent service with limited stops, state-of-the-art stations, and Bus Tracker signs at every boarding location."Pulse represents the next generation of Pace service," said Pace Chairman Richard Kwasneski. "The frequency and affordability of this service will improve access to jobs, education, medical care, shopping and entertainment for the residents we serve."
Initially, Pulse buses will serve all Niles stations as well as temporary stops in Chicago; throughout the fall, additional stations in Chicago will open as construction completes. Local service on Route 270 continues on Milwaukee Avenue, and Pace continues to work on additional Pulse Lines on Dempster and Halsted. Read More
Pace Commemorates 35 Years of Service
To honor our 35th anniversary of service and celebrate the legacy of public transit service in our region that we inherited, Pace has wrapped a bus at each division garage to look like a bus from a system that predates Pace. Find out more about this Legacy Fleet and Pace's history (and view photos of the older buses alongside our Legacy Fleet buses) here.
Historic State Capital Plan Signed into Law
Pace joins our colleagues at transit agencies across the state in thanking the Governor, House and Senate leaders, and the other legislative champions who were critical in passing the landmark capital bill signed into law this year. Passage of this law ends a decade without a capital program in our state and usher in the largest infrastructure program in Illinois history. It will have transformative effects on the regional transit system for which Pace and our partners are responsible. For the first time, the state has a plan that provides sustainable funding that will generate millions of dollars for capital investments each year. It also contains earmarks for eight urgent Pace projects, including expressway service expansion, ADA Paratransit infrastructure improvements, and critical work on our garages. Read More.
|