Learn how to do a one person lift and a one person carry on a portage. No matter how "strong" you are, it's all about technique. Anyone can do it!
There was a time not too long ago when kayakers didn't have fancy neo' nylon stuff sacks, front bulkheads and...
It's one of those special places that's surprisingly close to civilization, but feels like you're in the middle of nowhere.
Enjoy the intricacies of film as kayaking and art coincide. As we all know, capturing the beauty of a moment on the water is near impossible but this gets pretty close.
Medium volume, experienced paddler. Anyone out there want to...
By: ROW Sea Kayak Adventures
Experience by sea kayak a marine environment few others share - God's Pocket Provincial Park off northern Vancouver Island, British Columbia - while basing out of a cozy private lodge.
by Malibu Kayaks
"You cannot beat the Malibu X13 from a price to what you get point of view..."
by Aqua-Bound
"Once Again AquaBound knocks it out of the park with another fabulous..."
by Hurricane Kayaks
"The boat tracks extremely well due to the flexible hull which inverts to provide..."
If you're looking for one boat that can do it all, you should seriously consider a SOT kayak. Combining review scoring and popularity, we compared hundreds of SOTs.
It's a place with endless sand beaches, spectacular sea caves, and a charming small town vibe.
This write-up outlines a simple way to make a cockpit cover. The main steps are: select materials, trace a pattern, cut and buttonhole, hem edge and lace with shock cord.
Each week a winning photo will be selected from the many pictures that have been submitted by paddlers around the world!
Loading a canoe by yourself can be awkward and difficult but with some practice and a few of these tips, loading a canoe on the top of your car can be easy!
Explore the Côte-Nord region in Quebec with Ken Whiting and explore the rugged and beautiful terrain by sea kayak and paddleboard.
For the first time ever, three adventurers paddled all three of Patagonia's toughest rivers through some of the biggest waters in the world!
Learn the basics of the science behind tides, the different types of tides and how to get accurate information on tides all to help you be safer out on the water.
Access to over 22,000 paddling locations worldwide on the go, all the time.
Questions: 1) What woods should I consider (and for what reasons)? and 2) What resources (instructional videos, articles, etc.) would you recommend?
I’ve been reading the forums here non stop for several days and the amount of useful information I’ve found is staggering!
It's a longer and larger boat than what I've intended to buy but for the...
Believe it or not, the main purpose of rudders or skegs isn't to turn a kayak, it's to keep a kayak running straight when you're paddling with a crosswind.
Enter and then vote in order to win amazing prizes. The top voted photo will receive a kayak or SUP from BIC and we have 7 PFDs to give out too!
If you are uncomfortable with the idea of being flipped upside down in the water, that likely stems from a lack of confidence in your roll. Watch this tutorial to gain confidence in your roll.
by Nova Craft Canoe
"It is well-suited for waterways where carries are common and a..."
by Gearlab
"I am looking forward to trying it out in the surf. It is very light weight and has..."
by Delta Kayaks
"I would highly recommend the Delta 16 kayak for any level of paddler..."
Learn what you need to remember to grab every time you hit the water no matter if your paddling a canoe, kayak or SUP.
If you plan on doing any coastal kayaking, then you'll need to learn about how to...