The Only Way to (k)
Whether your company is starting its first 401(k) plan or looking to transfer a long-established plan, PAi offers flexible retirement plans and plan administration to meet your organization’s needs. With or without a financial advisor, our service options accommodate companies of all sizes—from those with a single employee to those with hundreds of employees. No minimum employee counts or minimum account balances required.
PAi, an industry-leading provider for retirement services, currently serves over 15,600 employers, 196,300 participants, and over 550 firms.* We work with thousands of Financial Advisors and CPAs to offer retirement plans across the country. We’ve also successfully partnered with one of the nation’s largest banks and multiple payroll providers—allowing you to find the best fit for your company's needs.
Since 1983, our vision of helping people prepare for retirement has been at the forefront of all we do:
A world where workers
own their retirement readiness.
We are proud to offer:
Learn more about what it’s like to work with PAi:
Life is full of surprises. Don’t let your
retirement be one of them.
Like what you're hearing? Subscribe to
the blog or check it out now!
Are you a financial advisor?
Check out our dedicated website for advisors.
*Firms include broker dealers, registered investment advisors, and other intermediaries. As of 12/31/2018.
|
CoPilot is a bundled retirement service and is not an independent entity. Services for CoPilot are provided by PAi and PAi Trust Company, Inc. (PAi Trust) which are affiliated business entities under common control and ownership interest. Investment fiduciary services are provided by PAi Trust. PAi Trust's client Brochure (Client Brochure PDF) is also available by contacting PAi Trust at 877.357.7031. Any other business entities referenced are independent of and not under common control with any of PAi or PAi Trust.
This information is distributed for educational purposes and is not to be construed as an offer, solicitation, recommendation, or endorsement of any particular product, security or service nor should it be construed as financial, legal, tax or investment advice.
The Years of Retirement calculator is for illustrative purposes only. The estimates provided through this calculator are inherently uncertain and are not, in any way, a guarantee of future results.