All forms of unrequited love involve pain and obsession, limerence being a particularly intrusive and extreme version. Fortunately, such agony can also catalyze profound self-transformation; here are 7 truths about romance, behaviour and human psychology to take from the emotional rollercoaster.
Have you been unfriended or unfollowed or untweeted on social media? How did it make you feel? Have questions about why it happened? It could be one of the following things.
Do you have real friends that you can count on during tough times? It's hard to believe it sometimes. It might be something you're doing, or it could be the people you surround yourself with. Read on to find out why it might feel like you have no friends.
How do you keep loving an addict, without losing yourself and letting them totally destroy you during their fight with addiction? Learning to loving with emotional detachment can help you to continue to support your loved one while also letting go.
These 10 common relationship mistakes can end a romance before you know what happened. Learn how to avoid them so you can cultivate a long-term, loving, and healthy relationship.
When you're in love, it's not always easy to express how you feel. This extensive collection of romantic love quotes for him and her can help you steal the heart of your loved one. Discover romantic, cute, sad, short, funny and inspirational love quotes and messages that you can use.
This article details 12 techniques you can use to save your relationship, including writing a romantic letter and apologizing for your mistakes.
Toxic relationships are exhausting and can do irreparable damage to your mental health. This is what you can do to recover from a codependent relationship.
Dealing with psychopaths, narcissists, borderlines, and other bullies can be exhausting. When you can't walk away, here are three essential tips to help you keep your cool.
This is a collection of the best compliments you can utter to any girl to make them feel good and well-appreciated.
I went through the process of getting a green card with my spouse in 2019. I am a U.S. citizen, and they are a Chilean national. They finally received their permanent residency. I will talk about our experience from start to finish—how long it took and what papers you need.
One of the hardest things some of us will ever experience is watching a loved one—be it a family member or friend—stay in an abusive relationship. Here's a look at why adults stay in toxic relationships and the various ways in which we can help them.
What happens when these two air signs meet and truly understand each other? Here's why Aquarius and Libra are destined to be together.
Over the years, asexuality has joined the ranks of the LGBTTQQIAAP acronym, but many people are confused as to what the term actually means in its modern context. I am asexual, and I have struggled with it for my entire life. This is my story.
Why are ENFPs and INFJs attracted to each other, and why do they make such a great match? Here's everything you need to know about these complementary personality types.