Shop
Industrial Storage
Create an urban-chic feel with industrial cabinets in iron, wood, steel, & more.Shop the Collection
Shop Our Latest Finds
Italian Metal and Teak Coffee Table by Ettore Sottsass for Poltronova, 1959
Pamono is a one-of-a-kind marketplace and magazine specializing in distinctive design objects and the stories behind them. We believe that a life well lived means surrounding yourself with beauty and soul, so we work hard (and happily!) to offer you a collection of quality, character-rich furniture, lighting, and decorative accessories you won’t find anywhere else.
Our passionate team scours the globe to source from established and emerging galleries and shops , makers and designers both near and far—and then delivers your purchases directly to your doorstep. New pieces and stories are added all the time, so visit us often; there’s always more to explore!
Whether you’re new to design or already an expert, shopping for yourself or for a client, our curated collection has something for everyone.
We source the best of original vintage classics and avante garde contemporary pieces from around the globe
Our profiles, conversations, and collections celebrate the people, places, and ideas shaping the design conversation
We organize 100% insured, worldwide shipping—so you can trust your piece is in good hands
From the moment you start looking to when your objects arrive at your door, we’re here to make your dream piece a reality
Through profiles, conversations, collections, and more, we celebrate the people, places , and ideas shaping the design conversation. Our respected editorial team shares their passion for the subject through diverse, original content that ensures you know who’s who and what’s what in design culture—both past and present. Step inside the studio with today’s most cutting-edge makers; go back in time with an expert history lesson; or pick the brain of one of the world’s premier gallerists or fair organizers. We collaborate with the world’s most intriguing and insightful curators, collectors, designers, artisans, and nerds to keep you on top of the design world’s latest developments. Check back often; there are always more inspiring stories to tell.
Our support team is here to make your experience a wholly positive one, from the moment you place your order to the second your new objects arrive at your door. We partner with standard and specialized international shippers to make sure your purchases are handled carefully, expertly, and 100% securely. We offer worry-free transactions, customized payment methods, and every shipment is fully insured. Plus, for those on the lookout for something off the menu, next to our vintage objects we also offer a variety of customizable contemporary designs in multiple materials, colors, and sizes. If you have any questions about pricing, shipping, or merchandise, simply give us a ring in Berlin at +49.30.809.520.555 or shoot us an email at contact@pamono.com. We’re always happy to help!