Our platform takes the power of machine learning and data visualization to give you clear, actionable insights on global trade.
The World in 2019 with Panjiva Research
What will 2019 hold for the global supply chain? Panjiva Research looks at what to expect from: the U.S., China, and Europe; the state of numerous multilateral trade deal negotiations; the prospects for the shipping industry; and which countries have the most to win, and lose, from trade.
Our technology gives you immediate insight into the companies involved at every node of international supply chains. From manufacturers and buyers to shipping and logistics, Panjiva allows customers to better understand trade around the globe.
Building a lead list for your sales team? Easily export the results and share them with your team to expand their reach.
Whether you are searching for a product by name or classification, we make it easy. We support commodity name, HS / HTS code, D-U-N-S® Number, and location-based searches.
Save your search and receive email alerts anytime a new company matches your search criteria, or when an existing company has new shipment activity.
Powerful reporting capabilities let you spot trends in the import and export activities businesses across the globe.
Discover new opportunities by seeing who does business with your peers or competitors.
Access the emails or phone numbers of key decision makers on over 1 million companies.
Understand your market share by seeing where your competitors source their goods, and which entities are involved in the shipment of goods.
Use our platform to analyze trade lanes or identify which companies have the riskiest supply chains.
Whether you’re targeting buyers, suppliers, NVOCCs, or carriers, Panjiva makes it easy to identify the best sales prospects, learn more about their business, and make contact.
Use Xpressfeed™ to push leads directly into your CRM system or feed data about publicly-traded companies into your quant models.
October 23, 2019
The Journal reviewed shipping records from Panjiva, a division of S&P Global Inc. that collects them, for 122 banned factories that appeared to be still in operation. Since being banned, 67 of those had sold to wholesalers whose wares appear on Amazon, records show
October 23, 2019
The Malaysian Prime Minister, Mahathir Mohamad, has expressed concerns that the country may “be a target for sanctions” from the U.S., likely in the form of tariffs. That could be due to expanding exports to the U.S. and a sustained trade surplus with the U.S. of $26.3 billion in...More research articles