Learning “Rhino / Grasshopper” is hard! Well, it’s a programming language! But don’t panic! We have more than 7 Years of experience in teaching Grasshopper to Architectural students. Want to get started and know more about Rhino Grasshopper? Check out our free tutorials and start learning today!
Latest Free Tutorials
In this Rhino Grasshopper tutorial, we are going to model a rotating table. First, we are going to make a series of rectangles by using offset and range and then we will rotate them around a point and Y-axis. We will finally give them thickness and finish this tutorial.
In this Rhino Grasshopper tutorial, we will model a parametric facade based on the Kieran Timberlake's "crystalline cube" for the US Embassy in London. First, we will model a series of base polylines for the modules and then we will define three different sections and loft them together.
In this Rhino Grasshopper tutorial, we will model a series of triangular panels and change their thickness as their height increases. First, we will define the base pattern by connecting the centroid to the corner of the triangles and then we will use their center's Z component to define the offset pattern.
Do you want to learn Grasshopper step by step and from the beginning? We have made a series of lessons and techniques which will help you to develop your algorithmic thinking faster! We also add advanced lessons to this section so if you wan’t to be a pro computational designer enroll in our course!
Course Page
Latest Course Tutorials
In this Paracourse lesson, we are going to model a wavy facade in Grasshopper. First, we are going to model the strips and then by using the curve attractor technique and some data management tricks we will model the louvers.
In this Paracourse Lesson, we are going to model a series of hexagons which scale based on point attractors. We are also going to study how to fix the cells on the closed Nurbs surface seam.
In this Paracourse lesson, we will model a series of rotating panels which extrude until they reach their neighboring surface. We will use three different techniques
We also have a free library of Grasshopper scripts for those who want to Learn more!
Free Scripts
Latest Scripts
In this grasshopper definition you can make a tensile surface with elastic features. The plugins which has been used is kangaroo physics and weaverbird.
In this definition you can use the Mesh+ "Snubbed Antiprism" which can add an advanced effect on any faces of a mesh and it's called the antiprism extrusion. There are several options which you can change such as height of the cells or the offset from the center. You can also smooth the final result.
In this definition you can use the Parakeet's "Knit" component which Generates a Knitted Pattern on a Surface. First you have to define the base surface (NURBS) and then you can define the number of divisions in the U,V direction , The height of the curves and the degree.
These definitions and examples are only available to our course members.
Course Scripts
Latest Course Definitions (New!)
In this grasshopper definition you can create a parametric folded plate structure.
In this grasshopper definition you can make pseudo reaction diffusion using Weaverbird Plugin. This grasshopper definition is inspired by Junichiro Horikawa.
In this grasshopper definition you can aggregate a custom module (Tile) by defining junctions using Fox Plugin.
We also have a library of Books/Articles/Thesis and Universities which are related to Parametric Design
Pdf Library
Latest Resources
The present thesis by Daniel Akesson aims to integrate structural feedback with geometric modeling. The user interfaces of conceptual design tools should be interactive and agile enough to follow the designer’s iterative workﬂow.
This thesis by Sadik Deniz Akman discusses the emerging approaches in landscape urbanism from a methodological perspective and discusses the emerging techniques applied in the recent design and research projects in landscape urbanism. The study mainly focuses on design tools and techniques applied in the field.
Addressing both architects and engineers, this dissertation by Matthias Rippmann presents a new framework for the form ﬁnding and design of fabrication geometry of discrete, funicular structures in the early design phase. It introduces a new methodology for structurally-informed design of curved surface architecture.
Do you want to know more about Parametric Design? Check out these posts for more info.
More posts
Latest Posts
This unique, round table is capable of expanding to up to double its size, without taking up unnecessary space. It has been built on a system that contains expandable Leaves within, which gives you the chance to make the most out of the available space.
To Lauren Ko, pies are more than just food. The Seattle-based, 31-year-old baker says she is "more an artist and designer than a baker." The only difference is that her medium is edible. Ko is known for her colorful, geometric designs that toss out traditional baking conventions.
In this video by Hamed Rahnama you can see a GIRIH puzzle, a 10 Pointed Star pattern. Girih tiles are a set of five tiles that were used in the creation of Islamic geometric patterns using strapwork (girih) for decoration of buildings in Islamic architecture.