Unify All Communication Tools
From your district’s mobile app and mass notifications, to online conferences and permission slips, and everything in between
ParentSquare is made for the modern world. With ParentSquare you can:
1
UNIFY all communication tools used in your classrooms, sites, and district, with oversight throughout
2
UPGRADE your basic communications with bundled-in features like Forms & Permission Slips, Conference Sign Ups and more
3
SOLVE ISSUES around sending Urgent Alerts, Report Cards and Attendance Notices
ParentSquare is the first touch for a million+ parents and guardians of PreK-12 students.
Why are districts switching daily?
ParentSquare is a Powerhouse
SMART-PLATFORM HUB
Wow your parents! ParentSquare’s rich array of features ensure you have plenty of room to grow beyond the basics of school-to-home communication to build a strong collaborative school community:
• Classroom Communication
• Forms and Permission Slips
• Parent Teacher Conferences
• Invoices & Payments
• Calendar & RSVP
• Volunteering & Sign Ups
• Polls
• Grade & Assignments View
• Secure Document Delivery
BUILT TO WORK TOGETHER
All of our features are built in-house rather than acquired and bolted on, so everything remains intuitive and consistent – if you’ve used one feature on ParentSquare you can use them all!
NO HIDDEN FEES
ParentSquare’s transparent pricing bundles all these features together so you won’t be hit with unexpected fees.
Smarter Alerts & Notifications That Reach All
OPTIONS FOR “OPT-OUTS” AS WELL AS “OPT-IN”
Provides options for both “opt-in” and “opt-out.” Intelligently managed opt-outs* results in a much larger parent reach.
SMARTER ALERT CALLS
Schools have the option of sending “Smart Alerts,” where a text is sent to parents first with automatic failover to voice.
SEND ALERTS WITH 3 TAPS OR WITH SIRI
Powerful Template Message Library allows you to notify your entire community with 3 taps on your mobile phone.
REAL-REACH REPORTS
Each report filters through all modes of communication and every parent contact so you know exactly which student families did not receive the communication.
ALERTS ON PARENT APP AND WEB PORTAL
Alerts integrate with our app & web portal, blasting out through all modes of communication, ensuring parents are notified quickly in an emergency situation.
*At the beginning of the school year, you collect parent contact info with permission to notify them regarding school information. Coupling this with opt-out is still TCPA compliant, as parents give initial consent when they provide their information, and they can opt-out at any time.
“ParentSquare is hands-down the best investment our district has made when it comes to engaging and communicating with students, parents and staff. We have been able to raise the reach and frequency to our stakeholders. Our principals and school office supervisors all rave about its ease of use, and our families appreciate the various ways in which to receive info via posts, emails, texts, app, website or all call.”
Marci McFadden
Chief of Communication and Engagement
Classroom Communication Is Built In
REAL-TIME TRANSLATION
Teachers can communicate with parents who do not speak English thanks to real-time two-way translation to 100+ languages.
TWO-WAY COMMUNICATION
Teachers can communicate with an individual parent, a group of parents or send a message to the entire class or grade.
MORE REASONS TO CONNECT WITH HOMES
Teachers can save money spent out-of-pocket by easily asking for wish-list items like project supplies and can save time by requesting volunteers.
STUDENT COMMUNICATION
Teachers and admin still use their same platform, but also have the option to send their posts, messages and alerts to students as well in a safe, private place with administrative oversight.
The Best Report Card & Attendance Delivery
IMPROVED SECURE DOC DELIVERY
Deliver progress reports securely and efficiently with variable-length document parsing and snail-mail delivery to parents who did not receive their documents via text/email/app notification.
ATTENDANCE NOTICES VIA WEB AND APP
Automatically alerts parents when their child is absent and gives them the option to excuse their child straight from their app (or text or email) – anytime, anywhere.
LUNCH BALANCES WITH PAYMENTS
Sends messages to parents when they have outstanding balances (lunch, library, etc) with the ability to pay balances via our integration with Stripe.
TRUANCY LETTERS WITH FLEXIBLE APPROACH
Admin can enact threshold-based rules around when to generate and send letters home.
Basic Features That Help You Sleep at Night 🙂
OVERSIGHT
Oversee and manage all communication from the district-level to the classroom, complete with audit-logging.
DATA PRIVACY
ParentSquare is fully compliant with FERPA and COPPA and we are proud signatories of the Student Privacy Pledge.
DATA SECURITY
We safeguard the confidentiality of all information we collect by adhering to industry-leading security protocols for data transfer and storage.
SIS INTEGRATIONS
Intelligent integrations with your SIS will enhance the quality of your data and keep data up-to-date across all systems.
EASY ONBOARDING
ParentSquare’s smooth onboarding process gets you started quickly and ensures continued success.
PROACTIVE CUSTOMER SUCCESS TEAM
On a scale of 1 to 10, you will find ParentSquare Support to be 10+. We work with your schools to ensure active usage and are always available via phone call, chat or email.
One Communication Platform for
DISTRICT ADMINISTRATORS
• Build your district’s brand • Improve parent satisfaction • Enable consistency across district
SCHOOL LEADERS
• Get visibility into school communication • Empower teacher-parent relationships • Build trust and community
IT ADMINISTRATORS
• Fully integrated secure solution • Support for everyone in the district • Managed set up and roll out
TEACHERS
• Provide a window into classroom • Experience smooth parent interactions • Spend less time planning
PARENT LEADERS
• Recruit parents to volunteer • Collect payments online, run fundraisers • Increase collaboration and participation
PARENTS
• Receive communication all in one-place • Relevant to you and your children • Easy tools to always stay involved
“Districts face many challenges when rolling out new technology including funding and end-user adoption, therefore strong vendor relationships play a key role in our success criteria. ParentSquare team is top-notch and acts as a partner to our District, offering excellence in service and support.”
Todd Ryckman
Chief Educational Technology Officer