Call Our HELPLINE
1-800-4PD-INFO (473-4636)
helpline@parkinson.org
Search Our Site
There is a lot to know about Parkinson's disease. Learn about symptoms, how it is diagnosed and what treatment options are available.
While living with PD can be challenging, there are many things you can do to maintain and improve your quality of life and live well with Parkinson's disease.
Research shows people with Parkinson’s who seek skilled care are at a lower risk of complications and have better quality of life.
Our research has led to breakthroughs in treatment and improved care that bring hope to the entire Parkinson's community.
What are you doing to beat Parkinson’s? Get involved to help raise funds and awareness for the 1 million Americans living with Parkinson’s disease.
There are many ways you can support the fight against Parkinson’s. Whatever form your gift takes, you can be confident that it goes toward providing crucial resources for those affected by this disease.
We have everything you need to live better with Parkinson’s. Support our mission to improve care and advance research toward a cure.
We have everything you need to live better with Parkinson’s. Support our mission to improve care and advance research toward a cure.
The Parkinson's Foundation makes life better for people with Parkinson’s disease by improving care and advancing research toward a cure. In everything we do, we build on the energy, experience and passion of our global Parkinson's community.
Parkinson’s disease is a neurodegenerative brain disorder. There is currently no cure, but there are many treatment options to manage symptoms.
No single one of these signs means that you should worry, though if you have more than one you should make an appointment to talk to your doctor.
We have chapters and Centers of Excellence across the country. Find a location near you.
Read the latest in research and tips from people living with Parkinson’s.
Join the Parkinson’s Foundation for one of our fundraising programs. Whether you walk with us at Moving Day®, join the indoor cycling Revolution or fundraise your way with Parkinson’s Champions, we are with you every step of the way.
Moving Day® is a movement for change — toward more awareness, more funding and a deeper understanding of a disease that affects so many of our family and friends. Are you ready to move?
Parkinson's Champions is a way for you to raise funds and awareness for Parkinson's disease any way you like. Take the lead and plan an event or register for an endurance race.
Parkinson’s Revolution is an indoor cycling fundraising experience that combines passion, determination and community to advance our mission toward a cure. Join us to perspire and be inspired!
Your donation to the Parkinson's Foundation goes directly to research, education and outreach efforts to beat Parkinson’s.
We rely on the energy, skills and passion of people like you to empower the Parkinson’s community.
Inspire people living with Parkinson’s to keep moving forward by sharing what makes you happy, healthy and hopeful.
Questions? Call our Helpline:
1-800-4PD-INFO (473-4636)
© 2019 Parkinson's Foundation
FL: 200 SE 1st Street, Ste 800, Miami, FL 33131, USA
NY: 1359 Broadway, Ste 1509, New York, NY 10018, USA
The Parkinson's Foundation is a 501(c)3 nonprofit organization. EIN: 13-1866796
Connect With Us:
© 2019 Parkinson's Foundation
FL: 200 SE 1st Street, Ste 800, Miami, FL 33131, USA
NY: 1359 Broadway, Ste 1509, New York, NY 10018, USA
The Parkinson's Foundation is a 501(c)3 nonprofit organization. EIN: 13-1866796