Healthy Steps, Parkview Huntington Hospital's health and wellness fair
7:00 AM - 11:00 AM
Parkview Huntington Hospital
At Parkview, our mission is to improve your health and inspire your well-being. We’re a not-for-profit, community-based health system serving northeast Indiana and northwest Ohio. Parkview Health includes an extensive network of primary care and specialty physicians and ten hospitals, with the Parkview Regional Medical Center campus a regional destination for specialized care. With more than 12,000 employees, Parkview Health is the region’s largest employer. Parkview was named one of America’s Top Employers by Forbes in 2019 and has been designated a Magnet health system for nursing excellence.Find Out More
10/26/2019
Layering gear can keep athletes comfortable and safe during chilly winter workouts.
10/25/2019
A Parkview chaplain and mindfulness expert discuss the purpose of pain and how people can navigate trying times.
10/25/2019
Things you can sometimes do to help a friend or family member during their care journey.
10/25/2019
All grandparents should be aware of the new Safe Sleep recommendations for infants. Take our quiz to see if you're prepared.
Healthy Steps, Parkview Huntington Hospital's health and wellness fair
7:00 AM - 11:00 AM
Parkview Huntington Hospital
Francine's Friends
9:00 AM - 3:00 PM
Liberty Tax Service
Cancer,Mammography,Support Groups
Basic and Beyond Parenting
9:00 AM - 4:00 PM
Parkview Regional Medical Center
Maternity,Parenting
Bows & Bowties Baby Shower
1:00 PM - 3:00 PM
Parkview Hospital Randallia
Maternity,Parenting
We believe in making life better by raising the bar with clinical research, genetic counseling, and access to the latest cardiac innovations like the Watchman™ AFib implant.
Our focus is on the patient experience, and we’ve designed our model of care to bring the best possible cancer care to the region.
At Parkview, we make a personalized approach to treating your unique joint or spine needs.
We make up the region’s only team of board-certified acute care surgeons specializing in critical care.
While we are known for our stroke program, Parkview Neuroscience teams provide expert care and the most advanced technology available for a wide range of needs.
At Parkview, we’ve been delivering babies for a long time, and watching families grow brings us great joy.
Parkview Health
5/2019
At Parkview, we connect you with the region’s top primary care physicians and specialists located throughout northeast Indiana and northwest Ohio.About Parkview Physicians Group