Well-Being
Year 10 step out of their comfort zone preparing for the upcoming Duke of Edinburgh's International Awards...
Being at Patana
Our students have access to a world of opportunity within and beyond their classrooms.
Prospective Families
The School's mission is to ensure that students of different nationalities grow to their full potential as independent learners in a caring British international community
As the oldest British international school in Thailand, we are proud to embody the best of British values with an international outlook. Our curriculum is broad and balanced. From Nursery to Year 13, it links to the English National Curriculum with assessments taking place at key points. We are committed to the rigour of British education and emphasise hard work, integrity, strong moral principles and fairness. We provide diverse opportunities for our students to explore new areas and discover their passions. Our strong pastoral system supports student well-being and allows them to fulfil their potential.
We are a truly international school with a very diverse student body. We develop global citizens and world perspectives are woven throughout the curriculum and extra-curricular programmes. We embrace the IB (International Baccalaureate) Learner Profile and students complete the IB Diploma Programme in their last two years at school. Our values of being diverse and inclusive and empowered by our inter-culturalism make us proud to be part of this caring British international community. We are proud to see our students develop into respectful contributors to local and global communities. Bangkok Patana is a not-for-profit school. The Board and management are the stewards of our organisation and they act on our core values of well-being, learning and global citizenship.
At Bangkok Patana, we leverage our experience with the adoption of leading-edge pedagogical practices. More than 80% of our teachers are recruited from the UK or from British international schools. All our teachers are fully certified and we have a strong professional development culture to ensure they remain at the forefront of pedagogy. Our teachers and students have been an integral part of campus development resulting in learning environments that are amongst the best in Asia.
Our Primary School children enjoy a ‘neighbourhood’, small-school environment within the larger community. They can feel confident and secure within their purpose-built “home”, where their classrooms, collaborative learning spaces and playgrounds have been specially designed for their Year group. Secondary faculties also have purpose-built learning environments. The state-of-the-art Science Centre is well appointed, the Arts Centre boasts two theatres, sound-proofed music rooms, numerous Drama studios with mirrors and sprung floors and Art classes abundant in natural light. The Sports Complex has eight Tennis Courts and four full-size 11-a-side football pitches (in addition to the pitches on the school side).
Aside from the rigorous academic programme, the extra-curricular programme is second to none with more than 400 different activities being run each week. We have five academies: Swimming, Tennis, Gymnastics, Football and Dance and Drama. These academies offer specialised, focused training and competitive training. Our students benefit from this all-round development and supportive learning. Our graduates receive an incredible number of offers from top universities and programmes around the world. Our IGCSE and IB results are strong when compared with similar schools, and as a not academically selective school, this is the true test that shows we deliver on our mission to ensure that our students grow to their full potential as independent learners in a caring British international community.