All the registered users earn free recharge through free recharge vouchers send to their registered email id. Users need to ensure they register on PayBox using their email id that they frequently access, so that they don’t miss out on free recharge vouchers. To earn talktime users need to open and click on free recharge vouchers sent to their registered email id. This is an easy and instant way to earn talktime that’s get added to the wallet. There is no limit on how much users can earn through these recharge vouchers.
PayBox gives ₹5 free recharge as referral bonus for inviting friends and if more than 50 friends join than user gets additional ₹100 free PayTM cash. Please note free recharge amount gets added to wallet only after your friend verifies email id and mobile number. You can earn talktime every month by inviting your friends on WhatsApp, Share it on Facebook wall or sending an invite to your Gmail contacts. Users are earning unlimited free recharge by just inviting their friends. There is no limit on referrals, you can invite as many friends as you want. More the merrier.
Paid polls are published on PayBox every day. You need to be a registered member of PayBox to cast your vote. Each poll is live for 24 hours to cast a vote. If your vote is the most popular choice, then upto 50paise of free recharge is added to your PayBox wallet. More you participate more free recharge you earn that can be redeemed to Mobikwik or PayTM wallet. All you need to do is spend couple of minutes on PayBox to enjoy free recharge everyday. While you earn free recharge on PayBox by participating in paid polls, you can earn talktime by sharing a poll. If your poll is approved by our editorial team then you get ₹10 free recharge that can be redeemed to Mobikwik or Free PayTM cash. Here are the guidelines to ensure your poll is approved to get free recharge.
- Poll should be based on opinion not facts
- Similar poll has not been published before
- Poll should have an engaging content
We suggest you to review our live and past polls to get a better understanding about the poll content and topics that you should choose. Please note you need to be a registered user of PayBox to add a poll.
Apart from helping users earn free recharge on PayBox, we also share free recharge tricks & free recharge offers on other websites and apps. Our team works continuously to bring out latest free recharge tricks related to mobile recharges, so you can save on online recharge. We try our best to share the most recent free recharge tricks & free recharge offers so you can earn talktime on daily basis. Sign-up with PayBox so that you don’t miss any offer and receive free recharge offers delivered straight to your inbox.
PayBox games is another interesting way of earning free recharge everyday. Users can play games to earn talktime instead of earning virtual currency like other gaming websites and apps. Whenever you win a game, a free recharge is added to PayBox wallet that can be redeemed to get Mobikwik cash or free PayTM cash that gives a flexibility to spend. So sign-up now on PayBox if you want to enjoy free PayTM cash.
We publish 5 trends daily where user have to guess the percentage. For every right guess, user is rewarded with ₹5 free recharge. Users can participate in all the trends everyday. It takes less than a minute to lock your guess. We also allow users to change their guess before the trend is closed. The percentage that gets maximum number of guesses if selected as a winning percentage and all the users who have locked that number gets ₹5 PayTM cash. So register now to earn free recharge.
PayBox works with lot of direct advertisers and help them in promoting their products, services, website or apps. You can earn talktime and get free recharge for these activities like installing mobile apps, register on the website or app, enquire about a product or service, take part in a survey, browse website, like Facebook page, follow Twitter page, write a review etc. We pay users free recharge only once for each activity not for repeated activity. To participate in any of these activities you need to be a registered user of PayBox.
I am using PayBox since 1 month its a very wonderful app with great payouts.