Withdraw cash & transfer money at the Nearby retail store with just the fingerprint & Aadhaar number
Transfer money instantly to any bank account in India at the Nearby retail store
Pay card/online payment simply and securely to Nearby retail store with smartphone, without a card machine
Pay utility bills for over 100 billers in India at the Nearby retail store. All under one roof
Instantly recharge mobile number and TV DTH at the Nearby retail store
Retailers can manage their khata better with a smart calculator that helps organise their customer purchases and boost sales
BankNearby is an enterprise cash management solution that enables organizations to digitize their cash collection at the first mile and access data at the last mile in real time. It is apt for enterprises that manage cash collection, such as E-Commerce firms with their Cash-on-Delivery (COD) services, FMCGs or Network Marketing entrepreneurs who manage cash payments, or insurance companies collecting premiums in cash.
CashNearby Enterprise Solution provides an opportunity to organizations, to utilize the vast network of PayNearby retailers across the nation to easily disburse cash to its on-field employees, without having to handle cash or issue corporate cards.Best suited for FMCG companies, travel service providers, vehicle rental agencies, logistics firms, food delivery services and other businesses that have on-field employees.
It allows the enterprises with remote working locations to digitally disburse salaries in the bank accounts of their workers/employees while ensuring compliance for identification and age regulations. SalaryNearby enables enterprises to offer assisted services such as cash withdrawal, cash deposit, balance inquiry, domestic money remittance, mobile recharge etc to its employees from within the premises.
FMCG organizations can implement the CollectNearby solution across their distributor-retailer channel and simplify the complete payment collection and incentive disbursal processes. Using the solution, NBFCs or Insurance companies can enable their customers to deposit their EMIs or premiums at their nearby retailers.
Founder, CEO
An IIMA alumnus and a Chartered Accountant with 17 years of experience in Digital Payments & Mobility, Anand holds 5 patents and was the Chief Innovation Officer of Yes Bank.
Co-Founder, COO
A technology professional and payments industry stalwart with 17 years of experience. Subhash was the Chief Operating Officer of Hermes.
Co-Founder, Director
An MBA graduate with 18 years of experience, Rajesh was previously a Co-founder & CEO of a successful Wealth & Investment Advisory business across India and Singapore.
Co-Founder, Director
An engineering graduate from Manipal Institute of Technology and an MBA from NMIMS, Yashwant has been a Product Manager at Tally and Yes Bank.