Trending Now
Was Gov. Gina M. Raimondo right to file a lawsuit to challenge the need for legislative approval of marijuana and hemp regulations?
Top Story
Union gets toehold in R.I.’s marijuana industry
THE NASCENT CANNABIS INDUSTRY in Rhode Island is expanding quickly and attracting the attention of a national union best known for organizing supermarket workers.The...
This Week's PBN Updates
Featured Stories
Latest News
This Week's Print Edition
Cover Story
Lack of new, affordable R.I. homes a growing problem
Richard Marcello, a homebuilder of 34 years, remembers when many new houses were under construction across Rhode Island. He started building homes with his father as a teenager, drawn to the mental and physical challenges of the work.Now there are new challenges.Marcello’s Exeter-based Knollwood Building Co. builds homes for the entry-level buyer, but this work has become more difficult...
Previous PBN Cover Stories
We Were Cloud Before Cloud Was Cool
Virtualization Changes the Game Most companies have IT departments out of necessity, but those teams often spend much of their time putting out fires and...
To Market, to Market
Two researchers are developing a device to stabilize newborns being tested for meningitis. Another two are growing human tissue for post heart-attack repair. Others...
The Translator
With 25 years of research and treatment under his belt, medical oncologist and colorectal cancer specialist Wafik El-Deiry, MD, PhD, FACP (above), knows a...
Susan Pomfret Geared to Help Clients Reach Retirement Goals as an RICP®
Susan Pomfret, SVP of CrossCountry Mortgage's home equity conversion mortgage lending division, earned the Retirement Income Certified Professional® (RICP) designation from The American College...
Napatree Capital Expands Team with Mike Moses
Michael Moses is a senior member of the investment and advisory team. With more than 25 years of experience, he recently served as a...
BankNewport Announces Branch Sales Manager
BankNewport is pleased to announce that Jessica L. Couto, of Portsmouth, Rhode Island, has been appointed to assistant vice president, branch sales manager of...
YMCA of Greater Providence 3rd Annual Golf Tournament Raises $130,000 for Children &...
Cranston, Rhode Island (October 7, 2019) -- For the third year in a row, the Y's annual golf tournament has raised over $130,000 to...
The Wolf School’s Conference To Explore Technology’s Impact On Children
On November 2, 2019, the public is invited to attend The Wolf School’s 5th annual Complex Learners Conference to explore technology’s impact on children,...
Rhode Island Society of CPAs Announces Launch of RI Business Forum Multi Industry Platform
Cranston, RI /PRNewswire/ --Rhode Island Society of CPAs (RISCPA), one of the largest membership organizations in Rhode Island, today announced the launch of...