Download and install our app in seconds.
Run our Smart-Scan, we'll locate any vulnerable areas.
We'll keep your device protected and monitored.
Use our QuickScan or a Full System scan to check for malware, adware and viruses.
Instantly improve your PC's boot time, control apps and stop unnecessary processes.
Relax! We will monitor your devices in real time to keep you safe from threats.
Your data is safe when guarded by our leading Two-Way Firewall.
At PCProtect we believe that everyone should be able to run a free antivirus scan allowing you to quickly identify malware, PUA (Potentially Unwanted Programs) or privacy concerns that may be hiding on your computer.
Once downloaded, just register for free inside our app and in a matter of minutes your free smart scan will begin using our latest antivirus definitions. The smart scan will highlight any malware, PUAs, privacy concerns and also show you some recommendations to improve the performance of your computer.
After the scan we will show you the location of any threats so you can remove them yourself or you can choose to pay and upgrade to our premium real-time antivirus licence which will automatically remove any threats, enables our real-time protection plus enables our system tune-up features as a bonus.
At PCProtect your protection is our priority.
© 2019 PCProtect. All rights reserved.
To help you stay protected and have a completely uninterrupted service, at the end of each subscription period we will auto-renew your subscription for another term (until you cancel) by charging your payment method on file the undiscounted standard subscription price. Don’t want to auto-renew? You can speak to our 24/7 support team to assist with switching this off. PCProtect often offers promotions and special introductory offers to new customers during their initial term. These special offers are promotional prices that are available to new customers only and are valid for the initial term only. Upon renewal, you will be billed at the regular rates. Paying customers can disable the continuous protection feature located within the edit payment method option within the billing section.
We're so confident that you won't want to leave PC Protect, we'll give you your money back if you do - No questions asked! During the first 30 days, if you decide PC Protect isn't for you, we'll refund your subscription fees in full.
Your satisfaction is our top priority, and we're so confident that you'll be pleased with our services:
For full information on our Refund and Cancellation policy including how to cancel please click here
© 2019 PC Protect. All rights reserved.
The pricing shown for the antivirus protection plan excludes VAT (value-added tax), in some countries this is also known as GST (goods and services tax).
The rate applied for your location is charged at 20% and will be added to your total amount paid.