Welcome to the #1 Source for All Men
PDS Courses is more than a site. It is a Lifestyle.
Are you struggling with women? Are you alone? Are you shy? Or just want to learn something new?
Do not worry ! That´s why we are here. To change your life. Permanently.
What Topics We Are Covering
Pick Up
How to approach her — wherever she is.
Dating
Discover the secrets that will make women want you, chase you, and call you back every time. We will cover online dating too.
Seduction
Learn TOP SECRETS for how to become an alpha male.
Sex
Everything about one of the most intense act.
Self-Improvement
How to be a better person in all aspects and not be a Douchebag 🙂
Body Language
Understanding and using nonverbal communication, speech patterns, and vocal tones.
Let´s recap everything:
What you will learn:
How to attract women
How to get them in bed very fast
How to let them experience the best sex ever
How to handle groups of women
What is and how to use Body language
How to improve your personality
How to get most of online dating
What and how women think
How to keep your relationships
Site Features:
Immediate access
Easy and fast downloading
Support for resume downloading
Only two membership choices
No recurring payments
Pay for membership only if you want to
Permanent and clean files
Support Files (video players, download managers)
Requests
And many more…
So, what are you waiting for?
Latest Downloads – Updates
Gray Cook – Key Functional Exercises You Should Know
Description What’s the difference between functional exercise and corrective exercise? Stop and consider that. Can you give a confident answer? Tune in as Gray brings clarity to the corrective hierarchy. In this lecture, filmed [...]
Martin Merrill – Make Women Laugh
Foreword We can all agree that everyone has a sense of humor. It just comes in all shapes and sizes. As the saying goes, one man’s joke is another man’s poison. Some people may [...]
Jon Sinn – Sexual Intelligence Training Program
The “Sexual Intelligence Training Program” is designed to help men develop their seduction skills. It shows you how communicate with women to attract and sleep with them. The program aims to teach you [...]
Mike Gillette – MindBoss Academy
Gain Instant Access to My 30+ Year Collection of Secret Mental Techniques That Will Allow You to Develop Monk-Like Discipline, Unlock Unlimited Motivation and Become Laser-Focused So You Can Defeat Impossible Odds and Achieve [...]
Masculine Edge – Dr.Farhan Khawaja
Welcome to the... Masculine EDGE Your TRANFORMATION BEGINS NOW!! Here you will literally know everything about Testosterone and how to reclaim your 'Masculine Edge'. SIZE: 16 GB SalesPage (more info) Masculine Edge [...]
The Complete Mind Mapping Mastery Course For Success
Mind Mapping is a life changing system that each and every person can follow and adapt to. Imagine being able to take control of your career, your school or learning, your goals and new [...]
Eckhart Tolle – School of Awakening 2019
Dear friend on the path, Welcome to The Eckhart Tolle School of Awakening. I know many of you are experiencing inner transformation. Perhaps you have begun to realize the possibility within yourself of living [...]
Yoga, Tools for Transformation Relax, Replenish & Revive
Simple & Powerful Yoga practices to Achieve Health, Joy, Peace and Success Plus Insights on Yoga & Meditation "Yoga is not something that you do. Yoga is something that you become. It is not [...]
Holosync – Super Learning Memory Suite
This Suite Includes Four High-Quality Soundtracks To Enhance Your Natural Learning Abilities Here's what you get: Ultra Focus & Learning Retain more information in a shorter amount of time! The ultimate “super learning” track, Ultra [...]
Jim Kwik – Superbrain
Unleash Your Brain From All Limitations & Develop a Super Memory In Just 30 Days Why This Program The Superbrain Quest is an accelerated learning curriculum designed to activate your brain’s limitless potential. [...]
Nick Richards – Sexual Power Words – Sensual Power Words
These two books and short video show you exactly how I can "turn on hot women" and immediately have them lusting uncontrollably for me even if I’m not their type. I don't have to [...]
Greg Greenway – The 53 Laws
The 53 Laws is designed to help men become a king with women by providing strategies to trigger hot sexual attraction in them. It aims to give you new options in your dating life, [...]
Badboy – The Instasex Method
Hello, my name is BadBoy, and today I’m going to tell you how despite being paralyzed on one side of my body and walking with a humiliating limp… I’ve dated THOUSANDS of drop dead [...]
Yoga – Everyday Yoga for Everybody
The perfect daily yoga program for reconnecting your body, mind and soul. It empowers you to listen & enjoy your body. Description This daily yoga program gives your body the freedom to react [...]
Jay Julio – Cool Guy with Women
Hey guys! How do you handle your dates? Is your approach effective and appropriate? When you date someone for the first time most probably the woman starts to weigh you in. Generally women start [...]
Badboy – DNA Techniques Bundle
The Best way to Learn Club free blackjack online Game, Kisss closes, and all other things directly from Badboy. You will learn all of the moves, tricks and lines, that will get you INSTANT [...]
Transform 20 – Beachbody on Demand
Transform :20 is a high-intensity, six-week workout and nutrition program that will help transform your body and mind in just 20 minutes a day. This breakthrough total-body workout might be intense, but Transform :20 [...]
Seduce With Style 2 – Vince Lin
Men's style has traditionally been dominated by fast tips and mass market advice. Learn the true secrets of style and attraction in this Kindle book. What would it be like to instantly create a [...]
Vishen Lakhiani – The 6 Phase Meditation
If you could practice ONE thing every day that would create the most radical transformation in your life – what would it be? This could be the answer… The 6-Phase Meditation is a critically acclaimed [...]
Karen Brody – Open Her
Open Her teaches a man how to embody 7 Masculine Archetypes to engage his woman in a deeper, more passionate dance of love. Each archetype brings a power and a gift, a secret key [...]
2 Girls Teach Sex – 60 Minute Stamina
This program from 2GTS is designed to show men how to last 60 minutes or more in bed. Table of Contents - The 60 Minute Stamina Advanced Seminars - 60 Minute Stamina In Action - [...]
Online Dating Unlocked – How to Get Girls to Message You Back
Comprehensive guide how to get women to message you back on Match dot com the worlds largest dating site in the world What you'll learn Learn how to create amazing dating profile that stands [...]
Patrick McKeown – The Oxygen Advantage
A simple yet revolutionary approach to improving your body’s oxygen use, increasing your health, weight loss, and sports performance—whether you’re a recovering couch potato or an Ironman triathlon champion. With a foreword by New [...]
Charles Runels – Erection Enhancement
Erection Enhancement First, let me just set the record straight, yes, it is possible to cause the penis to grow even after a man has reached maturity. Why I Revealed this Recipe and What [...]
Wim Hof Method
Classic 10-Week video course Take the old-school approach and learn the WHM techniques straight-up, no frills. The Classic 10-Week Video Course is an online course that teaches you the Wim Hof Method through a [...]