When I was single and living alone, my living room was plastered with framed autographs from my favorite adult stars. No one but bootie calls ever came over, so it was never really an issue. It was basically a “perverts only” living space and that was totally fine with my lifestyle at the time.
One of the first disagreements that I had with my wife when we moved in together was over a dildo. My sex toy collection has been pretty extensive for decades and I have a few special toys that I like to display. Like, if I’m going to spend $200+ on something that gives me orgasms, I’m going to want to show it off. My njoy Pure Wand deserves to live on our coffee table. Even though I lost the battle, I stand by my opinion on that matter.
that I like to display. Like, if I’m going to spend $200+ on something that gives me orgasms, I’m going to want to show it off. My njoy Pure Wand deserves to live on our coffee table. Even though I lost the battle, I stand by my opinion on that matter.
Especially now, with the sexual revolution happening in everyone’s backyard, it’s easy to find products that are for sexy time that are actually beautiful display pieces. Lube, vibrators, cockrings, lingerie…it’s all available out there and creeping out of our nightstands and into full frontal view.
The 2019 Pornhub Awards has happened, Peepz! The star studded event involves fan voting, lots of boobs and a fuck ton of teleprompter reading. It’s pretty entertaining to watch, honestly.
Award shows are usually a skip in our house, but my wife and I sat down to watch the Pornhub awards together. It was a fun bonding experience. While we were streaming the event on our living room TV, my wife kept hunting down clips with each of the nominees that she wasn’t familiar with. It took us a fucking long ass time to get through the whole show because she isn’t as up to date on Pornhub happenings as I am. Whatever though, it was an excellently educational bonding experience for us.
If you give a click HERE you can see a list of all the nominees so that you can make some guesses while you’re watching the below clip of the entire event.
It has been nearly a year since I first wrote about HBO hiring Intimacy Coordinators here on Peeperz. I’m happy to report that the niche job market has been booming over the last 365 days and the position is in high demand. That English degree that I have hanging up in my library has never felt more useless to me.
Society has been slowly changing it’s ideas about sex and sexuality and that means that our entertainment is going to change too. We want to watch love stories, but we also want to see the raw and raunchy action that is going to behind closed doors. Most households aren’t gathered around the television after dinner to watch Phoenix Marie’s epic return to porno like my wife and I are, so the sex scenes need to be a bit less gaping butthole in your face. That’s where Intimacy Coordinators come in.
Hollywood wants to cross boundaries, but they want to do it in a safe, sane and consensual way that protects the actors. Everyone should feel safe when they’re at work and being in the movies is no exception.
Did you Peepz ever watch Boy Meets World back in the day? Maitland Ward was on that show, once upon a time. Now that she’s in her forties though, she’s decided to completely embrace her sexuality and start performing in adult films.
I think that Maitland encompasses everything that a MILF is in my mind. She’s beautiful, with long legs, red hair and striking eyes. You can’t help but stare at her when she’s in a scene. My favorite thing about the way that she performs is the way she kisses. Maybe it’s BECAUSE she was a mainstream actress before she started fucking on film, but I believe everything that she sells me. If she’s in movie where she’s playing the naughty next door neighbor, I have to double check my fence to make sure that she isn’t my actual neighbor. Her passion comes through every second that she’s on camera. Even when she titty fucks! When is the last time that you saw a convincing titty fuck?
Peepz, last weekend I went out to dinner with one of my friends. We started talking about how hot it would be if the couple sitting next to us swiped their plates to the floor and started fucking on top of whatever mozzarella sticks were leftover.
As soon as I got home I scrambled to Pornhub so that I could track down some visuals for my fantasies. I thought that we could share them with each other because they got me so turned on. Are you Peepz ready? Grab your favorite jizz towel and let’s fap!
How about a little bit of champagne all over my tits? How does that sound? There’s a Czech orgy up first on this list. Everywhere the camera pans, someone is sipping, nibbling or fucking. Pleasures abound.
When I was 25, I was working in an adult video store as my side hustle. I loved that job because I was able to surround myself with sex and perversion and get paid to make conversation with the customers about my favorite topics. During my time there, I met a man who introduced me […]
I’ve had sex in more than a few parking garages. If you find the right spot, it’s an easy place to find some alone time while still feeling like you’re out in public. It can be a complete rush, but not on this guy’s time. A man named Evon Stephens was sentenced to five years […]
One of my pervy friends over on FetLife sent me a message last week. He said that he loves catching up with my posts here on Peeperz and that he wanted to ask me about the size of balls. Big dicks get all the attention sometimes, but what about the other part of the junk? […]
Hello my Peepz! You know why I love writing these Fap Alongs so much? It gives me an excuse to poke around on Pornhub with a mission in mind. Not that my own personal masturbation isn’t enough of an excuse, but it’s nice to feel like I’m helping out more than just myself. This week, […]
There are two things you’re going to need to know in order to make sense of this post. First is, “Who is Mark Ronson?” and the second is, “What is a Sapiosexual?” Easy questions, but I had to research the answer to one of them. I had zero idea who Mark Ronson was before this […]