A gift with
a message
a message
Blush Wellness G Curve Waterproof Rechargeable Vibrator
Stunning and amazingly strong, the Blush Wellness G Curve is a great addition to any power lover’s toybox. G Curve’s contoured shape is curved for G-spot pressure or easy external stimulation. Solo or with a partner, you’ll be able to choose between 10 vibe functions, including 5 powerful steady speeds.
Wellness G Curve is waterproof for play in the bath or shower. Its smooth silicone coating is silky and easy to clean.
Dimensions: 1.5” width; 6” insertable length; 8” total length
Available in purple.
Rosebuds Stainless Steel Butt Plug - Heliotrope - 2 Sizes
With its glimmering Heliotrope crystal, the Rosebuds Stainless Steel Butt Plug is body jewelry. Made from mirror-polished stainless steel, each Rosebuds is polished by hand. The classic tapered shape is designed for easy insertion. Rosebuds create a weighty feeling and can intensify vaginal sensation, or put pressure on the prostate.
Lab-tested to meet US and European CE safety standards, Rosebuds plugs are easy to keep clean and shining. They’re available in two compact sizes, “medium” and “large.”
Dimensions
Medium: 1.18” width; 2.95” length
Large: 1.38” width; 3.35” length
BMS PalmPower Extreme Ultra-Powerful Rechargeable Wand Vibrator
The PalmPower Extreme is the newest, strongest PowerBullet vibrator by BMS Factory! This wand massager is intensely powerful, with 7 bone-rattling preset functions. Or switch to incremental speed control: press and hold until you find your desired intensity level.
PalmPower Extreme’s handle features an ergonomic angle for comfortable grip. The smooth silicone head is available in two colors, Black and PalmPower Fuchsia. Extreme is cordless and rechargeable for freedom as you play.
Dimensions: 10.5” total length; 1.8” width (head)
Available in Fuchsia or Black.
We-Vibe Melt App-Controlled Pleasure Air Clitoral Stimulator
The We-Vibe Melt is an app-controlled pressure wave air stimulator: perfect for solo play or for couples! Melt surrounds the clitoris with the pressure wave technology unique to Womanizer toys. With 12 different intensity levels, the We-Vibe Melt will let you find just the right amount of sensation.
This item includes Free FedEx 2-Day Air shipping to anywhere in the United States, including Alaska and Hawaii. Please note: Orders must be placed by 1 p.m. EST to receive same-day shipping.
Use the We-Connect app to conveniently adjust intensity, or let a partner control your pleasure remotely—even long-distance. Melt is designed to fit easily between bodies. Its smooth silicone exterior is 100% waterproof and easy to clean.
Vixen VixSkin Ranger Dual-Density Dildo with Suction Cup
The newest VixSkin ultra-realistic dildo, Ranger by Vixen Creations stands out from the crowd. Ranger’s wide head crowns a slimmer shaft, for a satisfying pop with each thrust. Its dual layers of platinum silicone—soft outside and firm core—combine for a lifelike feel. Ranger’s skin detailing, retracted foreskin, and pronounced veins take this dildo’s realistic effect to the next level. The VixSkin Ranger also includes a suction cup base, making it harness-compatible too.
This item includes Free FedEx 2-Day Air shipping to anywhere in the United States, including Alaska and Hawaii. Please note: Orders must be placed by 1 p.m. EST to receive same-day shipping.
Vixen Creations dildos are handmade in the USA. Their body-safe platinum silicone is top-quality and made to last!
Dimensions: 2” maximum width (at head ridge); 1.75” maximum width (shaft); 6.125” insertable length; 7” total length
Available in black.
Rosebuds Stainless Steel Butt Plug - Aurora Borealis - 2 Sizes
With its eye-catching Aurora Borealis crystal, the Rosebuds Stainless Steel Butt Plug is body jewelry. Made from mirror-polished stainless steel, each Rosebuds is polished by hand. The classic tapered shape is designed for easy insertion. Rosebuds create a weighty feeling and can intensify vaginal sensation, or put pressure on the prostate.
Lab-tested to meet US and European CE safety standards, Rosebuds plugs are easy to keep clean and shining. They’re available in two compact sizes, “medium” and “large.”
Dimensions
Medium: 1.18” width; 2.95” length
Large: 1.38” width; 3.35” length
Uberrime Splendid Dual-Density Dildo Medium Size One Color
With a forward curve and prominent head, the Splendid is designed for optimal G-spot or prostate stimulation. The toy’s two layers of silicone create a realistic feel: soft to the touch, yet firm when squeezed. The Splendid’s vein-like texture adds extra sensation.
This item includes FedEx 2-Day Air shipping to anywhere in the United States, including Alaska and Hawaii: select “Standard Shipping” at checkout. Please note: Orders must be placed by 1 p.m. EST to receive same-day shipping.
This version of the Splendid features a single color of pearlescent pigment, which creates a unique marbling effect in each dildo. In medium size, the Splendid offers a slightly above average girth and a comfortable average length.
All Uberrime dildos are made by hand, so no two come out exactly alike.
Dimensions: Maximum diameter: 1.67”; Average shaft diameter: 1.6”; Total length: 6”; Usable length: 5.5”
Available in: Pearl Blue, Pearl Rose, Pearl Violet, and Pearl Green.
Formerly known as the Splendid Gentleman.
Uberrime Splendid Dual-Density Dildo
With a forward curve and prominent head, the Splendid is designed for optimal G-spot or prostate stimulation. The toy’s two layers of silicone create a realistic feel: soft to the touch, yet firm when squeezed. The Splendid’s vein-like texture adds extra sensation.
This item includes FedEx 2-Day Air shipping to anywhere in the United States, including Alaska and Hawaii. Please note: Orders must be placed by 1 p.m. EST to receive same-day shipping.
All Uberrime Dildos are handmade, so no two toys come out exactly alike.
Dimensions: Maximum diameter: 1.67”; Average shaft diameter: 1.6”; Total length: 6”; Usable length: 5.5”
Available colors: (1) Pearl Pink to Pearl White; (2) Sapphire Blue to Pearl White; or (3) Amethyst Purple to Pearl White
Formerly known as the Splendid Gentleman
Uberrime Night King Fantasy Dildo, Fire & Ice Colors
Not for the faint of heart, the Night King Dildo by Uberrime is a handcrafted fantasy toy that won’t leave you wanting. Inspired by the icy GOT character, the Night King features a phallic head and an incredibly detailed, textured shaft, all in a soft silicone. This dildo’s long length is great for depth play or wrapped around for external stimulation. With a wide, flared base, the Night King is safe for all bodies.
This item includes FedEx 2-Day Air shipping to anywhere in the United States, including Alaska and Hawaii. Please note: Orders must be placed by 1 p.m. EST to receive same-day shipping.
This version of the Night King comes in Fire & Ice colors: a flaming yellow to red upper shaft transitions into a beautiful bright blue. The Night King is also available here in character colors: a frigid silver & bright blue to dark blue.
Made of certified skin-safe platinum silicone in the USA, all Uberrime Dildos are a one-of-a-kind work of art. The colors in each hand-poured toy come out slightly differently, so two toys ever look the same.
Dimensions: Maximum diameter: 1.7”; Total length: 9”; Usable length: 8”
Available in Fire & Ice theme colors: Yellow & red marbled into blue.
We-Vibe Moxie Remote & App-Controlled Wearable Clitoral Vibrator
The We-Vibe Moxie takes public play to the next level. This upgrade to the traditional panty vibe is made from high-quality silicone and features strong, rumbly vibration intensity. With its magnetic clip, this compact vibe is designed to be worn discreetly in underwear. Use either the included remote control or the We-Connect app to explore 10+ vibration functions, wherever you go!
This item includes Free FedEx 2-Day Air shipping to anywhere in the United States, including Alaska and Hawaii. Please note: Orders must be placed by 1 p.m. EST to receive same-day shipping.
Moxie’s contour fits perfectly against the body, and it’s waterproof and whisper-quiet. The app allows you to play together whether you’re right next to each other or a world apart. Moxie’s silky smooth exterior and beautiful shape can bring you pleasure while you’re sitting, standing, walking, or lying flat. Enjoy all the power of a We-Vibe motor now in a wearable, hands-free form!
Dimensions: 3.35” x 0.9” x 1.06”
Available in teal.
Le Wand Chrome Collection Bullet Elegant Rechargeable Vibrator
The Le Wand Chrome Bullet’s sleek metal body will let strong vibes resound. This bullet vibrator also includes two stimulating silicone sleeves that will bring variety to your play session. Use it either internally or externally, exploring its 11 vibe modes plus 4 different intensity levels.
The Le Wand Chrome Bullet is fully waterproof, USB rechargeable, and travel-friendly. All Le Wand Chrome vibes are as well suited for a fashion & lifestyle photo shoot as for your nightstand!
Dimensions: 0.75” wide; 3” long
Available in Rose Gold or Black.
Blush Impressions N4 Vibrating Dildo with Suction Cup
The Blush Impressions N4 offers intense vibes plus a sleek curved shape. You won’t find a more powerful vibrating suction cup dildo! Impressions N4’s vibes—5 steady speeds and 5 vibration patterns—reverberate through the toy’s firm, satin smooth silicone shaft. Press its strong suction cup base down onto any smooth surface for hands-free pleasure.
This item includes FedEx 2-Day Air shipping to anywhere in the United States, including Alaska and Hawaii: select “Standard Shipping” at checkout. Please note: Orders must be placed by 1 p.m. EST to receive same-day shipping.
Impressions vibrating suction cup dildos are available in a range of flowing designs and colors. All feature suction cup bases that are also harness compatible!
Dimensions: 6.75” insertable; 7.5” total length; 1.5” width
Available in purple.
b-Vibe Vibrating Snug Plug Weighted Silicone Butt Plugs with Vibration 2 Sizes
The b-Vibe Vibrating Snug Plug takes the original Snug Plugs’ weighted silicone design and adds vibration! Feel even more as you explore your Vibrating Snug Plug’s 4 vibration levels plus 6 vibration patterns. This powerful anal vibrator is waterproof and USB rechargeable.
This item includes FedEx 2-Day Air shipping to anywhere in the United States, including Alaska and Hawaii. Please note: Orders must be placed by 1 p.m. EST to receive same-day shipping.
The Vibrating Snug Plug features a thin, flexible neck for easy long-term wear, as the torpedo-shaped body locks comfortably into place. The sleek anchor base is designed to sit perfectly between the butt cheeks.
Vibrating Snug Plugs are available in 2 size and weight options: beginner-friendly and more advanced!
Dimensions:
Vibrating Snug Plug Medium:
112 g weighted plug (2 oz.)
Size: 1.2” maximum width × 4.3” length
Available in Rose or Black
Vibrating Snug Plug Large:
247 g weighted plug (8.7 oz.)
Size: 1.7” maximum width × 5.35” length
Available in Navy or Black
Hot Octopuss DiGiT Powerful Finger Vibrator
With deep vibes and an ergonomic shape, the Hot Octopuss DiGiT is incredibly easy to use during sex. The finger loop attaches DiGiT seamlessly to your hand. Delight in its 10 powerful functions as you play alone or with a partner.
This item includes FedEx 2-Day Air shipping to anywhere in the United States, including Alaska and Hawaii: select “Standard Shipping” at checkout. Please note: Orders must be placed by 1 p.m. EST to receive same-day shipping.
Hot Octopuss DiGiT’s smooth silicone body features an elegant metallic accent and two control buttons. DiGiT is fully waterproof, so it’s ideal for play in the shower or bath. Body-safe and USB rechargeable, DiGiT is simple to clean and care for.
Dimensions: 3.5” length; 1.2” vibe width; 1.9” finger loop width
Rosebuds Stainless Steel Butt Plug - Clear Swarovski Crystal - 2 Sizes
Rosebuds Stainless Steel Butt Plugs are beautiful body jewelry. Made from mirror-polished stainless steel, each Rosebuds is embellished with an authentic Swarovski crystal. Their classic tapered shape is designed for easy insertion. Rosebuds create a weighty feeling and can intensify vaginal sensation, or put pressure on the prostate.
Lab-tested to meet US and European CE safety standards, Rosebuds plugs are easy to keep clean and shining. They’re available in two compact sizes, “medium” and “large.”
Dimensions
Medium: 1.18” width; 2.95” length
Large: 1.38” width; 3.35” length
Em.Ex. by Sportsheets Active Harness Wear Silhouette Harness
The Sportsheets Silhouette Harness is a comfortable high-cut harness, with 2 bullet vibe slots for extra sensation. Perfect for long-term wear, its wicking material controls moisture. Silhouette’s fabric is soft, while the elastic waistband is durable. Interior fabric panels offer even more support.
Available in black, in 5 sizes.
See size chart below:
Em.Ex. by Sportsheets Active Harness Wear Contour Harness
The Sportsheets Contour Harness is a comfortable jock-style harness that conforms to your body. The Contour Harness includes 2 bullet vibe slots for extra sensation. Perfect for long-term wear, its wicking material controls moisture. Contour’s fabric is soft, while the elastic waistband is durable. Interior fabric panels offer even more support.
Available in red, in 5 sizes.
Night King
Not for the faint of heart, the Night King Dildo by Uberrime is a handcrafted fantasy toy that won’t leave you wanting. Inspired by the icy Game of Thrones character, the Night King features a phallic head and an incredibly detailed, textured shaft. This dildo’s long length is great for depth play or wrapped around for external stimulation.
This item includes FedEx 2-Day Air shipping to anywhere in the United States, including Alaska and Hawaii. Please note: Orders must be placed by 1 p.m. EST to receive same-day shipping.
All Uberrime Dildos are handmade, so no two toys come out exactly alike.
Dimensions: Maximum diameter: 1.7”; Total length: 9”; Usable length: 8”
Available colors: Character colors: marble of True Blue, Metallic Silver, and Nebula Blue Glitter pigments
b-Vibe Anal Training & Education Set Plug Kit with Lube Launcher & Enema
The b-Vibe Anal Training & Education Set is the most complete starter kit we’ve ever found! This all-in-one collection is the perfect way to expand your anal play horizons.
This item includes FedEx 2-Day Air shipping to anywhere in the United States, including Alaska and Hawaii. Please note: Orders must be placed by 1 p.m. EST to receive same-day shipping.
The Anal Training Set includes 3 silicone butt plugs with a classic tapered shape: (1) a small, plain silicone plug that’s ideal for the beginner; (2) a vibrating plug for extra sensation; and (3) a weighted plug for a feeling of fullness.
Other items in the collection are: (4) a lube launcher, to make sure all those hard-to-reach places are ready for exploration and play; (5) an enema bulb, for a deeper clean; (6) a convenient travel bag; and (7) an informative Complete Guide to Anal Play.
The full set is a great choice for anyone who’s looking to get into anal play or enhance what they’re doing already!
Dimensions:
Small plug: 1” width; 3.9” total length
Medium plug: 1.25” width; 5.3” total length
Large plug: 1.6” width; 5.4” total length; 180 grams (6.35 oz.) weight
SquarePegToys® Egg Plugs SuperSoft Silicone Butt Plugs, 9 Sizes
SquarePegToys® Egg Plugs are a revolution in long-term butt plug wear. These 100% platinum silicone plugs are soft and comfortable, for the best kind of stretch. Egg Plugs feature an ergonomic base that fits perfectly between the butt cheeks, while the smooth oval shape makes Egg Plugs incredibly easy to wear.
With 9 different sizes to choose from, Egg Plugs are ideal for every experience level—from anal newbie to extreme stretching enthusiast. SquarePegToys®’s trademark SuperSoft Bronze silicone is smooth, squishy, and flexible, plus safe for extended wear.
SquarePegToys® has been an industry leader in platinum-grade silicone sex toys since 1997.
Dimensions:
XS: 3.5” total length; 4.1” circumference
Small: 4.2” total length; 4.8” circumference
Medium: 4.8” total length; 5.5” circumference
Large: 5.4” total length; 6.4” circumference
L/XL: 6” total length; 7.3” circumference
XL: 6.5” total length; 8.1” circumference
2XL: 6.5” total length; 9” circumference
3XL: 7.4” total length; 10.4” circumference
Monster: 8” total length; 11.3” circumference
Pair your Egg Plug with a jar of The Butters all-natural oil-based lube for longer-lasting lubrication!
**This item is excluded from all discounts.**
Blush Novelties Exposed Nocturnal Lipstick Bullet Vibrator
The Blush Novelties Exposed Nocturnal Lipstick Vibe is a small but powerful vibe with deep vibrations. The tapered, lipstick-inspired tip allows for precise pressure just where you want it. The vibe’s size makes it ideal for travel, for partnered play, or for comfortable solo use.
Dimensions: 4” length; 0.9” diameter
Available in Dusty Rose, Cherry, Raspberry or Sugar Plum
This sensually curved beauty provides a direct connection to your favorite Spot - G or P or wherever feels so good. Crafted in njoy's trademark gleaming medical-grade stainless, with the perfect curvature so you can lay back and relax while you pleasure yourself or your partner - no more playing contortionist just to 'hit the spot'.. njoy!
This item is backordered and will not ship until 10/24
This item includes Free FedEx 2-Day Air shipping to anywhere in the United States, including Alaska and Hawaii. Please note: Orders must be placed by 1 p.m. EST to receive same-day shipping.
Kegelbell Weighted Kegel Training System
An FDA-registered device, the Kegelbell Weighted Training System is guaranteed to deliver results within weeks. Stronger pelvic floor muscles allow for better urinary control, easier postpartum recovery, more sensation during sex, and stronger orgasms.
This item includes Free FedEx 2-Day Air shipping to anywhere in the United States, including Alaska and Hawaii. Please note: Orders must be placed by 1 p.m. EST to receive same-day shipping.
The Kegelbell System includes two insertable bulbs (small and large sizes), from which the user hangs their preferred weight. The set includes weights between 30 and 250 grams, progressing upward in 30-gram increments: a total of 16 difficulty levels! Customize your training regimen to meet your individual needs, and move up in weight at your own pace.
Kegelbell recommends using your training kit for 5 minutes at a time, 3 times a week, for the first 2 weeks to begin to feel results. The kit includes a full instruction manual to help you achieve maximum Kegel strength.
Dimensions:
Small insertable bulb: 30mm/30g
Large insertable bulb: 35mm/40g
Satisfyer Luxury Haute Couture Pressure Wave Clitoral Stimulator
Style and pleasure unite in the Satisfyer Luxury Haute Couture pressure wave stimulator. This elegant air pulsation toy surrounds the clitoris with its touch-free technology—now with ultra-soft silicone, black leather, and precious metal accents!
The Haute Couture features 11 different intensity settings, so you can move from gentle stimulation to intense waves of pleasure. The ergonomic shape is designed to fit easily into your hand, while the up and down control buttons make changing the intensity level convenient.
This item includes Free FedEx 2-Day Air shipping to anywhere in the United States, including Alaska and Hawaii. Please note: Orders must be placed by 1 p.m. EST to receive same-day shipping.
Waterproof and USB rechargeable, the Satisfyer Luxury Haute Couture looks fit for any fashion magazine with its golden trim and real leather exterior. The silicone head is removable for safe, easy cleaning.
The Womanizer Classic has been updated for an overall better experience. The head is flatter and oval shaped for a more ergonomic fit. The handle also features a slight curve making the toy easier to hold during longer sessions.
This item includes Free FedEx 2-Day Air shipping to anywhere in the United States, including Alaska and Hawaii. Please note: Orders must be placed by 1 p.m. EST to receive same-day shipping.
Features:
BE A MEMBER
Pleasure Posse
Get access to our exclusive deals, rewards, workshops, and 1-on-1 advice from our sex expert.
Sign up and save!
Subscribe for 10% off your first order
& exclusive access to our deals!