Relative atomic masses are expressed with five significant figures. For elements that have no stable nuclides, the value enclosed in brackets indicates the mass number of the longest-lived isotope of the element. However four such elements (bismuth, thorium, protactinium and uranium) do have a characteristic terrestrial isotopic composition, and for these an atomic weight is tabulated (Atomic Weights of the Elements 2013, Pure Appl. Chem., Vol. 88, No. 3, (2016) 265-291)
Organization of chemical elements in alphabetical order by their names (or symbols) doesn't tell us anything about their properties but it is useful when searching for an element. We can list elements in order of increasing atomic number but it wouldn't be a periodic table any more. The periodic table is a chart that organizes the elements by increasing atomic number and their chemical and physical properties (see article History of the Periodic table of elements). Rows are arranged so that elements with similar properties fall into the same vertical columns ("groups").
The lanthanides and actinides should actually be placed in the middle of the table as well, after lanthanum and actinium, but, because of their similarity to each other, they are removed from the middle to save space.
On periodni.com you can find two version of the periodic table
Related pages: List of chemical compounds, Abbreviations and acronyms of chemical compounds, GHS - Hazard pictograms
Do you have a redox equation you don't know how to balance? Besides simply balancing the equation in question, these programs will also give you a detailed overview of the entire balancing process with your chosen method.
Related pages: Practice exercises, Divide the redox reaction into two half-reactions (New on periodni.com).
The Ilustrated Chemical glossary contains basic information about basic terms in chemistry, physical quantities, measuring units, classes of compounds and materials and important theories and laws.
A · B · C · D · E · F · G · H · I · J · K · L · M · N · O · P · Q · R · S · T · U · V · W · X · Y · Z
Do follow us global warming, cooling or pollution?
A small collection of tools which may help with designing and creating web pages.
Below are several versions of the periodic table prepared for printing on A4 paper (297×210 mm)
Is chemistry in your job description or a subject in school? Here you can find a bookmark sized 'Periodic table' with basic instructions on how to balance chemical reactions
and rules and style conventions for writing SI units and quantities shortened to a single page.
Make 3D paper models of seven basic crystal systems (A4 paper: 297×210 mm).
or print a large educational poster for your laboratory wall (A1 paper: 841×594 mm)
The chemistry images collection includes more than 300 images of laboratory glassware and apparatus, structural formulas, crystal systems, graphs, and more. You can download and use any image from my site and use it in your own work, either personal or commercial.
The Periodic Table is also available as a desktop background (wallpaper). Choose a size according to the resolution of your monitor. Image Dimensions: HD 1920×1080, 1674×1080, 1280×826, 1024×661, 800×516.
High resolution images (Image Dimensions: 3265×2160)
The new Chemistry Assistant consists of several separate programs. These programs are written in pure C without MFC (for faster execution speed and smaller size), and each program can be used separately as a portable application.
Part I. Calculator for Chemists
is a small but powerful scientific expression calculator which supports many scientific functions (sin, cos, log, power, root, memory, ...), normal and inverse. All of the calculations can be printed or saved and recalled again. (Calculator for Chemist Online Help)
is a useful tool which allows you to calculate how many solid chemicals or stock solutions you will need to prepare the desired solution. The program provides lab-ready directions on how to prepare the desired solution. (Solution Calculator Online Help)
Part III. Unit & Number Converter
is a program that will convert most popular units of length, mass, volume, temperature, pressure, energy and many others. It also includes the ability to create custom conversions for anything you want (you can create your own custom units). This simple tool allows you to convert the number from one numeral system into another (for example, from binary into decimal or Roman numeral system). (Unit & Number Converter Online Help)
English-Croatian dictionary in the StarDict format (necessary for Onyx Boox, my new e-book reader) is made through conversion of a two-column dictionary file EH.txt (by Dr. Goran Igalya) in to the StarDict format.
The Serbian->Croatian translator is a free Visual basic program for all Windows platforms that can translate texts, subtitles for movies or whole web pages from Serbian to Croatian. The most important thing in the program are the dictionary files which grow with each read (translated) book (sr2hr dictionary contains over 85 000 words).
A small collection of my old, but fully functional programs written in Visual Basic 6.0.
Citing this page:
Generalic, Eni. "Periodic Table of the Elements, Calculators, and Printable Materials." EniG. Periodic Table of the Elements. KTF-Split, 22 June 2019. Web. 26 Oct. 2019. <https://www.periodni.com/>.
Articles and tables