Hot Titles
Perma-Bound is a wonderful vendor for my library books and materials. The books are high quality and a good price. Both the company and David (Wirth) are quick to respond when there is an issue and when I request something.
Minnie Dayton | Teacher Librarian | North Cache Middle School, Richmond, UT
Our open house was unexpectedly moved up a week. I had to call both of our vendors to tell them I would need the books earlier than expected. With one vendor it was a nightmare. With Perma-Bound it was no issue whatsoever. They asked when I needed the books and had them here in a matter of days.
Heather Price | Teacher Librarian, Skyridge High School | Lehi, UT
I can tell from the care you take with packing the books to what great quality the bindings are that Perma-Bound loves books as much as any librarian! Your company is head and shoulders above your competitors.
Natalie Teske Rector | Director of the Media Center | Kaohsiung American School
I have been a customer of Perma-Bound for over 20 years. The quality of their binding workmanship far exceeds others. I can rely on them to provide our students with long lasting quality materials. Their guarantee is unconditional and they have stood behind it 100%.
Claudia Durnerin | Teacher Librarian / District Librarian, Temecula Valley USD, CA
I have been a K-12 school librarian for 40 years and highly recommend Permabound books. I originally bought them because of their durability and binding guarantee. I kept buying them because of the selection offered and the prompt customer service.
Darlene J. Forsythe | Librarian, K-12, Galeton, PA
I have been working with Perma-Bound for over 28 years and am never ceased to be amazed at their professionalism, their acumen and their passion for great kid's books! We count on Perma-Bound year after year for service, quality and expertise in supporting our books!
Mary Raymond | Educational and Library Sales Manager, Penguin Young Readers Group
Popular Authors
To order books you must first create an account:
- Login or create an account
- Click the "New List" button located at the bottom of the "My Account" screen.
- Enter a list name and click "OK"
- Perform a search and click the "Add" button located to the right of the book cover image - The title is now added to your list and ready for purchasing
Click here for detailed information on lists
Our Partners
Just a few of over 1,000 publishers we are pleased to partner with.