Your Source for Permanent Makeup Near Marion IL!
Services:
Permanent Makeup
Micropigmentation
Hair Cuts
Hair Styling
Perms
Color – Tinting – Foiling
Manicures
Pedicures
Facials
Acrylic Nails – Shellac
Full-Service Salon
Men – Women – Children Hair Cuts
Microblading
Eyebrow Tattooing
Eyeliner Tattooing
Makeup Tattooing
Tattooing
Permanent Lips
Full Lips
Eyebrow Liner
Waxing
Eyelash Extensions
Hair Extensions
Hours:
Monday:
10:00 AM – 6:00 PM
Tuesday – Friday:
9:00 AM – 6:00 PM
Saturday:
9:00 AM – 3:00 PM
Sunday:
Closed
After Hours Appointments Available
Need a solution for your thinning eyebrows? Want to save time off your morning routine? Permanent makeup could be the answer to your problems. At Mirage Salon, we offer a variety of makeup and beauty services to those in Marion, Illinois and the surrounding areas. Additionally, our locally owned and operated business takes pride in serving people from the local communities. In business for over 20 years, we’ve been qualified to offer permanent makeup for over 10 years, and have the skills and experience to ensure the complete satisfaction of our customers. Schedule your appointment, and see why people all over Marion know us for permanent makeup!
Permanent Makeup Marion IL
Those in the Marion, IL area know to call our friendly, trained staff for their permanent makeup solutions and an extensive list of other beauty services. Want fuller lips? Need to cover up those thinning eyebrows? In fact, we’re happy to accommodate all of your needs. Whether you want to save time or cover up blemishes for your own self-confidence, talk to us about a list of services that includes eyebrow tattooing, micro pigmentation, microblading, eyeliner tattooing, lip tattooing, and others. However, we also offer other great beauty services such as haircuts, hair styling, hair coloring, manicures, pedicures, facials, and more. Feel free to call with questions about our services!
Our dedicated staff takes pride in serving the people of Marion, IL and across the local communities. In fact, we make it our goal to ensure your comfort and satisfaction when you visit us. We open Monday – Saturday and hours vary; walk-ins are always welcome at our salon. Furthermore, we serve as an authorized dealer of Paul Mitchell hair products and accept cash, check, Discover, MasterCard, and Visa for our services.
Schedule your appointment, today!
Serving 62959 zip code and all surrounding areas!