Marketing
Indispensable tools; Leads, Sales and Feedback Generator for Pest Control
PestPac’s marketing tools make it easier and less time-consuming to deliver your message and move your prospects to customers. Automate repetitive tasks to save time, personalize emails that engage prospects and track all your efforts to ensure you are creating new leads and closing more sales faster.
Sales
All of Your Sales Information in One Place
From initial contact to post-sale follow-up, PestPac’s Pest Control Management software will enhance your customer experience and optimize your sales performance. Through one integrated solution, you will be able to improve your ability to handle more inquiries, reduce the time between sending an estimate or proposal, ordering and receiving services, and enable customer self-service that drives more sales for your pest control business.
Office
Management
Manage Your Pest Control Operations in One Place
PestPac pest control software makes handling mission-critical office management tasks easier and more accurate! Manage your business from one place, save hours scheduling orders while exceeding customer expectations and streamline your billing to get paid faster.
Field
Operations
Most Advanced Features in the Industry - Hands Down
Easy to use mobile applications provide all the insight your techs need to service faster, service more, and provide an exceptional customer experience. With the PestPac mobile app, techs can easily view customer history, use site diagrams to identify devices to be serviced thereby eliminating time-consuming searches, as well as complete all service forms, take payment, and print reports right from the field.
Customer
Experience
A Delightful Customer Experience
PestPac has everything you need to manage and deliver a 5-Star experience that fuels the growth for new sales. PestPac offers customer engagement tools that help you to offer and deliver on the services that set you apart from your competition, thereby creating happy customers, and a forum to share the accolades; resulting in new sales and increased customer retainment.
Reporting
Essential Pest Control Reporting
PestPac’s advanced pest control reporting tools provide you total visibility into your business; saving you time, reducing your stress, and helping to increase your sales. Automated dashboards and reports eliminate the time spent on creating reports by hand, analyze key data points and provide clear actionable insight for every aspect of your business - from sales to service to finance.