Like color-blind humans, dogs see a narrow range of colors, but their other senses are much more developed.
Learn how to choose the best fish for your 10-gallon freshwater tank setup and make smart choices when stocking your aquarium.
The Cockapoo (or Cockerpoo) is a popular cross between a Cocker Spaniel and a Poodle. Due to the breed's popularity, some unscrupulous breeders breed cockapoos for profit, including producing 'rare' blue or red merle cockapoos—a colour that does not exist in either Poodles or Cocker Spaniels.
Learn how to prepare your home aquarium to survive a cold-weather power outage. A few simple preparations and a kit of emergency supplies can keep your fish and coral alive during blackouts.
The topic of letting chickens free-range vs. keeping them in a chicken run is frequently debated. This article will list three pros and three cons of both sides to help you figure out which option is best for your animals.
Learn why your fish tank water is cloudy and what you can do about it when your pretty aquarium turns into a foggy mess.
Learn the easy way to change the water in your freshwater aquarium to avoid spilling, and ensure sure your fish stay happy and healthy!
How do you train a dog to herd when you do not have another dog for it to learn from? This is a question I struggled with after I got a new puppy specifically to help herd our goats. While I trained her, I picked up a few strategies that worked well to hone her natural herding instincts.
What animals can live in 5- and 10-gallon tanks? This article will provide some ideas for these aquarium sizes, both common and unique.
Learn about pets that have an average life expectancy of approximately no more than five years, plus some common misconceptions about them and not-so-short lived animals.
Goats make adorable pets because of their ability to form close bonds with their owners. They are fun, interesting and personable. Most goats are easy to handle and do not require a lot of feed and space. So how about having a goat pet—one like Dan Bilzerian's, the famous internet personality?
This article helps owners to prevent litter box problems in cats and answers frequently asked questions.
Gerbils are a unique and fun pet to own, but it is important to know how to properly take care of them. Here are some tips on how to take care of your gerbils.
If you’re looking into getting a ball python, this guide will explain how to properly care for your snake and what behaviors and diseases to watch out for. Feeding information, housing, and handling are covered in this article.