The PGA of America
The PGA of America is one of the world's largest sports organizations, composed of PGA Professionals who work daily to grow interest and participation in the game of golf.
Benefits of Hiring a PGA Professional
Selecting the best PGA Professional for your facility is one of the most important decisions you will make. Employers of PGA Professionals reap the rewards of unrivaled marketing and operational benefits thanks to a variety of tools, resource and cost-saving benefits.Learn More
Benefits of Membership
Grow the Game You Love
As the industry's standard bearer, PGA Professionals serve as the recognized teachers and leaders of the game and promote its growth passionately.
Expand Your Career
PGA Professionals have the opportunity to pursue a variety of exciting careers within the golf industry including golf operations, teaching and coaching and executive management.
Play Your Best
PGA Members have the opportunity to compete in numerous tournaments throughout the country on some of the best courses in the world.
Your Journey Starts Here
Whether you work in the golf business or are taking your first swings; if you are picking the game back up after some time off or have won at the highest level of competitive golf; every journey is unique and no one can take that journey alone.
Start Your Journey in Golf
Let's Get You There
Become a Leader in Golf
PGA REACH
PGA REACH is the 501(c)(3) charitable foundation of the PGA of America. The mission of PGA REACH is to positively impact the lives of youth, military, and diverse populations by enabling access to PGA Professionals, PGA Sections and the game of golf.
PGA Jr. League is the flagship youth pillar program of PGA REACH, with the goal of making the program accessible to all interested kids in the United States and around the world.
PGA HOPE (Helping Our Patriots Everywhere) is the flagship military program of PGA REACH, the charitable foundation of the PGA of America. PGA HOPE introduces golf to Veterans with disabilities to enhance their physical, mental, social and emotional well-being.
PGA WORKS Fellowship is one of the flagship programs of PGA REACH. PGA WORKS Fellowship aspires to be the most valuable entry-level employment opportunity for individuals from diverse backgrounds to garner experience in all facets of the golf industry.
Our Championships
In addition to the Ryder Cup, PGA Championship, KPMG Women's PGA Championship and KitchenAid Senior PGA Championship, the PGA of America hosts numerous member and junior championships.Learn About Championships
We will be defined by...
Our constant pursuit of excellence and innovation
We strive to protect and enhance the PGA brand, engage and support our members, develop and retain golfers, promote the game and make it more fun.
Our culture of teamwork and collaboration
Position the PGA of America and our members as leaders in golf coaching, business operations and general management.
Our commitment to diversity and inclusion
Strengthen the perception of the PGA of America and our members as the tangible connection between the game and all that play.