NHS England and Vertex break stalemate over price of CF drugs
Four years after Orkambi was approved in the European Union, this life-saving drug will now be available to Cystic Fibrosis...
Focus:
Four years after Orkambi was approved in the European Union, this life-saving drug will now be available to Cystic Fibrosis...
Join NSF’s Lynne Byers, Catherine Kay, Howard Broadbridge and Martin Krainz at the CPhI Worldwide exhibition on November 5-7, 2019.
Sensum will appear at P-MEC India 2019 at India Expo Mart Limited in Greater Noider, Delhi NCR, India on 26-28...
Our spray drying units are ideal for the formulation of particles, beads or capsules with...
Pharma Technology Focus is the essential reading material for decision-makers in the pharmaceutical industry, bringing you the latest news and analysis in an exciting, interactive format.
Sanofi, a biopharmaceutical company based in France, opened a digital biopharmaceutical manufacturing facility in Framingham, Massachusetts, US, in October 2019.
Janssen Pharmaceutical has filed a type II variation application with the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for the approval of Tremfya (guselkumab) to treat active psoriatic...
The Patient Trial and Appeal Board (PTAB) of the US Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) has changed its stance regarding an interference between ten patent...
The National Institutes of Health (NIH) and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation have committed $100m each to support the development of gene-based cures for...
Amgen has announced plans to phase out the high price version of its cholesterol drug Repatha next year and will continue to supply the 60%...
French pharmaceutical giant Sanofi has opened a digital manufacturing facility at Framingham in Massachusetts, the US for continuous production of biologics.
Go Top
Expert commentary & analysis from GlobalData
A1AD most common in those of European descent
Brexit’s Halloween fright night for pharma’s CMO industry
Cardiovascular: European Society of Cardiology tops Twitter Q3 2019
Cancer survivors are at increased risk of developing cardiovascular disease
GlobalData Report Store