Philadelphia Eagles
Philadelphia Eagles 3 - 4
Buffalo Bills 5 - 1
Eagle Eye: Tre'Davious White and the Bills will present a difficult test for the Eagles on Sunday
Eagles Game Plan: Week 8 | 2019 Season
The Game Plan crew returns to provide a comprehensive preview of the Eagles' upcoming tilt against the Buffalo Bills.
Eagles 360: Episode 40 | 2019 Season
Head coach Doug Pederson discusses Buffalo's defense, Ronald Darby's road to recovery, and more on this episode of Eagles 360, presented by Xfinity.
Press Pass: Malcolm Jenkins | October 25, 2019
S Malcolm Jenkins responds to comments made by former Eagle Orlando Scandrick.
Eagle Eye: Tre'Davious White and the Bills will present a difficult test for the Eagles on Sunday
Eagles Game Plan: Week 8 | 2019 Season
The Game Plan crew returns to provide a comprehensive preview of the Eagles' upcoming tilt against the Buffalo Bills.
Eagles 360: Episode 40 | 2019 Season
Head coach Doug Pederson discusses Buffalo's defense, Ronald Darby's road to recovery, and more on this episode of Eagles 360, presented by Xfinity.
ON THE INSIDE
LATEST VIDEOS
LATEST PODCASTS
Eagles Insider Podcast: Boston Scott’s crazy path to Philadelphia
Oct 24, 2019
In this Episode we’re heading into the locker room to get the mood of the team with S Malcolm Jenkins, head coach Doug Pederson talks about the state of the team and RB Boston Scott tells his fascinating story of going from high school band member to the NFL. Tune in NOW!
Eagles Insider Podcast: Instant Reaction after 37-10 loss at Dallas
Oct 21, 2019
It was an ugly game from the start to the finish for the Eagles, who fell to 3-4 after their second consecutive loss, this time to NFC East-rival Dallas in a prime-time disappointment on Sunday night. Tune in to hear the mood of a locker room that knows everything went wrong against the Cowboys.
Eagles Insider Podcast: It’s Beat Dallas week! Let’s go inside the battle for first place
Oct 17, 2019
In this Eagles Insider Podcast, head coach Doug Pederson discusses the state of the 3-3 Eagles, former LB Ike Reese breaks down the prime-time matchup and DT Akeem Spence gets his first taste of the life in Philadelphia. Tune in NOW for a great listen!
Journey to the Draft: The Top Skill Players With Greg Cosell
Oct 17, 2019
NFL Films Senior Producer Greg Cosell joins Fran Duffy this week on the Journey To The Draft Podcast to talk about some of the top skill players in the country and share his notes before Fran gets the latest word on the street from Insider Tony Pauline and some boots on the ground from Ben Fennell.
Eagles Insider Special Edition: NFL Crucial Catch - Intercepting Cancer
Oct 16, 2019
On this special edition of the Eagles Insider Podcast, Molly Sullivan sits down with Eagles cheerleader, Nicole Hillis, to discuss the NFL’s Crucial Catch platform, and her family’s experience intercepting cancer.
Eagles Insider Podcast: Instant reaction from 38-20 loss
Oct 13, 2019
Minnesota’s Kirk Cousins torched the Eagles’ secondary for four touchdowns, the team fell in a 24-3 hole it couldn’t escape and the result was a disappointing loss in Minneapolis on Sunday. Here is the Instant Reaction from the locker room inside U.S. Bank Stadium as the Eagles fell to 3-3 on the season in the first of a three-game road trip.
Eagles Insider Podcast: WR Mack Hollins comes back strong after missed 2018 season – his story
Oct 10, 2019
We’ve got WR Mack Hollins talking about his remarkable comeback from an injury that wiped out his 2018 season, and one-on-one interviews talking Eagles-Vikings with head coach Doug Pederson and radio analyst Mike Quick. Don’t miss this episode! Tune in NOW!
Eagles Insider Podcast: A dominating day! Eagles feast on Jets in 31-6 victory
Oct 06, 2019
Let’s go inside the locker room for the Instant Reaction following a blowout win that featured 10 QB sacks and two defensive scores. The Eagles are now 3-2 and ready for a three-game road trip starting in Minnesota. We’ve got it all for you from Lincoln Financial Field here. Tune in NOW!
Journey to the Draft: Senior Bowl Buzz With Jim Nagy
Oct 02, 2019
Fran Duffy goes inside the week’s action of college football. Jim Nagy, the Executive Director of the Senior Bowl, joins the show to break down players who have helped their stock the most after Ben Fennell breaks down the game of the week between Clemson and UNC. Tony Pauline rounds out the week with some draft buzz and Fran provides a scouting report on one of the country’s top cover corners.
Eagles Insider Podcast: Eagles win a thriller at Lambeau!!!
Sep 27, 2019
The defense stepped up at the right times and the offense had a great balance of a punishing running game and big plays in the passing game. Tune in to the Eagles Insider Podcast Instant Reaction with ALL the fun from Lambeau Field after a 34-27 win over Green Bay!
Journey to the Draft: The Biggest Matchups Around The Country
Sep 25, 2019
Fran Duffy, Ben Fennell and Tony Pauline look around the country at some of the biggest matchups to watch in Week 5 of college football, with looks at some of the top teams and players and how they'll transition to the NFL.
Eagles Insider Podcast: Inside how the Eagles take care of players, on and off the field
Sep 24, 2019
In this Eagles Insider Podcast, we discuss the care of players in and away from the game with team director of player engagement Paul Lancaster in a fascinating conversation that takes you inside the world of player development. Also, head coach Doug Pederson joins in to talk about the big challenge of Thursday night's game in Green Bay. Tune in NOW!!
Eagle Eye in the Sky: Prepping For Green Bay On A Short Week
Sep 24, 2019
Fran Duffy and Greg Cosell get together to reveal what the tape showed from the Eagles' second-straight loss to the Detroit Lions before previewing this week's matchup against the undefeated Green Bay Packers from an All-22 perspective.
Eagles Insider Podcast: Sunday Stunner as Eagles fumble and stumble in loss to Lions
Sep 22, 2019
Seven dropped passes. Two lost fumbles. A 100-yard kickoff return allowed for a TD. What happened to the Eagles in a 27-24 loss to Detroit? We go deep inside the locker room for the Instant Reaction in this Eagles Insider Podcast from Lincoln Financial Field.
Eagles Insider Podcast: A visit with the NFL’s best punter and a look at the Lions
Sep 19, 2019
Cameron Johnston, in his second NFL season and on top of his game, talks about his journey from Australia to the league, and the Voice of the Eagles Merrill Reese stops by to discuss Sunday’s huge game against Detroit. Tune in NOW!
Journey to the Draft: In The Trenches; News On Some Of The Top Linemen In College Football
Sep 18, 2019
Fran Duffy, Ben Fennell and Tony Pauline recap Week 3 and preview Week 4 of the College Football Season, with some news and analysis on some of the top offensive and defensive linemen in the country.
Eagle Eye in the Sky: Falcons Recap And Lions Preview
Sep 16, 2019
Fran Duffy and Greg Cosell sit down to review their notes on the Eagles and their tough loss on the road to the Atlanta Falcons before diving into this weekend's matchup against the Detroit Lions on Sunday at Lincoln Financial Field.
Eagles Insider Podcast: So close, and yet still heartbreaking in Atlanta
Sep 16, 2019
Injuries took their toll on the offense, but the Eagles fought and scraped and came up just short in Atlanta on Sunday night. Check out our Eagles Insider Podcast Instant Reaction after the 24-20 loss. We hear from QB Carson Wentz, TE Zach Ertz, WR Nelson Agholor, S Malcolm Jenkins and others inside the locker room. The Eagles showed resilience and character. How will they bounce back? What is the latest on the injury situation? Tune in NOW for all the answers.