Design your dream website today
for FREE!
#1 Recommended Theme by
Pre-Made Complete Demos
Blogger
Web Agency
Digital Shop
Cleaning Service
Carpenter
Smart One-Click Demo Importer
All of demos are designed by creatives, and can be imported simply by just one simple click!
Select Demo
Select Contents
Done!
The Best Visual Page Builder on Planet
Copy Paste
Quickly copy any element and paste it in a different place on the page, or in an entirely different page on your site
Undo & Redo
Make a mistake? Quickly undo it with a simple CTRL / CMD Z
Easy To Use
Every control has been meticulously selected to provide the best user experience and allow you to design at record speeds
No Coding
Reach high-end designs, without coding. The resulting page code is compact & optimized for every device and screen
30+
Exclusive Elements
A Library of Advanced Elements for Elementor
40+ Ready-to-Use Page Templates
Home Page - App
Homepage - Interior Design
Homepage - Coffee Shop
Homepage - Product
Homepage - Fitness
Homepage - Law Firm
Homepage - Restaurant
Homepage - Meal Service
Homepage - Cake Shop
Homepage - Copywriter
Live Theme Customizer
Change the theme options and see the result instantly and in real-time. Unlike many other WordPress themes, Phlox adds variety of customization options to give you the advantage of customizing any part of your website with ease.
Start Your Online Store
Start your amazing online shop with the world’s most customizable eCommerce platform.
The Most Complete Portfolio Ever
Whether you are a photographer, freelancer, illustrator, or a designer, having a great portfolio is essential to showcase your works. Phlox comes with plenty of beautiful layouts that make it quick and easy to achieve anything you want for creating an impressive portfolio.
Responsive & Mobile First
Phlox was built to be an out-of-the box responsive website solution, perfectly designed to work on any screen size. It doesn’t stop at responsive, Phlox is fine-tuned to act appropriately in many different viewing environments.
Modern Image Gallery
Your beautiful photos need a competent way to display, Phlox gives you the option of turning WordPress's built-in gallery to an eye-catching photo gallery. You have the advantage of choosing gallery layout style within two modern arrangement layouts: Grid and Masonry layout. Moreover, you can quickly add real-time pagination to the gallery on one page. Therefor, all images instantly appear on the page upon pagination.
Best Touch Slider
Highlight your posts with the exclusive touch and responsive slider in Phlox; Simply choose what posts appear and select the slider style among four different styles then attach it above the blog archive page or where ever you desire with the page builder.
Full Width Carity of Templates
Post Slider
Before After Slider
Clean and Easy to Read Typography
Undoubtedly text content is one of the most influential parts of a well-designed website. Hence, we spent many hours to form a flawless text content composition in Phlox. Just enter your content with a combination of multiple typography elements like Blockquote, Dropcap, Intro text, Highlighting, and Dividers then see the result in a perfect harmony.
Different Post Formats
Podcasts, videos, photo gallery, quotation or just a quick note; Post formats give you the option to display the blog post in various visual representation to get the suitable format for your content. The available formats are:
30+ Exclusive Widgets
Upon activation, Phlox adds several custom widgets to your website such as About Author, Contact Form, Instagram Feed, Contact Box, etc. Each widget has many options and can be customized easily by the custom CSS class name field. Furthermore, WordPress default widgets are styled carefully to appear suitable beside other widgets and contents.
Impressive Performance
Faster than tested sites
Adaptive Images
Automatically adapt your existing website images for mobile devices so that the total download time is dramatically reduced on any device.
Advanced Image Preloading
Phlox loads the images on demand as the vistor scrolls down to surf the page, resulting in faster page loading experience and higher rank in search engines.
Translated Languages
Multilingual Ready
RTL Support
Powerful Features Wrapped in Stunning Design
Subscribe and Enjoy Great News
We are constantly developing Phlox. Subscribe to our newsletter and get the latest updates in your inbox.