Phobio Selected as One of Inc.'s Most Inspiring Companies of 2018
Turn disruption
into opportunity.
Phobio makes smart software that helps leading brands elevate experience and take control of disruptive realities.
Industries from retail to telecommunications
are undergoing radical transformations.
That’s why leading brands partner with Phobio: We build flexible device trade-in and workforce communication platforms that enable action, inspire loyalty, and propel brands into the future.
Oct 22, 2019
Apple's Commitment to Protecting the Environment
Since 2015, Apple has reduced its carbon footprint by 35 percent. From utilizing facilities…Read More
Oct 08, 2019
Virtual Strategy Magazine interview with Dan Barton
Check out Virtual Strategy Magazine’s interview with Dan Barton, the CEO of Phobio’s spin-off…Read More
Oct 07, 2019
Which Device Trade-in Solution is Right for You?
It’s that time again! On September 10th, Apple announced its newest smartphone models – the…Read More
Sep 19, 2019
Improve Business Processes by Upgrading to the Latest Technology
Bring your own device (BYOD) policies have permeated nearly every industry due to the…Read More
Sep 16, 2019
How Will Customers React To 5G?
5G is the next generation of mobile broadband that aims to enhance users’ current 4G LTE…Read More
Sep 05, 2019
How Device Trade-Ins with Phobio Protect Data Privacy
In the modern workplace, nearly every employee connects to a corporate network and exchanges…Read More
Sep 05, 2019
451 Research Report features Rodio
Recently Rodio was featured in a report by the distinguished analyst Raul Castanon-Martinez…Read More
Aug 22, 2019
How to Boost Mobile Retail Sales and Disrupt the Status Quo
Retail isn’t dead, it simply needs to adapt. Keeping up with the latest retail trends is the…Read More
Aug 20, 2019
Phobio Launches Spin-Off Company Rodio
Phobio has created a second company from its product Rodio. The new startup will focus on…Read More
Aug 14, 2019
For the Second Time, Phobio Appears on the Inc. 5000
For the Second Time, Phobio Appears on the Inc. 5000, Ranking No. 2,753 With Three-Year…Read More
Aug 09, 2019
How Millennials Impact the Mobile Retail Market
When it comes to technology and mobile devices, no generation is so savvy, experienced, and…Read More
Aug 09, 2019
Keeping Pace with Workplace Trends and Technology Evolution
As millennials and Generation Z are rapidly entering and taking over the workplace, they’ve…Read More
the Phobio Platform
Phobio SafeTradeTM is the Future of Device Recapture
Phobio's omni-channel trade-in platform changes the way consumers and businesses upgrade to the latest technology.
Platform flexibility that effortlessly integrates channels, systems, and partners
Supports rapid capacity shifts at scale, while maintaining a consistent customer experience
Accelerates ROI with the most competitive and transparent device pricing in the industry
Looking for an opportunity to build great products?
We’re in need of driven people just like you.Explore Careers