PhoneBurner power dials your leads for you, leaves voicemails & emails, and helps you have up to 4x more live conversations every dialing session!Start Free Trial
No credit card required
Powerful prospecting tools help sales reps engage with more leads, in less time.
Increase outbound productivity by up to 400% - with no special equipment. Dial smarter, faster, and delay-free for more connections, and higher closing rates.
Effortlessly manage contacts, correspondence, and call campaigns. Our intuitive sales CRM blends clarity and automation to help you build a bigger, more engaged pipeline.
All the tedious tasks that matter, done for you. Drop voicemails, send and track emails, set statuses, add notes, move contacts and more – with a click.
Text messaging results in more conversations, callbacks, and opportunities. PhoneBurner makes it easy to send texts during dial sessions, or right from the contact record.
Leads are more likely to answer when they recognize the area code. Increase live answer rates by dynamically displaying local Caller IDs when you dial.
Intelligently and automatically distribute leads to your team. Highly customizable rules deliver leads to the right agents at the right time, so more of them convert to buyers.
Get self-updating live leaderboards for your team, admin reports for performance insights, and call recordings for training.
The kind of hands-on training you’d expect to pay thousands for is free with PhoneBurner. Get dedicated, one-on-one setup and support for your entire team from day 1.
Integrate PhoneBurner into your existing setup with our integrations and API.
"We have had great success in easily ramping our SDR’s up through the dialer. Scripts, automatic voicemails and emails have worked to increase our contact ratios. The customer support has been amazing…"
"This is a gamechanger! After vetting many options, we chose PhoneBurner because it was robust and the best value for the money. What I love most is that our team is raving excited about it!"
Join 1,500+ companies powering sales with PhoneBurner
How PhoneBurner helps you close more sales, with less effort.
Reach up to 80 contacts per hour. Our dialer software dials for you, instantly drops voicemails and sends emails, and streamlines workflows - for up to 4x more live conversations. We eliminate sales call drudgery so agents spend time doing what’s valuable – closing sales.
Tired of repeating your message over and over? Drop pre-recorded voicemails with one click, without waiting. No need to listen to your contact's recording before moving on to your next contact – a huge time saver!
Hear prospects say “Hello.” Unlike ire-producing auto dialers and predictive dialer solutions, PhoneBurner's TCPA-compliant phone dialer produces no awkward pauses - and no dropped calls. Make the most of every live answer.
With PhoneBurner there's nothing to install and no special equipment needed. Login to our power dialer software from wherever work takes you. And make calls from any phone or softphone.
Use our CRM or integrate with yours. PhoneBurner organizes leads, logs calls and activity, keeps detailed contact records, schedules follow-ups, and more. Get clarity over your entire sales pipeline.
Custom “disposition sets” let you assign actions to buttons for big productivity gains. A button click can drop a voicemail, send outcome-based email, move contacts to a new folder, add to a DNC list, add notes, tags, and more.
Understanding lead engagement is critical to closing deals. With our SmartSender feature you'll know when prospects open emails, click links, watch videos, and view attachments - so you can strike when the iron is hot.
Get leads to the right agents at the right time. LeadStream intelligently and automatically distributes leads using highly customizable sets of delivery rules. Fits any sales process and increases lead conversion.
Carefully track productivity and performance to hold reps accountable. Access real-time stats, historical data, and call recordings to get the insights you need. Build custom reports on the fly, or have them emailed to you.
Clients rave about PhoneBurner's ease of setup, and ease of use. Our power dialer software effortlessly scales to accommodate any size team...all with no setup fees - and no contracts.
100% free trial. No credit card needed.