Physitrack uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Privacy Policy
Please note: Physitrack has updated its privacy policy as per
Scientifically proven
Physitrack is scientifically proven to increase home exercise adherence and patient confidence.
Reference clients
Physitrack is used by 30,000+ healthcare professionals in 102 countries, including physical therapists, MDs, surgical specialists, exercise physiologists and chiropractors in public and private healthcare.
Physitrack has been a key part of Apple’s Mobility Partner Program since 2015.
Core features
Onboard, engage, educate and stay connected with your patients while collecting real-time outcomes data.
The real-world complete patient engagement platform to manage the entire patient journey is here.
Show all features
Exercise prescription & Education
Telehealth & messaging
Seamlessly integrated Telehealth for secure video consultations and live exercise demonstrations.
Secure real-time messaging to stay in touch with your patients.
Patient onboarding & Triage
Onboard and triage your patients, in your very own app, offer pre-appointment intake and extend your clinical pathways.
Modular to suit your needs.
Outcomes analysis
Deliver better, patient-centric care through real-time insight.
Boost your business through Medicare-compliant (MIPS) data gathering
Practice Management System integrations
Open your patient directly from your PMS into Physitrack and automatically copy prescribed exercise programs to your PMS. saving you time and preserving data integrity between platforms.
Universities & Research Institutions
Show all universities...
Join more than 50 leading universities from around the world and keep your faculty at the forefront of digital health technology and boost the future careers of your students with free student access
to Physitrack.
If your university is not listed above and you would like to offer your students free access to Physitrack
, please email support@physitrack.com
.
- English
- Nederlands
- English (Australia)
- English (Canada)
- English (Ireland)
- English (New Zealand)
- English (UK)
- Français
- Deutsch
- Español
English