PicDrop is the fastest way to send images to your clients. Easily upload your photos and let PicDrop do the rest. Your clients can view, rate, select, comment on your images, download each photo or get an automatically generated ZIP file. This happens in real time, is highly flexible and if needed, under your domain. Save time and money. No installation needed.
Finally one place for all: castings, previews and highres files!
Simplify your life.
Super Easy Upload
Drag files into your browser or
use our Lightroom or FTP upload
All Sizes and Formats
JPG, TIFF, PSD, PDF etc. in all sizes.
You can even upload your RAW files
Super Flexible
You control what your client will see
and do in every gallery
Easy Navigation
Every folder becomes a gallery
Notifications
Keep updated about visits, downloads, selections etc.
Your Domain
User your name in the domain
(e.g. yoursite.com/clients)
We Are Invisible
Your clients won’t even notice
they’re using PicDrop
Easy to Use
No steep learning curve
for you and your clients
Easy Transfer to Your Clients
Send a link directly via PicDrop or
use Mail, Whatsapp, Messenger etc.
Stop Searching Forever
Filter selections of your clients
in Lightroom, C1, Finder etc.
Top Previews on Every Device
Just upload your big files and
let PicDrop do the rest
Super Fast ZIP Downloads
All your pictures and selections are available as ZIPs on the fly
Your clients will love it!
Easy to Use
No learning curve for your clients
Image Selections
Select, send, download, & filter
No Installation or Registration
All your client will need is a browser
No Logins Needed
Click the link and start working
Available Forever
You alone decide how long your clients can access their galleries
Easy Color Flagging
Super easy to use, big impact
Live
Everything you and your clients do is visible instantly
Client Uploads
Your client needs to upload images? Check!
Your colleagues already do...
Super-fast image transferCedric Schanze Adventure Photographer
Fast, intuitive and beautiful - perfect for my couples!Manuel Gutjahr Wedding Photographer
I love the simple coordination with my image editor.Murat Aslan Commercial Photographer
A fast and simple solution.Timo Roth is a lifestyle photographer from Rostock.