Please consider disabling AdBlock on our siteBecause the one thing keeping our images free and our library growing is our ads. Thank you!
Show more popular stock photos »
You're missing at least 50+ extra stock photos every month if you're not in our Membership. 🤔 Join today and get super-exclusive access to our 100+ PREMIUM stock photo collections. New collections every month! 😍Start my PREMIUM Membership
Happy moment for all PREMIUM Members! New collection is up! Join today to get 50+ extra stock photos every month and exclusive access to more than 100+ photo collections made by picjumbo.
picjumbo has been cited as one of the best free stock photo sites by various popular & international online publications. All our very high-resolution stock images, backgrounds and stock photos are free of charge, with no watermark and can be used in both personal and commercial projects. All our free stock photos are shared by a community of generous photographers and travelers and we all are very happy when we can see our pictures being used on your websites, blogs, apps or billboards.
Free stock photo is a photo that can be downloaded free of charge and used in various ways, both in personal and often in commercial projects.
Free stock images from picjumbo have no watermark and all photos are free of charge. We have free stock photos for commercial use, free stock images for blogs, very high-resolution images, royalty free images free of charge and free images for websites, templates or mockups.
picjumbo is a free stock photo site created in 2013 by designer & photographer Viktor Hanacek. It all started when all of the regular stock photo sites rejected his photos for "lack of quality".
Two years later, people have downloaded more than two and half million free pictures from picjumbo! Now it’s one of the best free stock photo sites with thousands of very high-resolution free stock images.
There are a lot of categories ranging from business photos, free food photos, abstract images to nature images or technology photos. Just use Search bar in header or Categories in menu.
Most popular & best free stock photos are business photos, free photos of people, technology photos and finally free food photos or HD wallpapers.
Yes, here on picjumbo all of our published photos and images are free to download and can be used even in commercial projects (unless it’s against the law, obviously).
You don’t even have to credit the author, but it’s very appreciated. If you want, you can support the photographer directly via blue Donate/Buy me a coffee buttons.