Keep all
your digital files
in one place
Create a centralized hub for your photos, creative files, brand materials, videos, audio, etc. Make your digital content available for the whole team & minimize the risk of using incorrect files.
Streamline
workflows in
your team
Support the entire lifecycle of your media files. Improve team collaboration by exchanging comments, assigning tasks, versioning & approvals.
Increase
team
productivity
Find your digital content easily, resolve copyright issues, share large files in a matter of several clicks & get instant feedback from colleagues and customers.
Trusted by various businesses around the world
Concordia College
Interception Group
Simpleray
Recruitee
RocketBrand
Girolibero.it
Sae Institute
BRAHMIN
COBI
Adventure Flow
GLD products
Jowissa
Design plays an important role in the work we do at Recruitee and Pics.io helps us efficiently centralize, manage and share our many visual assets.
Pics.io has dramatically sped-up the process of storing, sorting, and searching our photos. The positive impact it has had on our productivity has been immeasurable. And it uses our existing Google Drive storage, so no need to manage yet another cloud storage platform.
What we really like about Pics.io is that it allows you to built everything off your Google Drive. It’s really great as we’re already paying for Google Drive to store all our files in the cloud, so it seems kind of silly to pay twice, right? With Pics.io you get the same unlimited storage for the same effective price!
It’s so easy to find and reuse images with Pics.io! Everything is kept in one place and we can tag and sort our files cross-team, and then share them with our PR team. Without Pics.io it would be impossible to keep on-top of our social media marketing.
We were searching for a service that would help us organize, manage and utilize our photos & media assets. We were spending a lot of time, sometimes hours, looking for the necessary file! Luckily, with Pics.io searchable and shareable asset organization, we are better organized and no longer have this issue.
Great system! We've been using Pics.io to store and modify our pictures here at work for some months now. The assistance is really good, fast and efficient.
It is very intuitive and brings a lot of necessary features for today's workflow. For me, the foundation with Google Drive integration was tipping the scale and I made the decision to get more into it. For somebody getting in touch for the first time with classical dam-services, it is a perfect starter with more than fair pricing and a 24/7 scaling option for all features.
Connect the tools you use every day
Keep your files in perfect order
Keep your files in perfect order
- Upload, manage & share your digital сontent without a hassle
- Organize & tag media files in a way which is convenient for you and your team
- Safeguard your digital library with user rights & access controls
- Keep related files together with the help of custom links
- Enjoy unlimited storage*
*Limited only by the size of your Google Drive.
What we really like about Pics.io is that it allows you to build everything off your Google Drive. It’s really great as we’re already paying for Google Drive to store all our files in the cloud, so it seems kind of silly to pay twice, right? With Pics.io you get the same unlimited storage for the same effective price!
Track changes in your project
1
2
Track changes in your project
- Simple & straightforward version control
- Visual comparison for images and videos
- Approve or disapprove versions
- Document all changes in your creative files
It’s so easy to find and reuse images with Pics.io! Everything is kept in one place and we can tag and sort our files cross-team, and then share them with our PR team. Without Pics.io it would be impossible to keep on-top of our social media marketing.
Find your digital files easily
Find your digital files easily
- Find what you need in no time
- Locate your PDF and AI files by content
- Filter your digital library in different ways
- Save your search results for later use
Get access to our
Smart File Organizer™
Smart File Organizer™
Learn how to organize your digital assets &
boost your productivity
Share your content without effort
Share your content without effort
- Publish & share your media files - individually or in bulk
- Showcase your work with ready-made templates
- Interactive proofing template for external collaboration
- Customize & protect your published work
Embrace your digital content
Free 14-day trial
No credit card required
Set up in 3 minutes or less