Welcome to Pinside, the absolute best web destination for all things pinball!
In only a few short days it all begins!!! The dream of building a hauntcade and having my childhood star of all stars be there right alongside us (Elvira of course) has got me more excited than ever! HORRORHOUSE FEST, an event us evil maniacs at Bloodshed Deathbath conceived 7 years ago that combines a haunted house with a pinball tournament takes place for you all to witness! With the help of our generous sponsors and volunteers we have truly created some of the > Read the full story...
October 19th, 2019
"Pinball is the perfect medium to continue mankind's fight against gravity by utilizing perfectly tuned machinery coupled with beautiful art and symmetry." Spring of 1974 My Twin and I are 10 years old. We hear Gottlieb Chimes and Williams Bells walking past a store > more...
October 19th, 2019
I've planned my career since the late '70s, in Pinball. Compulsory school, apprenticeship as a car painter, military service and I was free. 1986 in Wr. Prater, a large amusement park in the middle of Vienna. There I worked in Arcades surrounded by > more...
October 10th, 2019
When I was growing up in the mid 1970's, there was a kid named Keith who lived just up the road. His dad had a pinball machine in their house. I don't know for sure, but I think that was > more...
October 5th, 2019
Welcome to our Pinside profile! My wife, Brandi, and I reside in Manitoba Canada inside of an igloo for 6 months of the year. To pass the time we have way too many hobbies, including: Collecting Canadian stamps and coins Driving vintage North American sports > more...
September 13th, 2019
My wife and I purchased a summer home in 2008 and wanted it to be a place where we could decompress. We planned carefully as researched the location, type of home, etc. One of the things we knew we wanted was a house that > more...
August 29th, 2019
Well probably like most everyone here I remember spending countless hours (and quarters) In the pinball halls back when I was young. I really loved the games, but honestly was never quite that good at it. I had a childhood > more...
|
"The Addams Family was such a massive hit with operators, that they demanded a re-release from Williams. Williams had never done such a thing before. Williams complied, and the first run of Collector's Edition machines upon announcement (that same day), were already sold out even before production!"
Hello, all I am new to the pinball world. I bought my first machine it is in okay shape but >
Howdy! You've reached the profile page of JediTiger. I am mostly a phone gamer as life is usually too busy to squeeze >
I'm not that new here, my first Pinside account was from when the site was new but it went inactive >
Not really a hard-core pinballer, I'm slowly learning to repair and maintain them. My primary objective was completed when I got >
File this one under accidental find. A friend and I were going to take a road trip. He's a big car >
Never been big on home video games after Atari , but always loved pinball! After introducing my kid to pinball, >
Hello. I love this forum. I am a professional magician by trade. I've written several books on magic and created >
Just a quick (re)introduction: I have been into pinball all my life, but really got the bug when I bought >
My daughters boyfriend came over before leaving for college. We had BAD CATS up and purring and asked him if he had ever >
On top of being a pinball enthusiast for as long as I can remember, I'm also an established hip-hop artist in >
Okay everyone... here is the question. I wanted to add a few flasher bulbs to my 1975 EM Bally machine >
Grew up with a Williams Alpine Club where 2500 was a free game, had to get used to Eight Ball >
Great to see you're enjoying Pinside! Did you know Pinside is able to run thanks to donations from our visitors? Please donate to Pinside, support the site and get anext to your username to show for it! Donate to Pinside