Piwigo is an online image library solution, and much more. It's also a complete Digital Asset Manager (DAM).
Centralize all your digital media (photos, logos, videos, documents, etc.) in one web portal.
Organize and classify your content according to your needs, and keep it updated
Share, publish and collaborate effortlessly, in a flexible, secure way
Save time, reduce stress and increase efficiency!
Images have become a key resource in both internal and external communication. Many communication professionals use Piwigo to manage their brand image, photographic history, product catalog, and much more.
We have been using Piwigo since 2011 and we are fully satisfied with it. Piwigo really meets our needs, especially thanks to the fine management of user permissions, because we are 30 people using the tool. I also appreciate the ease of use, the quality of the support, and the fact that it is an open source product, which was for us a choice criterion.
I chose Piwigo to have a photo library shared between the 9 Icam campuses in France, India, Congo and Cameroon. Everyone can add and use files on our shared space. We can also give access to our external service providers: it saves us time and improves efficiency. The features are complete, the support is responsive and the price very competitive.
I chose Piwigo to manage our photo library and I am completely satisfied with it. Piwigo is cheaper, simpler and more powerful than our old software. A library of plugins allows a real customization of the solution. I am particularly fond of ergonomics, and I recommend Piwigo without reservation!
I don’t believe I could have found a better provider than Piwigo when my previous one suddenly collapsed. My original site went with 20,000 images. I looked at various other providers and found that Piwigo gave me editing freedom, control over who could look at my work, and the basis for rebuilding the various classes of pictures that I collect.
Piwigo is online, and can be accessed anywhere.
Create your free trial account, upload your files and start working.
No software to install, no backups to schedule, no server to configure. Just you, your organization, and your digital content, in a 100% secure web space.