Funding lined up for four industrial schemes
Liverpool City Region is to provide nearly £4m towards industrial projects in Aintree, St Helens, Wirral, and Knowsley, including grants for developers Redsun and Network Space.
Liverpool City Region is to provide nearly £4m towards industrial projects in Aintree, St Helens, Wirral, and Knowsley, including grants for developers Redsun and Network Space.
Dinosaurs on tour, city scares, and property developers turning into podcast celebrities.
The owners of The Square shopping centre have launched a lettings drive and have invited public feedback ahead of a major overhaul of the site in Sale town centre, set to include 202 apartments, restaurants, and a cinema.
An application has been submitted by Partisan Collective to transform a former synagogue on Cheetham Hill Road into a space for concerts, screenings, workshops and meetings.
The city council has signed off plans to help build a “world class” commercial business district at the heart of Liverpool in an attempt to tackle a shortfall of offices.
The property consultant has promoted Richard Murray to director from his previous role as an associate director.
Energy product and services provider Bryden Capital has purchased a 12,000 sq ft warehouse with two-storey office accommodation at Boundary Industrial Estate for £710,000.
Recently we attended and spoke at the International Healthy Streets Summit which took place in Glasgow, the first time in its five year existence that it has ventured outside of London, writes Stephen O’Malley of Civic Engineers.
The German operator has confirmed it will be opening its first hotel in Liverpool in 2021, a deal first revealed by Place North West this summer.
West Lancashire's planning committee has given the go-ahead to 190 homes in Skelmersdale, while Edge Hill University's application for a car park on Green Belt land was refused.
The council has agreed a funding deal with Homes England to bring forward the opening stages of Godley Green garden village, set to bring nearly 2,500 houses to the borough.
Capital & Centric’s Tempest building on Tithebarn Street in Liverpool is now almost fully let, with Shedkm and Planit-IE taking up two of the three remaining office spaces.
Reader’s comments