All the features you need to make a better employee schedule
Whether you have 30 workers or 300, we have the features you need to communicate with your staff, create and share an employee schedule, and get an overview of your business
See financial reports in the schedule
In the Schedule, you can see hours worked, payroll costs, revenue, the percentage of revenue paid in salaries, and how that aligns with your targets. With this feature, you can instantly see an in-depth report on your business metrics as you build your schedule.
Schedule templates
Templates let you very quickly roll out a new schedule. You can create a template based on an existing schedule, or make one from scratch in the template editor. Use the template editor to keep your schedule in draft mode until you’re ready to publish.
Manage employee availability easily
Employees can inform their manager when they prefer to work. They can also edit their availability in real-time so that it’s always up to date. This makes for happier employees and less time spent updating the schedule to accommodate requests.
Learn how businesses around the world use Planday
Slurp Ramen
Slurp Ramen is bringing new and innovative food concepts to Copenhagen! And they use Planday to keep things running smoothly.
Enoteca da Luca
This trendy London wine bar has multiple locations with different needs, but use Planday to keep everyone on track.
The Bronx Arts Ensemble
The Bronx Arts Ensemble aims to bring the arts to every corner of their community, but scheduling classes and teachers was complicated before they started using Planday.
Riddle and Finns
Riddle and Finns is a modern seafood restaurant and oyster bar. Hear how General Manager Jonathan Davis uses Planday to keep staff across two sites engaged and up to date.
Rumba Cubana
This authentic Cuban restaurant in New York wanted a staff scheduling tool that engaged employees rather than alienating them. With Planday, employees have more control over their working hours and personal time.
Gasoline Grill
One of the best burger joints in Copenhagen has been using Planday for years to manage employees across multiple locations throughout the city.
A few words from our customers
Having Planday in place means that we are able to grow quickly, efficiently and easily. By using Planday, we save money per person each month by having a detailed overview of everyone’s shifts.
Travis Fish
Bababoom Kebab
Prior to Planday, our HR manager spent about 5 hours weekly on staff scheduling, and with Planday in place he can do it in a few clicks within minutes. I also really appreciate the Punch Clock feature. The staff can simply clock in and out with their smartphone, making life easier for everyone.
Thomas Greenall
Bespoke Hotels
We’ve improved our wage control by 3%, which is massive. That 3% increase equals to annual savings of about £ 40,000
Norbert Swierad
Absurd Bird
The care home sector requires a lot of documentation. Care inspectors will come in and notice we have changed a policy. In the past, we had to print the policy out, hand it to all members of staff, have them physically come to the office and sign to confirm they read it. Now we can send it out as an attachment in Planday and have them confirm they’ve read it through the system.
Adrian Hendry
Avondale Care
I would say that Planday probably saves me about 1-2 hours per week on scheduling issues
Scott Podgor
Rosemont Health & Fitness
Once we got set up, we never looked back and couldn’t imagine running our business without it!
Carina Sodergren
Velo & Oxygen Bike Shop
Trusted by businesses worldwide
Some of the biggest names in food service, hospitality, and fitness use our platform to run their businesses more efficiently
Crits
Great app from an employee point, everything you need to know under one app
Mack
Seriously awesome app that we use at work. It's super easy to use, even more so than the website in fact!
Ryan Williamson
Over the years I’ve used many different clock in systems. From cards to codes to key fobs. All of them ok in their own right, but Planday has been the best for me so far. You can request holidays and pick up extra shifts through the app. Which is perfect for people in zero hour contract.
Bache Accra Hazara
I love this app
Not convinced yet?
With Planday, you also get these extra perks
Free 30-day trial
We want you to be completely happy with our product, which is why we give you the option to try it out before you commit to a paid plan.
Unlimited customer support
Other scheduling solutions don’t offer customer support, let alone free support. We’re here to help. Anytime.
Nothing to install
Planday is cloud-based software, which means there is no system to install. You can access everything online.
Free app
The app allows you to access your work from anywhere. It’s also how workers access Planday to clock-in, communicate, and more.
Different levels of user access
Give the most access to Admins, who can see and edit everything, but protect staff data by only letting workers see limited information.
Site setup for enterprise businesses
Large businesses are especially complex, which is why we have a team of consultants who can help set up enterprise sites.
Start making smarter employee schedules now
Give our online employee scheduling software a try with a free trial
Free 30-day trial. No credit card required.
Already a member? Login