Make games that players love
Best Fiends
by Seriously
How it works:
- Set up your playtest in less than 5 minutes.
- We let the right target audience test your game.
- Watch and listen to videos of players playing your game.
We have the players
All of our testers are gamers. Pick the kind of players you want and we will show you how they play your game.
Every type of gamer, from casual to hardcore
Target by games, genres, and demographics
Players play at home on their own devices
Players are from the US, UK, and Canada
Watch the whole experience
PlaytestCloud will capture the whole gameplay experience, turning you into a spectator with super powers.
All gameplay is video recorded
See where players touch the screen
Players think aloud while they play
Works in all stages
PlaytestCloud has products for every stage of development. From your first idea, to the weekly updates after launch, we‘ve got you covered.
Test ideas and early prototypes
Playtest iteratively during development
Understand player reactions during soft-launch
Test new features after global launch
No coding required
With PlaytestCloud you can playtest any game build, be it on iOS, Android, in the browser, or on Facebook — you don’t need to change your code. Our technology safely distributes your build and deactivates it after the playtest.
No coding required
PlaytestCloud automatically adds video recording capabilities to your game. It works with all game engines.
No UDIDs
Upload any build. No custom code-signing, provisioning, or Apple Enterprise certificate required.
Built-in security
We remotely disable all game builds after your playtest has been completed so that your in-development game stays safe.
More features
Multiplayer Testing
Test synchronous multiplayer games within a specific time window and async multiplayer games with many short sessions.
Prototype testing
Test mood boards, music, and rough prototypes. We support Marvel, Invision, proto.io and many other prototyping tools.
Player questions
Ask players questions after their playtest to get an even deeper understanding of how they perceive your game.