Do you have an engineering project we can help with?
Specialists In Powered Access Engineering
With over 20 years of experience within the Powered access industry PNK have the knowledge and expertise that you can rely on, where machine and operator down time must be kept to a minimum you can trust PNK Powered Access Engineering to deliver.
Engineering CoverInterim staff cover to help you deal with sickness, holidays, etc.
Engineering CoverInterim staff cover to help you deal with sickness, holidays, etc.
On-Site Breakdown CoverAttending your customers’ sites nationwide. Breakdowns are given priority to minimise machine and operator downtime.
On-Site Breakdown CoverAttending your customers’ sites nationwide. Breakdowns are given priority to minimise machine and operator downtime.
Out of Hours Emergency Call OutWhere required we can provide emergency breakdown assistance out of hours.
Out of Hours Emergency Call Out
Where required we can provide emergency breakdown assistance out of hours.
LOLER InspectionsEnsuring customers machines conform to Lifting Operations and Lifting Equipment Regulations. All our staff are IPAF CAP certified.
LOLER Inspections
Ensuring customers machines conform to Lifting Operations and Lifting Equipment Regulations. All our staff are IPAF CAP certified.
MEWP Refurbishment ServiceWe can offer anything from coded welding to a full nut and bolt restoration of your plant.
MEWP Refurbishment Service
We can offer anything from coded welding to a full nut and bolt restoration of your plant.
Machine ProcurementA recent addition to our services is helping our clients locate and purchase used powered-access machinery from around the globe.
Machine Procurement
A recent addition to our services is helping our clients locate and purchase used powered-access machinery from around the globe.
IPAF TrainingIt is a legal requirement to have all of your operators certified. Talk to us regarding appropriate training.
IPAF Training
It is a legal requirement to have all of your operators certified. Talk to us regarding appropriate training.
On-Site ServicingMinimise downtime by ensuring that your equipment is serviced according to the manufacturers’ specifications.
On-Site Servicing
Minimise downtime by ensuring that your equipment is serviced according to the manufacturers’ specifications.
Our Clients
Our Core Values
To be regarded as one of the best suppliers of powered access engineering services to the industry where complete transparency is needed in an ever changing environment