Found a bug on the website? Want to help with development? Or maybe you just want to find out how everything here works? Head over to the pointercrate GitHub repository!
Even our custom Geometry Dash API wrapper, GDCF, can be found there!
The entire website has been rewritten in Rust! Various minor bugs that were noticed while porting over from the old python backend were fixed and performance has greatly improved. Other than that, it's mostly an internal change, so the list of (visible) changes is rather short:
Now onto some more serious topics: As some of you might know, I took up a second undergrad course (mathmatics) in october, meaning my university schedule became much more demanding, leaving me nearly no time to work on pointercrate. Development on discord bots related to pointercrate and the Demonlist has already been taken over by GunnerBones, and with pointercrate becoming open source, I'm hoping to find more people will to work on it. In the long run, I'm probably searching for someone who wants to take over pointercrate.
Its been one year since I rented the pointercrate domain and started hosting the Demonlist! Today I'm happy to announce the official pointercrate API, which can be used to programmatically access the Demonlist. The documentation can be found here. Further minor changes include:
Pointercrate's design has been completely overhauled, to fix various issues we had with the old version:
Most of these issues arose because the old version was not designed with mobile in mind, and mobile support was 'hacked in' later. The new design uses a mobile-first approach and should be a lot more responsive.
The demonlist is managed by a large team of players lead by:
Contact these people for any list related questions/issuesTwitter: demonlistgd
Pointercrate as an entity independent from the Demonlist is administrated and moderated by the following people:
Contact these people for suggestion for pointercrate itself, bug reports or programming related questionsTwitter: stadust - pointercrate