Labour MP Ian Murray has been reselected to fight the next election, despite a bid by Unite to dump him.
Sajid Javid has cancelled plans to hold his first Budget as Chancellor next month after Boris Johnson announced he wants an election in December...
Boris Johnson's attempt to hold an election on 12 December were left hanging in the balance after opposition parties warned they could withhold...
Boris Johnson has been handed a boost after MPs backed the Government’s domestic agenda laid out in a Queen’s Speech earlier this month.
Boris Johnson has launched a dramatic bid to hold a general election on 12 December.
The Government wasted more than £2million on a “botched” age verification policy for online pornography, a minister has revealed.
Boris Johnson has called an emergency political Cabinet meeting amid fresh speculation that he wants to hold a general election before Christmas...
Stephen Barclay has confirmed there would be checks on goods travelling between Northern Ireland and Great Britain under the new Brexit deal -...
Splits within the Conservatives and Labour have erupted over calls for a general election before Christmas.
Emmanuel Macron is urging fellow European leaders to grant Britain a fresh Brexit extension of just two weeks, it has been reported.
Sajid Javid has vowed to press ahead with a Budget next month despite the ongoing deadlock in Parliament over Brexit.
We must fight plastic pollution and take responsibility for the waste we produce, starting with a fundamental shift away from all single-use food...
As a general election gets closer, Brian Cronin, Group Chief Executive of Your Housing Group urges politicians of all stripes to give serious...
Turkey's invasion of north-east Syria is a disaster for global standards on human rights - the UK must move on from the years of inconsistent and...
Ruth George MP joined industry leaders at the Mineral Products Association’s 2019 Quarries and Nature event, which focused on how the mineral...
Police conduct towards investigative journalists seeking to expose the truth of what happened at the Loughinisland massacare was heavy handed and...
Waste management companies slipping standards in the storing of waste are having horrendous consequences for local residents, writes Darren Jones...
Theresa May today channelled Aleksandr the Meerkat as she told MPs ending the uncertainty over Brexit was “simples”.
She's spent the last few months trying to convince her party to swallow her Brexit deal.
Brexit splits are not hard to find in the Labour and Conservative parties.
A Cabinet minister has given his advice on how to Lego at the end of a long-day running the country.
Not all plastics are created equal and it is important that we distinguish between high-value plastics, which can be easily and readily recycled...
The government led scheme to extend 4G coverage across rural ‘blind spots’ has been welcomed by IPSE (the Association of Independent Professionals...
The Chartered Institute of Building responds to Housing Minister Esther McVey's announcement on funds to create more homes using modern methods of...
Mixed technology approach would save £7bn compared to 100% electrification, says Liquid Gas UK.
The British Veterinary Association (BVA) has responded following the Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons’ (RCVS) announcement that it has...
IPSE (the Association of Independent Professionals and the Self-Employed) has welcomed a government announcement revealing the News Enterprise...
Alain Tolhurst brings you the latest titbits from the corridors of power
Since the summer the Liberal Democrats have picked up no fewer than seven defecting MPs. How did the defections come about, and what does their...
Chris Elmore talks to Georgina Bailey about why access to cash via Post Offices is vital for constituencies across the country
It must be maddening for those hoping to get straight answers, but Boris Johnson's modus obstandi is devastatingly effective, writes...
Comment
Ruth George MP: It is important constituents see the benefit of the quarrying industry