Streamline your collection strategy.
Request a Free Demo
Talk to our experts about new marketing strategies.
Request a Call
Reorder print. View order history. Manage invoicing. Web-2-Print. And so much more.
Learn More
Learn how Online Reputation Management can help.
Request a Demo
When you communicate with patients, consistency is key. Your practice brand should be represented in every interaction you have with your patient. It’s simple. We meet. We listen. We learn your challenges and needs. And we recommend print and digital solutions to help you reach your patients. Contact your Regional Territory Manager today.
POS creates printed communications that reflect your brand.
Creative. Brand Consistency. Marketing. Print Management.
Collect up to 25% more of patient-owed balances.
POS Messaging helps you communicate better with your patients.
POS Mail Services does the work for you.
Ask for patient feedback and increase online reviews.
Keep your practice in front of patients and referring providers all year long. Receive 20% off all calendar orders placed by October 31, 2019.
"Prior to working with POS, the aging of our accounts receivable was unacceptable. The back print and FAQ feature decreased the number of phone calls to our billing department. In the first 60 days, we collected more than $30,000 toward our receivables. I definitely recommend their statement services to any company looking to collect on their A/R and reduce their aging."
St. Louis Women’s Healthcare Group
"Prior to working with POS, the aging of our accounts receivable was unacceptable. The back print and FAQ feature decreased the number of phone calls to our billing department. In the first 60 days, we collected more than $30,000 toward our receivables. I definitely recommend their statement services to any company looking to collect on their A/R and reduce their aging."
"We have been using POS Messaging for five months and have been very pleased with the appointment reminders being sent via phone and text. We used to have one to two people spend 25-30 hours a week calling patients to remind them of their appointments. And this does not include the 130 or so inbound phone calls our staff handles with patient questions. This time savings allows our staff to work on other office projects. We will be expanding our POS Messaging services in the near future to send patients reminders of patient-owed balances too."
OB/GYN Specialists
"We have been using POS Messaging for five months and have been very pleased with the appointment reminders being sent via phone and text. We used to have one to two people spend 25-30 hours a week calling patients to remind them of their appointments. And this does not include the 130 or so inbound phone calls our staff handles with patient questions. This time savings allows our staff to work on other office projects. We will be expanding our POS Messaging services in the near future to send patients reminders of patient-owed balances too."
"POS designed a statement that decreased our phone calls by half. We mailed out 5000 statements monthly with our previous vendor and now we average about 4200 monthly. The past due and final notice strategy has helped with our A/R."
Advanced ENT & Allergy
"POS designed a statement that decreased our phone calls by half. We mailed out 5000 statements monthly with our previous vendor and now we average about 4200 monthly. The past due and final notice strategy has helped with our A/R."
POS uses customer samples in POS marketing materials. If you would prefer not to have your designs and samples used, please e-mail info@poscorp.com to opt out.
2757 Burton Ave, P.O. Box 450, Waterloo, IA 50704 | Telephone: 800.331.4976 | Fax: 800.332.9767
Non-Medical Customers
Satisfaction Guaranteed