Online research poster printing simplified
Since 1997, over 50,000 students, professors, business professionals, doctors and nurses are trusting PosterPresentations.com with their poster presentation printing needs.
Our clients choose from a selection of high quality-printing options, which include the Trifold poster boards, the Academic Supersaver, our standard Professional Paper, our top-quality Glare-Free laminate and EasyTravel foldable fabric, and our new Dry-erase laminated posters.
So whether you’re a student presenting to your class, or a doctor presenting at a conference, PosterPresentations.com has just the right product to make your presentation look professional and polished. We were the first to offer a selection of professional poster presentation templates, designed to get your creative juices flowing, save you time and help you avoid design expenses.
Providing our customers with quality poster presentation printing options is a top priority, but we’re also dedicated to affordability. Regardless of the type of printing option you select, or the size of your poster presentation, we offer competitive prices suited to fit your printing budget.
Our poster printing service process is simple. Click the “Order your poster” button, provide us with your contact and delivery information and upload your PowerPoint poster presentation. You can upload a custom design, or use one of our poster presentation templates. Then, select the type of printing option you want to use and provide us with your desired poster size. Since we’re a same day poster printing service, we get started immediately.
To ensure accuracy, our standard services include assurance proofs that show exactly what we’re printing. This gives you the chance to glance over your presentation, one last time, before it goes to production. Once you approve the proof, your poster presentation is printed and shipped!
Our same day poster printing service is fast and easy and you never have to worry about us adding rush charges to printing. Just give us your deadline, and we’ll meet it! If, by chance, a shipping issue occurs with our shipping services provider, we’ll do the ground work to make sure you get your poster presentation on-time.
Through constant feedback from our customers, and our hunger for the latest poster presentation trends and news, we bring you new poster presentation techniques first. In fact, we were the first to offer research poster printing on crease-resistant foldable fabric.
Our customers celebrate our knowledge, customer service and professionalism. We enjoy talking to our customers and answering their questions about everything from the quality of our paper to our poster printing service. Take advantage of our free phone support services.
You can contact our customer care experts at 1-866-649-3004 today to learn how PosterPresentations.com can help make your next presentation a success.