Meet the EHR that helps independent practices thrive
We make running your practice simpler and more efficient
so you can focus
on what matters most — your patients
An easy to use EHR that saves you time and makes your practice more efficient
Intuitive charting that adapts to you
Save time with smart charting that adapts to you.
Smart charting. Minimize data re-entry with shortcuts and a library of customizable templates built by providers like you.
Automatic favorite lists. Reduce the number of keystrokes and clicks in your workday by selecting from a list of frequently used orders throughout the EHR.
Code Assist. Search for diagnostic criteria using natural language terms and never memorize another code again.
Effortlessly connect to local labs, pharmacies, and imaging centers.
Help your patients get their medication faster.
Order from anywhere. Cloud-based e-prescribing lets you manage medication orders, refill requests, and pharmacy communication from any location.
Send to anywhere. Connect to most e-prescribing enabled pharmacies in the country to quickly fill medication orders electronically.
Save time. Submit common orders more efficiently with patient-specific templates and 2-click prescription refills.
Streamlined office
Simplify administrative tasks and improve billing efficiency.
Manage appointments. Reduce no-shows with automatic patient appointment reminders and speed up check-in with online intake forms.
Automatically check insurance eligibility. Verify insurance eligibility from your EHR to help you get paid for the appointments you schedule.
Go paperless. Never lose a fax again with the convenience of HIPAA compliant electronic faxing for your referrals and practice documents.
ONC certified
Electronic Health Record
HIPAA-compliant,
industry-leading security
Cloud-based EHR
access anywhere with
an internet connection
Quality Payment Program,
Meaningful Use, and CPC+ support
Get paid faster
Get paid faster with our flexible billing options.
Ready for better billing? Integrate your EHR with the industry’s most popular and affordable cloud-based billing services.
Happy with your biller? Use your current billing workflow and print, export, or securely send ICD-10 ready superbills electronically to an external biller.
Help when you need it
Tailored onboarding and person-to-person support when you need it.
Get customized implementation. You’ll be Live in Five® with personalized implementation support from our dedicated specialists. We’ll even reach out to you to see how we can help set you up for success.
Experience Phenomenal Support®. If you ever do need help, we offer award-winning customer service from a team whose core purpose is dedicated to supporting your practice.
Enhance patient care
Identify at-risk patients and reduce gaps in care.
Identify gaps in care. Automatically track multiple indicators and diagnoses to surface patients who may be at risk.
Receive Clinical Decision Support. Opt in to receive notifications during the patient visit that help identify potential care gaps.
Access Performance dashboards. Measure outcomes and track patient progress across quality reporting programs.
One platform, always connected
Order from the most connected EHR in healthcare.
Connect to your labs. Electronically track order fulfillment and receive structured results with highlighted abnormal values.
Connect to your imaging centers. Order imaging tests directly from a patient’s chart and instantly share results with patients.
"I love everything about Practice Fusion, it's easy and my staff loves it. There are no headaches and we fall in love with it every time we log on."
— Practice Fusion Provider
"SOAP format works great. Daily progress notes are a breeze with template notes. Saves tons of time… I love it."
— Practice Fusion Provider
"Practice Fusion’s e-prescribing is intuitive and robust. A medical office can start using Practice Fusion in just five minutes, and it only takes one minute to begin e-prescribing once it’s activated."
— Practice Fusion Provider
"The superiority of web based EHR’s can’t be underestimated… it eliminates the need to have separate servers, back up systems, installation of application updates, and significantly reduces the need for IT support."
— Practice Fusion Provider
Your practice. Our purpose.
We're passionate about empowering your practice to thrive with an EHR that will satisfy your needs cost-effectively for years to come.