For the new year, plan ahead! Consult the Arcanes of the Tarots of Predictpod! This will be a year full of surprises! Some will find love, some money and others will be kissed by luck…and you? What 2019 will bring you is already written in the stars. Discover what is on the cards and get your news in advance!
Do you prefer a kiss to wine? Why choose when you can have both? Dreaming about a special moment with your loved one? Check every day our astrologers' tips: your Daily Love Horoscopes prepared by our Astrologers to help you improve your love life, is ready for you!
According to Pythagoras, a philosopher and mathematician, reality is mathematics; i.e. order is caused by chaos through numbers. Numerologists claim that everything can lead to numbers and those numbers have specific meanings.
Is your love affair really as you'd dreamed? Is this true love or just a fling? Don't wonder anymore! Read our sections dedicated to Couple's Love Horoscope and discover all the secrets of love! When you are overcome with doubts, turn to Predictpod: it's here for you!
Discover what is on the cards for you thanks to your Weekly Tarot Reading. Using the Major Arcana of Marseilles, every week Predictpod prepares the Prophecy for each Sign of the Zodiac! This week don't miss yours!
Every sign of the Zodiac influences your character and personality, but the Ascendant highlights some characteristic and conditions your way of being. What is your Ascendant? How does it influence you? Discover it now in our section and calculate your Ascendant!
Explore the possibilities of mutual understanding of your Sun Sign and the one of your loved one! Try the Sign Compatibility of Predictpod, you could be surprised!
Find out what makes you get along or distances you from the other signs of the Zodiac, calculate your Love Compatibility
You are happy, even when single, but has the time come for you to experience the giddy heights of coupledom? Are you single through choice… but not your choice? Discover immediately how to turn one into two…try to trust in Singles Love horoscopes! Finding your soul mate has never been easier!
Every sign of the Zodiac is gifted with different characteristics which set it apart from the others. The 12 signs are all different and particular and are simply waiting to be discovered! Enter the section dedicated to the 12 Signs of the Zodiac: you will learn everything there is to know about the 12 Signs of the Zodiac!
We, Predictpod, strive to give you the best possible horoscopes in various forms. Astrology can sometimes be confusing, we simplify it for you and provide you the horoscope without you having to deal with the complex astrological interpretations!
With our Horoscope of the Day email service, you receive your daily horoscope at no cost! All you have to do is register. In addition we also offer a wide variety of other themed horoscopes for your personal needs such as work, love, compatibility of couples, health and the horoscopes of the month & year.
We can help you find your Ascendant and your Lucky Numbers, other than this we also offer free tarot reading. Browse our pages today and discover how astrology and horoscopes can change your life.
A dress or jeans? Tonight or tomorrow, will it be her or him? Do you want to know what will happen tonight? Predictpod gives you your nightly horoscope in advance for every sign of the Zodiac. Follow our Chic Astrology advice and you will be the protagonist! Is tonight your night? Read our Horoscope for Tonight!Horoscope for Tonight
One thousand tricks to work without ever getting tired! Get your daily Career Horoscope with all the tips of the Astrologers! Trust in Career Horoscopes and stress won't be a problem thanks to the advice of Predictpod!Career Horoscopes
Leo is the sign of the month. Everything about love, work and health of this sign.Sign of the Month