This is the Cookie Policy for Preferred411.com
What Are Cookies
As is common practice with most websites, this site uses cookies. Cookies are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer to improve user experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use cookies, and why we need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored, however this will 'break' certain elements of the site's functionality.
For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on "HTTP Cookies".
How We Use Cookies
We use cookies for reasons detailed below. Unfortunately, there are no options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you do not disable cookies or you will lose significant functionality on this site.
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will negatively affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
The Cookies We Set
Login Related Cookies
We use cookies when you are logged in to your account so the site remembers that you are "logged in". This prevents you from having to log in every single time you visit a new page. These cookies are typically removed or cleared when you log out to ensure that you can only access restricted features and areas when logged in.
Account Related Cookies
If you have an account with us, we will use cookies for the management of the signup process and general administration. Most of these cookies will be deleted when you log out but some may remain to remember your site preferences when you log back in.
More Information
Tracking Cookies
We DO NOT use "tracking" cookies. Tracking cookies are typically used for marketing purposes and can pick up your online activity as you move from site to site. We DO NOT use this type of cookie on Preferred411.
If you disable cookies the site will not function properly for you.
If you would like additional information you can contact us by visiting this link: P411 Contact Us