I go to a non-target school, and my school doesn't have a consulting club where I can practice cases. Preplounge made consulting available for me. It's still hard as heck but hey, with all the case partners in the world and fit/behavioral with sample PST tests to boot, at least I have a shot. Preplounge is great. My tip? Check out the Q&A section. The expert answers there are invaluable.
Join the world's leading case interview community
And get access to 206,000+ case partners, 140+ cases, 80+ video tutorials, 50+ framework articles, CV templates, mental math tools and much more
I would say that the candidate does not need to understand a lot of business concepts in depth to succeed, but understanding this concepts will enrich your speech and make you more confident about what you are saying, so I would recommend doing this, at least for the most frequent concepts in business cases. Nevertheless, since it won't give you an offer in my opinion, the candidate needs to put the most effort in the next step, the practical business cases sessions, and at this point I can't see a better tool to use than Preplounge. It will definitely provide you with the inner skills that the candidate needs to succeed in case interviews.
My consulting process took a little longer than ideal (4 years), but they stuck with me throughout. The coaches are very helpful (shoutout to Fernando!) and over the years I went through around 200 practice cases with people from a huge range of backgrounds, based out of 5 continents. Definitely recommend to anyone starting the process of pursuing consulting.
Thanks to PrepLounge I received a fulltime offer at the consulting firm of my dreams! The platform provided me not only with the relevant materials, but also with a wide range of competent case partners to practise with. To give my preparation further polish, I joined the P4S program. All of the coaches were really supportive and helpful. While it's not impossible to receive an offer without the coaches, they can really fine-tune your performance and save you i) time and ii) failures. Considering the opportunity cost, I found the program worth every penny and would book it again with no doubt. Also the talent managers are doing a fantastic job in making the whole program run very smoothly. Thanks PrepLounge!
I can say with 100% conviction that I would not have even passed Round 1 let alone get an offer from BCG without PrepLounge. As this is my 2nd time applying to Consulting, I know for sure that I was not prepared the first time and real-life practice and help from experts is the only reason I did well this time. While some people think that over-practising can make your analytical abilities go stale, I would argue that there is no such thing as too much practise and there are always mistakes and areas of improvement that you can address with each extra 45 minutes of a case interview. I would recommend using PrepLounge to anyone who is serious about getting a job in Consulting. Practise makes perfect!!
Besides the preparation with other users and on my own by means of the provided extensive material on PrepLounge I participated in the Prep4Success Program. I felt that this addition has been very helpful. The talent managers have been easily reachable and assisted me in any matter.
The recommended experts could ideally coach me. Gregor provided a great case and gave feedback to me right away during the session. I felt that this has been extraordinary advantageous. Gregor takes lots of of time and impresses with detailed and precise feedback as well as with his pleasant conversation style.
Also Martin structured the session very well. Besides he shows an engaging coaching approach and also takes a little bit extra time.
Eventually I will soon start my new job at Bain & Company.
Dear all, preplounge has been my most important tool for my interview preparations. Thanks to my extensive preparations on preplounge and approximately 70 meetings, I achieved to receive offers from McKinsey&Company, Bain&Company, Roland Berger and Monitor Deloitte. In my opinion, there is no substitute to practicing actual interviews with peers. Books can only give you theoretical background knowledge that might be useful. Cheers, Florian
Thanks to PrepLounge I landed job offers from both McKinsey and BCG. Before I was introduced to PrepLounge I read 2 Case Books in order to understand the interview and selection process better. But just with the help of PrepLounge I was able to transfer the theory into practise by doing live case interviews with different case partners and watching PrepLounge videos. What helped me most was the Prep4Success coaching program. Due to the individual feedback of the expert I was able to work on precise weaknesses and I gained confidence with every practise interview I did.
I got into Mckinsey and will be starting soon.
I'm sending this email to thank you and underline how good your platform is.
I really made it thanks to Preplounge and I mean it. Coming from an IB background I did not know what cases were about and how to start. YouTube videos, being the interviewer and then doing back to backs with people all around the world was the best preparation I could possibly have.
Thanks.
I am glad to write you my story. I have started studying for case interviews in June during my last year of MSc and I have read the 3 best-known books for cases preparation. By the way books are not enough to crack a case, so I failed my first interview with a MBB even though I have practiced with a couple of friends. Using PrepLounge I have had the opportunity not only to refine my frameworks but also to apply them in tough cases, gaining insights from valuable candidates and skilled trainers.
Conclusion: I got 4 offers and I chose Bain. Thank you for the support!
Thanks PrepLounge for supporting a board to find interview practice partners and valuable cases! I finally got an offer at one of the top firms and I recommend everybody to use PrepLounge extremely intensive.
And do not forget: There is also a personal fit part next to the cases that needs a lot of preparation. Therefore, the PrepLounge advice on personal fit interview helped me a lot.
I've received an offer from a MBB in Canada after a short, intensive and ultimately successful prep session with PrepLounge.
After going through some theoretical material on my own, I knew I needed live case cracking sessions but didn't have the partners to practice with... PrepLounge gave me access to a fantastic network of qualified candidates that helped me get interview ready in a matter of weeks and land an offer. Case partners not only fined tuned my case cracking skills but also shared their interview experience and tips. Some had already passed first rounds at the same firm I would be interviewing with! Couldn't have made it without PrepLounge!
Our recipe for success:
experienced case coaches
hours exclusive video tutorials
cases with detailed solutions for interactive or self-practice
different nationalities of candidates
likeminded candidates to practice interactive cases with
years of concentrated experience in interview preparation
„PrepLounge is the most comprehensive case interview prep out there!”
4,810+ questions about starting a career in consulting answered by our experts
I have to say that I found your experiences very interesting. In general, any experience can be successfully brought up during an interview as long as it as a learning side. In both of your examples I see many hints: Team-working, Analytical skills, Creativity, Sense of adventure and curiosity. These are all ...
First off, huge congratulations on your upcoming interview! To answer your question directly: accuracy trumps speed: I've never said “no” to a candidate who ticked off all other boxes, but was slow with maths. But I have said no to a candidate who had a great case but made so many mistakes with planning and …
That is correct, the traditional track at McKinsey from bottom to top is Analyst > Associate > Engagement Manager > Associate Partner > Partner. Moving from one position to the next normally takes 1 to 3 years. Each one of the previous role develops from Junior to Senior (e.g. from Junior analyst to Senior analyst). Many …
Guennael and Sidi both raise great points, but there's an observation to be had in the way that they presented these points. Both of them segmented their responses into 3-4 key items. Think about doing this in your verbal communications! That means: 1. Pause before speaking to gather your thoughts. The ...
Hi, Good question! I have worked for 5+ years as Project Leader at BCG. My advice would be: #1. Gain trust quickly. When you start, the most important thing is to gain people’s trust. No one expects miracles from you. Just do the basics right. Work hard, be focused, read your stuff twice...
I can't share any cover letter, but can surely help with the structure. An excellent cover letter for consulting roles should include the following: 1) Intro (name, current role in the current company, which role you are applying for and which company) - no more than 2 lines. 2) Why I want to be a consultant (this could …
I have known several people who joined BCG Paris after having work for a few years in other consulting firms (either top 20 or boutique/specialized). Evaluation criteria during cases interviews will remain roughly the same. Of course they will expect more maturity. They also keep track of previous interviews so they will …
I will try to give you a small checklist, but there could be numeruous reasons why your CV did not make the cut, and we can only guess. 1) Make sure you are well rounded (GPA, schools, extracuriculars, sport) BUT you need to have a SPIKE - you need to stand out, especially for MBB 2) CV - 1 page per decade of...
Thanks for reaching out. According to my personal experience and the feedback I had from other interviewers in MBB/non MBB, the difference between interviewer and interviewee led is as follows: In an interviewee-led case, you will have to get the lead (ask the right question, go deeper in your analysis and make an ...
The last part of the interview is often used by interviewers to confirm the impression they got over the first part of the interview, which means: Situation A: They trust in your abilities and are likely to vote for you during the discussion round following the round of interviews - they expect you to show genuine …
It depends very much on the industry. In some cases (Growth strategy), I will use a broad structure, in others (e.g. “how to increase the excessive luggage revenues for an Airline”), I will use P, Q and the Process. Here is the broad structure that you can adapt to your industry: Analyze the market. 1) Size and ...
As mentioned earlier, there are many different ways one can approach this problem. I typically approach this following way: 1) What is the total demand for gas stations? 2) What is the demand for one gas station? 3) Find the total number of gas stations. To start with number 1, while I have no idea about the real ...
Working hours depend on the geography. In Dubai, Singapore and Southern Europe hours are usually longer (my experience in Italy was 9am-11pm Mon-Thu, 9am-8pm Fri and 70-80% of weekends with some working activities). Hours also depend on the type of project (on average, the shorter the …
I started my consulting career at BCG in Germany, got promoted to Senior Consultant, and later switched to McKinsey to do work in several emerging markets. I have a combined 7.5 years experience in both firms and hence can give a good comparison from the inside: 1. Reputation & (perceived) ...
I was an experienced hire as well, so can definitely relate. The hardest part for your will likely be to get an interview. McK is probably most open, assuming you have a specific expertise set that they need; BCG does also hire some experienced hires but that's rare; as for Bain... to my knowledge, they pretty much don't …
Great to see you guys leveraging this platform (apart from your b-school consulting clubs) to find partners and crack cases. While you get into the intense prep, do take care of the following: 1. Get your basics/knowledge base right. Core subjects in grad school/MBA need to be thoroughly understood...
A few remarks on this from my point of view (there is no wrong or right here). 1) Comparing the client/target with competitors should not fall under market. The only competition related issue that should be looked at in market is competitive intensity, i.e. how strong is competition between the different players. 2) …
In my view you can answer the question from two angles. The first angle is about working hours. Here I fully agree with Vlad, the key points would be about 1) Capability and willingness to work long-hours 2) Ability to stay steady and focused for long time and motivate team to do the …
This is definitely an underrated (but important) skill to develop when working on cases. Usually, the people I've worked with have adopted the same format you currently have with some minor tweaks: 1. Position of paper is horizontal (adds more space for the issue tree going from left to right) ...
You often hear in conversations about structuing case interviews that you should not use standard business frameworks and concepts because they are too simple, and because every interviewer knows them anyway. It is most definitely true that you can't crack a realistic interview case...
These and many more top ranked universities around the world collaborate with PrepLounge
PrepLounge.com - The Consulting Community
You want to become a management consultant at one of the world’s most prestigious consultancies (e.g. McKinsey, BCG or Bain)? Then you’ve come to the right place to prepare for your consulting interview and land your dream job!
PrepLounge is a community that connects aspiring consultants around the world for case interview practice. The platform provides candidates with interactive content and coaching programs that significantly increase job-offer rates into consulting.
If you have specific questions or you simply want to share your knowledge to help others reach their goals, you can also browse the consulting Q&A. This is a place where consulting questions are asked, answered and archived for future generations of consultants.
Prepare for your dream job in consulting
Each year, more than 700,000 students apply globally for an internship or full-time position in a consulting firm – with offer rates well below 10%. Hence, competition for an offer from a top-tier consultancy is fierce and candidates are willed to prepare extensively for the interview sessions. PrepLounge offers a variety of options to help you get your case interview prep up to speed:
- Partner up with peers and experts to practice case interviews on a global basis
- Send requests for case partners and find other aspiring consultants in the same location or with similar target firms
When it comes to your application, PrepLounge has got you covered with free consulting CV templates. These tips will also help you create a well-rounded application and give you an edge in the recruiting process.
Benefit from our Expert Coaching Programs
You're looking for a more intensive and professional preparation for your consulting job interview? Our case coaching program is just the thing you need. You'll get the chance to practice cases in five sessions with experts i.e. (former) consultants from the top firms:
- Get a personalized preparation plan with our Prep4Success program
Use additional resources to prepare for your interview
In order to reach your full-potential during the real interview, you'll need to prepare in many different areas. At PrepLounge, you’ll gain access to the biggest collection of materials and resources on real case interviews:
- A vast collection of cases in the case library
- Lessons and frameworks in the bootcamp
- Mental math tool to improve your mental arithmetic
- Combine creativity and logic to solve the most riveting consulting brain teasers
Sign up now for free and try the unique features PrepLounge has to offer. In case you got interested in upgrading your user status, check out the pricing.