The Instant Pot Duo Evo Plus is the latest and greatest in the Instant Pot line of pressure cookers. They’ve taken everything you love about the classic Instant Pot Duo, made some design improvements, and added several new features that I think you’ll love!
The moment we heard about the Instant Pot Duo Evo Plus, Barbara and I knew we had to get our hands on it. The product design team took feedback from actual users and redesigned the Duo based around the users’ needs!
Since Mom was out of town, I bought one and brought it home to test it out. And I liked it so much that I didn’t want to share it when she got back in town!
Here’s everything you need to know about the new Instant Pot Duo Evo Plus! Plus, one lucky Pressure Cooking Today reader will win a new Instant Pot Duo Evo Plus!
🛑 Read all about the Evo, then scroll to the bottom of the post to enter by Sunday, October 27th, for your chance to win! 🛑
Pressure Cooker / Instant Pot Butter Chicken
October 12, 2019
Pressure Cooker / Instant Pot Butter Chicken is a classic Indian restaurant favorite that is easy to make at home. You'll love the combination of tender chicken thighs and a creamy, buttery tomato sauce. There's...
Pressure Cooker Pumpkin Spice Steel Cut Oats
October 5, 2019
Instant Pot / Pressure Cooker Pumpkin Spice Steel Cut Oats are a hearty, fiber-filled breakfast made with pumpkin and warm fall spices. It's even better topped with my sweet, buttery pecan pie granola.My...
Beef and Bean Pressure Cooker / Instant Pot Chili
September 29, 2019
This easy Pressure Cooker / Instant Pot Beef and Bean Chili is a thick, hearty chili that’s packed with beans, meat, and tomatoes. It’s sure to be a big hit at your next chili...
Pressure Cooker / Instant Pot Chicken Tacos
September 21, 2019
It's great to have taco meat in the freezer waiting to be used for a quick lunch or easy dinner. Since I was making the filling for Chicken Emapanadas, I decided to triple the...
Quick Instant Pot Dinners for Busy Nights
September 14, 2019
Short on time? Choose one of these 25+ Quick Instant Pot Dinners and get a flavorful, home-cooked meal on the table in under 30 minutes. Life seems to speed up in the fall! Whether you're...
Pressure Cooker / Instant Pot Pumpkin Spice Baked French Toast
September 7, 2019
Enjoy the perfect breakfast for those cool, crisp Fall mornings with this easy-to-make Pressure Cooker / Instant Pot Pumpkin Spice Baked French Toast. There's just something about September—even though it's still 90 degrees...