Find Your Dream School
No matter the exam, score improvement is guaranteed.*
Thousands of college profiles, our college rankings, and expert advice from top counselors
Find My Test Prep
Find My College
We guarantee that you will get a higher test score,
or get your money back!*
With us, score improvement is guaranteed.
I received lots of resources and great help from the instructors. I am still in touch with one of my instructors and he has been very helpful resource for me both in the application process and in med school.
My instructor was awesome and always willing to help me even outside of class times.
With clear structure and effective instructors, I was able to stay on track and perform well on the actual exam. All my instructors were knowledgeable, compassionate, and very, very helpful. Thanks for a great program!
Leah was fantastic. She perfectly pinpointed which areas my son could gain as many points as possible. The practice tests, tutoring, and scheduled study worked wonderfully. Leah is fabulous at working with teens and motivating them. She is also so incredibly knowledgeable about the test itself.
Erin has tutored both of my sons now and has done an outstanding job. She assessed where they needed to improve, made plans, and then taught them approaches and techniques that worked based on significantly better scores. I hope Erin is still doing this when time for my two girls to take their tests.
I received lots of resources and great help from the instructors. I am still in touch with one of my instructors and he has been very helpful resource for me both in the application process and in med school.
My instructor was awesome and always willing to help me even outside of class times.
Do Your Research
Explore thousands of school profiles, see what it takes to get in and read what current students say about their campus experience.
See the 2020 College Rankings
Our rankings cover everything from food to financial aid. Find out if your dream college is one of the best in the nation.
The Best Value Colleges
See the 200 schools with exceptional ROI for your tuition investment.
Have a question?
Our normal business hours are Mon-Fri 8AM-11PM EST and Sat-Sun 9AM-8PM EST.
Please schedule a time to speak with a Princeton Review Enrollment Advisor.
Have a question?
Our normal business hours are Mon-Fri 8AM-11PM EST and Sat-Sun 9AM-8PM EST.
Please schedule a time to speak with a Princeton Review Enrollment Advisor.
Talk to an Advisor
Hours
Phone: Mon-Fri 9AM-10PM ET
Sat-Sun 9AM-8PM ET
Local Offices: Mon-Fri 9AM-6PM
About
Register Book
College
Academic Subjects
Find the Right College
Institutional Partnerships
©2019 TPR Education IP Holdings, LLC. All Rights Reserved. The Princeton Review is not affiliated with Princeton University