What is a forum/message board?
An internet forum, or message board, is an online discussion website where you and your visitors can hold conversations in the form of posted messages. These messages can then be viewed at any future time, even if you were not online when they were posted. Forums are a great way to foster interaction, discussion, and improve customer loyalty.
Why choose ProBoards?
While other free message board hosts may claim to be the biggest, they aren't. ProBoards is home to over 22 million registered users with over 3 million forums created. Easy to create, simple to use, reliable free forum hosting is what we're best at. In fact we were voted Best Hosted Forum 2011!
How do I create a forum?
Creating a free forum on ProBoards is quick and easy. Just head over to our Create a Free Forum
page to begin - it literally takes less than 30 seconds to have your forum up and running! Remember, once your new forum is created, your login username is "admin".
Do I need a forum?
Of course you do! Whether you're a sports fan, hobby enthusiast, music buff, computer geek, animal lover, gardening fanatic or business owner, there's no better venue to exchange ideas and stimulate the free flow of collaborative discussion between like-minded individuals than an online forum. Besides, it's FREE! Make a forum
today!
Why should I remotely host?
There are many advantages to using ProBoards' free forum hosting service. There's never any software to buy, license, download, install, integrate, update or debug. We're on the job 24/7 maintaining a completely reliable and secure environment for your forum. You'll enjoy a robust and powerful feature set to manage your community. There are no limits to how many members, topics, or posts your forum has. Last, but not least, we provide you continuous free upgrades to our forum software.
Move my existing forum to ProBoards
If you switch your existing forum to ProBoards, we can offer you some relocation incentives
. If you wish to import your existing forum data, check out Forums.net
which offers a data migration service.