Reach the Right Readers
There are fans for every story. Find yours with Prolific Works.
Accelerate Your Great Stories and Big Ideas
Engage with current fans and reach new readers with Prolific Works giveaways.
We help connect you to the right readers so you can focus on writing.
You Share and We Share
The more sharing you do, the more connections we make
Upload your sneak peeks, previews, bonus content, full-length ebooks, and more.
The more you share with readers, the more connections we make for you and other authors.
Readers can find you through our recommendation engine, newsletter features, and social media accounts.
Why You Share
Reach New Readers
Generate hype by distributing your first-in-series or exclusive previews.
Reward Your Fans
Engage with long-time fans by sending them short stories and other bonus content.
Obtain Reviews and Feedback
Share Advance Reader Copies and Beta copies to give readers advance access.
What Authors Say
As an author marketing manager, it's important for me to get the best service and the greatest exposure for my clients and Prolific Works delivers on both counts! As always with Prolific Works you get the feeling that you’re part of a family. They have a team approach to their business and genuinely try to help and support authors.
Once I started using Prolific Works to reach a wide variety of readers, my newsletter became my core focus. It enabled me to cater to readers who were interested in me and my novels. I was finally able to stop waving my hands around in the dark, hoping to find something that worked. Now, with my newsletter list established, I’m able to focus on my writing and bringing more books to readers I’ve found on Prolific Works.
Prolific Works has proved invaluable for connecting with engaged readers, growing newsletters, and building a supportive author community. The group giveaways, in particular, have been very potent, helping me reach new readers and build strong connections with fellow authors. All of this, combined with the team's constant efforts to expand and improve, makes Prolific Works an important promotional tool.