Since 2001, Property Turkey has helped clients from all over the world buy Turkish properties in all regions of Turkey. From lifestyle buyers wishing to buy a property in Turkey for sale, to discerning investors seeking to buy property in Turkey, our range of luxury villas, sea view penthouse apartments and unique hotels for sale ensure a range of lifestyle and investment opportunities to suit any requirement.
Recommended Turkish Properties 26 October 2019
Overlooking the Princess Islands of Istanbul, these spacious luxury apartments are 5 minutes drive from Istanbul's most desirable Bagdat Avenue. Located in Kartal seaside, the apartments come tenanted and with 6% rental income assured. Pre-approved for citizenship by investment in Turkey.
Built to exceptional standards and designed by a renowned architect, these properties are located in the best spot of Yalikavak and overlook the marina with stunning panoramic views stretching for as far as the eye can see.
Built on an elevated spot with distant views of the Blue Lagoon, this is a stunning property in Turkey's most popular summer resort Fethiye Ovacik. The villa offers 4 master bedrooms, 4 bathrooms, generous land size and a large private pool. Design is modern with ample terraces and balconies to enjoy stunning nature all around.
Excellent apartment just moments away from the beach and Calis promenade – this three bedroom residence is listed at a great price and features an abundance of rental potential for those looking to combine their purchase with investment.
Located in the centre of Istanbul in the prestigious area of Maslak, these spacious properties are situated just opposite Vadi Istanbul, the finest shopping mall in the entire city and are available in sizes ranging up to four bedrooms.
With only 13 houses in total, this project is likely to sell out sooner rather than later – call or contact us today for details about these Yalikavak villas located in a superb private estate with sea view swimming pools and gardens.
Offering an extensive range of on-site social and communal facilities, this outstanding project offers apartments for sale from one – four bedrooms in a residential area of Beylikduzu and is perfect for lifestyle buyers as well as investors.
Right at the seafront with access to a private beach measuring 20,000m2, these luxury designer apartments are found in Kadikalesi and are suitable for year round living within one of the most sought after developments in Bodrum.
Designed and built to luxury standards, this private detached villa is located in a residential area of Belek just 20 minutes from Antalya Airport and within close proximity to golf courses, restaurants, and daily local amenities.
Charm Blue - Located directly at the seafront, these luxury apartments are for sale in Zeytinburnu area of Istanbul close to public transport for commuting and forming part of a 5-star complex fully equipped with social areas and on-site facilities.
Completely furnished as seen and ready to move in immediately, this designer property is located in the Ortaalan area of Kalkan and is just a short walk away from the town centre full of life and things to do daily.
Sea view villa located in the rural area of Egerce in Bursa, perfect for use as a quality summer home for all the family, or as a property to escape to and enjoy the on-site swimming pool, landscaped gardens, and much more.
Located in the historical heart of Istanbul, these Besiktas apartments overlook a green park with peaceful views and are available from two – three bedrooms in size. This is an excellent opportunity to relocate the family to the centre of the city.
Why choose Property Turkey?
-
Since 2001
With 15 years experience in Turkish real estate, we are the market leaders in sourcing property for sale in Turkey for lifestyle and investment buyers.
-
Widest Portfolio
We have the widest range of properties in Turkey for sale on the web with over 3,000 homes available to buy in most desirable regions of the country.
-
Multinational
Headquartered in London, UK and with regional offices all across Turkey, we connect with you in 7 languages and have a Turkish property for sale to suit all budgets and family needs.
-
Best prices & terms
We are industry leaders with a network of connections and longstanding relationships with developers guaranteeing the best prices & terms.
-
Tried and Trusted
Join more than 1,000 clients across the world who have successfully purchased homes for sale in Turkey with us since 2001.
What You Say About Us
I appreciate the professionalism and courtesy throughout
Mr U. Saed recently purchased an apartment in Bomonti with Property Turkey. Intending to apply for Turkish Citizenship by means of buying real estate, Mr. Saed left us some kind words in his experience with us: “I appreciate the professionalism and the courtesy extended
I was very lucky to find Property Turkey
Nick Jeffrey purchased land in Fethiye and built a seafront villa with private jetty thanks to Property Turkey's design & build your own home service. We caught up with Nick for a look at the finished property and to find out why Sovalye Island is one of the most exclusi
It was a pleasure to meet all the team
Mahmoud and Ahmed S recently purchased a luxury villa in Gundogan area of Bodrum with us. After finalising the small details, they are now ready to move into their new home in Turkey and were kind to leave us with some words: “Appreciate all the work put forth by everyon
Your office in Istanbul is simply amazing
Ahmed Beyi recently invested in two apartments in our famous Avantgarde project in Maslak area of Istanbul. After signing all documents and reaching his flight on time, Mr. Beyi left us with some kind words: “Thanks very much for your trustworthiness and humbleness. May
It almost feels like a dream, honestly
Kelly and his family, originally from Canada, contacted Property Turkey for help finding a home in Istanbul. After purchasing two amazing apartments in our outstanding Avantgarde project, Kelly had the following words: “It almost feels like a dream. Honestly, we had a gr
Recently in Property Turkey Blog
10 Iconic Historical Attractions in Turkey: Places to Explore
To explore historical attractions in Turkey is to delve into one of history’s most diverse and varied stories. Turkish history is not as straightforward as many think. Having been ruled by many empires over the centuries, we see styles including Ottoman and Byzantine buildings in Is
Ten Reasons to Travel to Turkey for the Trip of a Lifetime
If you are unsure where your next holiday should be, we recommend you travel to Turkey. The country is experiencing a tourism boost as proven in 2018 stats that it was the eighth-most visited destination on the globe. Just over 40 million tourists including Brits, Europeans, Asians,
Our pick of the top seafront homes in Istanbul
Seafront property in Istanbul. Rare as hen's teeth, and expensive, right? The first is correct, but the second isn't always the case. Property Turkey director Cameron Deggin walks us through some the last remaining seafront complexes in Istanbul. Ideal for investors and lifestyle bu
Best Family Beaches in Turkey: Kid Friendly Holiday Resorts
With over 8000 kilometres of coastline, choosing the best family beaches in Turkey is no easy task. As the world’s eighth most popular holiday destination with hundreds of resorts to choose from, mum and dad have their work cut out into making a choice that pleases them and the kids
Gazipasa Travel Guide: Exploring Lesser Known Turkey
Any useful Gazipasa travel guide should first mention that if you want to visit Turkey’s most popular areas, then Gazipasa isn’t the place to go. A lack of theme parks, bars and restaurants serving international cuisine keeps hordes of tourists away, but that is what makes the regio
Family Holidays in Turkey: Where to Go and What to Do
Mums and dads looking at family holidays in Turkey are picking one of the world’s most kid-friendly destinations. Cities and beach resorts around the country gear up for kids of all ages. It is not a marketing ploy because Turkish culture embraces the family network. From delicious
Istanbul's Maslak district is a diamond in the rough
Once the rundown home of a car cemetery, Maslak's future looks bright. The suburb on the European shore of Istanbul has become a home for fashionable young professionals and is leading the way in affordable luxury developments, property projects aimed at young families and the inves
Why I keep returning: Cameron Deggin's love affair with Bodrum
Bodrum's cache has a brand and a destination has only grown in the past two decades. And despite development, there are still beachfront properties for sale in Bodrum's peninsula. Property Turkey’s director explains Bodrum’s opportunities and its endless appeal, and fills us in on h
Property Turkey TV
Charm Blue sea view luxury apartments in Zeytinburnu
Turkish citizenship by real estate investment video guide
How to expose fake real estate agents in Turkey?
Brand new central apartment in Besiktas Istanbul
As Featured InView all As Featured
Recently Added Properties
Contemporary completed apartments in Kartal for sale
Recently completed to excellent standards, this brand new development offers a range of apartments for sale in Kartal area of Istanbul on the Anatolian side and is just minutes away from a Metro station for centre commuting.
Modern minimalist central detached villa in Bodrum
Within 200 metres to the nearest sandy beach for relaxing and spending summery days is this fully furnished villa for sale in Gumbet area of Bodrum – ideal for those looking to relocate and raise children in Turkey.
Sea view charming house for sale in Gumusluk
Located in a residential area of Bodrum, this detached villa forms part of a peaceful complex in the sought after Gumusluk area and overlooks the sea with a delightful view from a large balcony ideal for relaxing all summer long.