Welcome to the biggest and best dedicated marketplace for publishing
professionals built on the foundation of Publishers Lunch, read by
40,000 industry insiders and considered "publishing's essential daily
read."
Become a Publishers Marketplace member today and get the enhanced
Publishers Lunch Deluxe newsletter plus all the benefits that come with membership.
Available for a simple monthly fee of $25.00, registration is
month-to-month, requiring no long-term commitment.
Register now.
Please note:Click here to sign up for the
free, shorter daily e-mail Publishers Lunch. (If you currently receive
the free version of Publishers Lunch, you still need to register for a paid
membership to obtain a user name and password for this site and access to our
premium services.)
Fiction: Debut:
Founder of The Berlin Writing Prize Victoria Gosling's BEFORE THE RUINS, literary suspense about a woman who must revisit a tragedy from her past in order to solve interlocking mysteries in the present, exploring both the danger and magic of games among friends, to Caroline Zancan at Holt, at auction, for publication in fall 2020, by Molly Friedrich and Lucy Carson at Friedrich Agency on behalf of Serpent's Tail (NA).
If you have questions about membership, or if you are having trouble
logging in, please read our help and
FAQ pages, where we address the most common
user questions.
Marketplace news
Subscribe to Bookscan Sales Data Monthly
PM member agents and writers can now "subscribe" to a package of NPD Bookscan US print book sales data, to follow or research up to 5 different ISBNs a month. (BookScan is the gold-standard data service that tracks actual US retail sales of print books on a weekly basis across all major retailers.)
For each ISBN, you'll see unit sales for the most recent week, the year to date, and lifetime, starting in 2004. (Plus, we will also show you PubTrack Digital ebook sales information, if data is available for your selected titles.) Up until now, Bookscan has only been available through premium annual subscriptions, primarily used by publishers and some agents You can read more and register here. (If the registration page does not resolve for you, it means you are not eligible for this offer.)
Take A Look Behind Our Paywall
This quick video lets you see what some of our most popular subscription-only databases and features look like.
I'm a subscriber to Publishers Lunch, and I can't
seem to log in to the Marketplace. Why don't you recognize me?
A.
Publishers Marketplace requires a separate registration --
subscribers to Lunch aren't automatically registered with the Marketplace,
which is a paid service. Click here to register,
or visit our Benefits page to learn more about
the benefits of membership.