Rated 5-star by thousands
of customers
We're proud to carry an "Excellent" rating on Trustpilot for our independently verified positive reviews
- 95%
- 2%
- 0%
- 0%
- 2%
The best in the business
Ian - you have been an absolute pleasure to deal with and we re so grateful for everything you have done. Your attentiveness and passion about our house was evident from the start and you stood head and shoulders about the 'local' agents we had...
Thank you Ian!!
Ian Ratcliff at Purple Bricks helped us secure our dream home. We cannot recommend him and Purple Bricks enough. Thank you From the Sawyer’s.
had another agency first
had another agency first, they just sat on it for 2 months! then wanted us to accept low offer.went with purple bricks basically had it sold before it even hit online!
Purple bricks have been great…
Purple bricks have been great throughout our renting experience, Tamika in particular has been fantastic! always corresponding in good time and keeping us in the loop. Would definitely recomend
Craig Stephens was fab attention to…
Craig Stephens was fab attention to detail for the pictures the advice and availability was fantastic we had viewings within hours of the ad going up offers on the property in days. Really happy with Craig's service highly recommend purple bricks...
Five Stars for Jonathan Shidler & Purplebricks
I can't say enough about Jonathan Shidler and Purplebricks as my realtors. Selling my house was always going to be an uphill climb. The house was in a small mountain community where nothing moves quickly. Then our first buyers backed out two days...
So easy from start to finish
So easy from start to finish. My property sold within 2 days! The local property expert was so helpful and put my mind at rest, explaining everything that I needed to know. Everything is under one roof, so I have the solicitors to help me sell and...
Made the home selling process as easy…
Made the home selling process as easy as possible. I was always kept in the loop. Always updated on any news. I greatly appreciated that. I would use them again and would highly recommend.
Maudi Hibbard Agent
Maudi Hibbard Agent I worked with Maudi Hibbard on a first time owner ship of a house in Big Bear City Ca 92134. She is attentive and kept me in the loop the whole process.I would HIGHLY recommend Maudi for making the journey of ownership possible!...
We are so satisfied with our agent at…
We are so satisfied with our agent at Purple Bricks. He is working very hard to sell our home and is very personable and works to please us.
I really like it.
I really like it.
Despite leaving the us market
Despite leaving the us market, I'm very happy with purple bricks and the agent I have been working with. I'm sad to see them go..