Designed For Career Services Professionals
From managing relationships with students and employers, to setting up and tracking events, to recording and reporting student outcomes, Purple Briefcase has all the tools you need to run your office. We designed Purple Briefcase for you, with your office, your contacts, and your students in mind!
Excellent Customer Service
We pride ourselves on our responsive and friendly customer service support teams. Ready at a moment’s notice, and available at no extra cost to you, we’re here to support your department! Additionally, Purple Briefcase provides extensive product training to you, free of charge.
Our centralized Career Center at Georgia Southern University has been extremely impressed with the quality of product, customization opportunities, and incredible customer service that Purple Briefcase offers. This product has been able to replace several other stand alone technology platforms we were using and is a significant upgrade for us on the content management side of our business. In the past we have used nationally recognized technology providers with little to no customer service capabilities and experienced frustration with those products and support teams. The best thing about Purple Briefcase is the personal service you receive as a client. They ask what our challenges are, especially the ones that are unique to our institution, and design the product to truly meet our needs. Purple Briefcase offers our students, employers, and staff a holistic technology platform that delivers the highest quality services to the individuals we serve. We could not be happier with the product or the team that supports it.
Purple briefcase has given our students knowledge and confidence that has resulted in more productive career advising appointments. Our students are drawn to the easy-to-use platform and continuously access the system as they explore careers, search for internships and prepare for interviews. The administrative tools make it easy for me to track data and see who’s using the system and areas where we can work to engage more students.
Purple Briefcase is revolutionizing the way we deliver career services. It provides everything a student, grad or alumni needs to do an effective modern job search all in one place. The portal is especially helpful with students who don't live near a campus, but all of our students can now receive services 24/7. Both our one-to-one coaching and group workshops have become more effective with the addition of this amazing tool.
As a baby boomer I am learning about the social media resources for our millennial students; purple briefcase is a great career development tool for our students to discover and learn about resumes, cover letters, interviewing, etc. from a source they are comfortable with and know how to surf.
What About Red Briefcase, Or Blue, Or Green?
We understand branding, and we understand that purple might not be your color. That’s why we offer different levels of customization, from free color adjustments all the way up to white-labled custom smartphone apps.