See a doctor online
Same day appointments with the UK's number one online doctor. Talk face-to-face with an NHS-trained GP on your mobile, tablet or laptop today.
Open every day from 7am–8pm
Book online appointment How it works
CQC regulated
Push Doctor is regulated by the Care Quality Commission (CQC), the independent regulator of health and social care in England.
They are the foremost authority in our industry, assessing health providers' ability to provide people with safe, effective, compassionate and high-quality care – be they offline or online doctors.
Push Doctor is registered with the CQC under the name 'Push Dr Limited', with the registration number 1-5345986073.
Our most recent inspection took place in May 2019, concluding that the service we provide is safe, effective, caring, responsive and well-led – gaining a 'Good' rating overall. You can read the report in full on our CQC profile.
Secure data
Push Doctor uses the latest technologies to ensure utmost security. We utilise several layers of firewall security and encrypt all personal data to ensure it’s safe.
All users are required to go through a two-step verification process to create and restore an account. Online access to an account is protected with a password that a user creates and PD apps support touch ID technology.
When using the platform, all personal data is transmitted through the internet using secure socket Layers (SSL) technology. SSL technology causes a browser to encrypt entered information before transmitting it to our secure server. SSL technology, an industry standard, is designed to prevent a third party from capturing and viewing Personal Data.
Authorised medicines seller
Push Doctor is registered with the Medicines & Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA), and fully approved to sell medicines from our website.
We have been approved sellers since our inception, with the company number of C46132. As authorised MHRA sellers, we are approved to sell the following as and when we need to do so:
- Prescription only medicines
- General sales list medicines
- Pharmacy medicines
We regularly review the medications that we prescribe on our service, making sure to meet best practice and only ever provide outstanding care. With this, and our CQC rating, you know you are in safe hands.
GMC-registered GPs
All of our doctors are NHS-trained and registered with the General Medical Council (GMC), ensuring that you are only ever receiving the best possible care and advice.
We encourage you to familiarise yourself with our online doctors, check their GMC profiles for yourself – every doctor on our platform has one, which you can easily search the GMC's database for.
In the majority of cases, we even give a direct link to our doctors' LinkedIn pages so you can see where they have worked in the past and where they were educated.
You can also see who our medical support and data protection teams are as well.
We welcome scrutiny, and encourage you to get in touch if you have any questions, concerns or comments about the people that power Push Doctor.
How does it work?
1
Create an account
Sign up for a Push Doctor account in minutes, either on our website or by downloading our app.
2
Book an appointment
See a doctor the same day, at a time and place to suit you – even if it's a weekend or bank holiday.
3
See a doctor online
Speak to a GMC-registered doctor by video or text chat, whichever is easiest for you.
Click to play video
Click to play video
Why use an online doctor?
Join thousands of patients receiving medical advice, prescriptions, referral letters and sick notes through Push Doctor. Our online GPs can treat almost anything that traditional GPs can – minus the waiting, or travelling
Doctors on demand
Talk to an online doctor whenever you want in the UK. All you need is a smartphone, tablet or laptop.
Meet the doctors
Prescriptions in minutes
A prescription will arrive at your designated pharmacy an hour after your appointment is over.
Learn more
Referrals and sick notes
Whatever treatment we think is best, we will do everything we can to start you on that path.
CQC regulated
Working closely with the Care Quality Commission to maintain a leading standard of care.
Learn more
Shared health records
By agreeing to share your records, notes made by your online doctor will be available to your local GP.
Trusted by you
An average TrustPilot rating of four stars from over two thousand customers.
Pricing options
Whether you are looking for year round care or a one-off appointment.
30% saving
Membership
APPOINTMENT COST
£20
MONTHLY COST
£3
12 months minimum
Pay as you go
APPOINTMENT COST
£30
MONTHLY COST
£0
Meet our doctors
GMC-registered and NHS Top Performer doctors, supported by medical and pharmacy officers and a data protection and information governance team.
Dr Kavil Patel
GMC number: 7138776
Dr Patel is a practicing GP in London. He prides himself on providing patient-centered, efficient consultations through Push Doctor.
Dr Shamsul Kelman
GMC number: 7133619
Dr Kelman has been consulting for Push Doctor for over a year. He also consults in several practices around the North West.
Dr Sarah Marshall
GMC number: 4192497
Known as ‘Dr Sarah’ or simply ‘Sarah’ to her patients, Dr Marshall has been operating as a GP within NHS and private surgeries for more than two decades.
Want to know more about our service?
About Push Doctor
Push Doctor are the leading light in online consultations, providing video appointments with NHS-trained GPs to patients across the UK, entirely on their terms. Patients can book an appointment online, or through the app, and be seen wherever they feel comfortable, whenever suits them – either through a partnering NHS surgery or privately.
Sign up, pick a day and time that works best for you – even the very same day – then, when it's nearly time for your appointment, open Push Doctor with ID at the ready and wait for your doctor to connect with you. Video consultations are just like face-to-face consultations. Your doctor will still discuss your symptoms with you, they can still look at affected areas with your device's camera, listen out for telltale signs using your microphone, and provide prescriptions, referral letters and fit notes when necessary.
Some of the conditions we treat most frequently include mental health and skin conditions, infections, joint pain and common complaints like colds, flu, asthma, tonsillitis, sinusitis and gastroenteritis and irritable bowel syndrome.
Our service is regulated by the Care Quality Commission, who awarded us the UK's first digital healthcare 'good' rating in our last inspection. Every one of our doctors is an NHS' 'Top Performer', registered with the General Medical Council, so you can never be in doubt that you are receiving the best possible care.
This is the future of healthcare, and it's available right now.