Our platform helps you automatically segment and automatically send web push notifications
"PushEngage service is very responsive, to-the-point and proactive. The platform is very user friendly and more intuitive (and cheaper) then the other platform we tested. Browser push messages have helped us to reach an alternative group of web site visitors through an original medium, driving engagement and sales."
"PushEngage is an easy to use tool that gives a lot to e-commerce businesses at minimum costs. With the right settings, a valuable copy and a good image, engage users with relevant content and create a successful campaign in just a few minutes."
"PushEngage is very easy to implement and use and has helped us in achieving a good deal of revenue. Their Customer Service is amazing as well, very prompt with their reply."
"PushEngage has become a near-daily tool for us to reach a segment of some of our most fanatic fans. It's uber-easy to use, the support team is super-helpful, and the results we're getting are impressive. Especially when you take into account how little work they are to build and send. Highly recommend PushEngage to anyone wanting a way to reach customers that's fast, reliable, and effective."
""I’ve been so happy with PushEngage! The customer service is quick, responsive and helpful. The service has great features, and more reasonably priced than competitors. Push notifications have been a great additional source of traffic for our website."
"With a very simple and fast integration, we've been able to re-engage the users and increase amazingly traffic and conversions of our site."
"It was easy to set up the Push Notification on our system with the help of the agent in live chat. We soon see visitor sign in and we get a nice CRT on every post."
"We moved from another browser notification supplier and are very happy that we did! Would recommend this tool to big and small companies."
"Reports and automation are great. The user interface is also very nice. Amazing response and support from the whole team!"
"PushEngage is a very intituive and easy-to-use platform. It was very easy to integrate PushEngage APIs on our website. Ravi and his customer success team have gone beyond the call of duty in providing support whenever we needed one."
"Since my blog is WordPress, the integration was super-fast with the plugin. The fine stuff I liked about PushEngage is, they are innovative and they are bringing all the power of email marketing into push notifications."
"It was easy to set up the Push Notification on our system with the help of the agent in live chat. We soon see visitor sign in and we get a nice CRT on every post."
"This Platform has been of immense help to create a strong recall in the minds of the potential customers. It makes it supremely convenient to reach the audience and talk to them about the USPs of the product in a clutter free manner."
Segment subscribers based on different factors. Send targeted notifications to each of the segment for better CTR.
Send Series of automatic Push Notifications to nurture your customers. Create Drip Campaigns in Web Push Notification.
Manage multiple websites in a single account. Create multiple logins with access control to provide granular access.
Trigger Notifications based on user action. Create cart abandonment, review campaigns using push notifications.
Get Unlimited Subscribers, Unlimited Notifications, 24x7 Phone/Email Support, Custom Branding, Unlimited Multi Site, Drip Auto Responder and much more...