Get started for free. Our basic plan gives you access to machines with a full Python environment already installed. You can develop and host your website or any other code directly from your browser without having to install software or manage your own server.
Need more power? Upgraded plans start at $5/month.
Start running Python online in less than a minute! »
Not convinced? Read what our users are saying!
We make a normally complicated process very simple, letting you focus on creating exciting applications for your users. Launching a new Django project is a simple process taking just a couple of minutes. No need to manage a web server or maintain a Linux machine. No need to install security patches. It just works.
We have quickstart installers for Django, web2py, Flask, and Bottle — we can also handle any other WSGI web framework that you want to use, and it's probably already installed.
@pythonanywhere Great initiative. Amazing service! Good job! Quickly host python apps with complete python environment! With free plan— Tiago Marques (@tapmarques) February 14, 2017
Have been playing around with #Python (3.5) and #Django on @pythonanywhere. Very, very cool and powerful!— J. M. Varner (@JMVarnerBooks) 6 June 2016
Want to host your own domain at PythonAnywhere? Our
paid accounts
do that for you. And free users don't get left out —
http://yourusername.pythonanywhere.com/
works for everyone.
A $5 Hacker account at PythonAnywhere can easily support a 10,000 hit/day website. But when your site grows and you need to support 100 times that traffic, we're still there — you just need to upgrade your account.
PythonAnywhere makes it easy to create and run Python programs in the cloud. You can write your programs in a web-based editor or just run a console session from any modern web browser. There's storage space on our servers, and you can preserve your session state and access it from anywhere, with no need to pay for, or configure, your own server. Start work on your work desktop, then later pick up from where you left off by accessing exactly the same session from your laptop.
With Python versions 2.7, 3.3, 3.4, 3.5 and 3.6, and all the goodies you normally find in a Python installation, PythonAnywhere is also preconfigured with loads of useful libraries, like NumPy, SciPy, Mechanize, BeautifulSoup, pycrypto, and many others. Check out our full list of batteries included.
PythonAnywhere runs on super-powerful servers hosted by Amazon EC2, and you can take full advantage of that. Without paying a penny, you can run simple Python programs to help you explore your ideas. For heavy-duty processing, you only pay for what you use, so you can get access to teraflops of power without needing to explain yourself to the electricity company.
It's hard to write programs or play with ideas on the go. Because PythonAnywhere runs on our servers and displays in your web browser, you can write Python applications from your iPad, phone, or smart TV just as easily as you can from your computer. It works on the iPad, and we are in beta for Android devices.
It's easy to get your stuff into and out of PythonAnywhere — you can upload and download files from our web UI, or bring up a command line to work with your git, mercurial or subversion projects from GitHub, Bitbucket, or from any public source code repository. With 512Mb of free disk space, you don't need to worry about running out of space. And paying users can get more space, and use scp and SFTP.
Use PythonAnywhere's scheduled tasks to run your Python scripts periodically. Scrape websites, archive tweets, connect back to your home automation system to turn the toaster on... the choice is yours!
Python is a great language for teaching, but getting it installed and set up on all your students' computers can be less than easy. PythonAnywhere provides an environment that's ready to go — including a syntax-highlighting, error-checking editor, Python 2 and 3 consoles, and a full set of batteries included. Avoid all the hassles of getting Python installed on everyone's laptop, and making sure everyone can pip install all the right packages.
Once a student has nominated you as their teacher, you can see their files and Python consoles, so you can help them more easily. You can copy files into their accounts so that you can give them a starting point for their assignments, and you can see their solutions.
We can even create student accounts in bulk for you, and pre-populate them with files that you provide — just let us know!
The same operating system, the same console, the same text editor — save yourself from having to customise your lessons and instructions for Windows/Mac/Linux, and from having to debug issues in different shells and editors.
Your students can choose to share their consoles with each other, too — so they can work on group projects remotely, or help each other in-class.
PythonAnywhere education help pages »
Because PythonAnywhere is web-based, it can follow you around on any computer (or iPad, or Chromebook) with a browser, so you or your students can work from wherever you like.
It's free! Our basic accounts are free, and we only charge for more advanced services (like professional web app hosting, or big number-crunching requirements), none of which are needed for basic "intro to programming" type courses. If you need larger amounts of processing power, then get in touch — you can also get an idea of our prices on the pricing page.
Our education support is evolving rapidly, and there are a few limitations right now; check out this help page for the current list.
7 days a week, 365.242 days a year, we're there for you. Got a question or a comment about PythonAnywhere? Need some help? Just post in our forums, drop a line to support@pythonanywhere.com, or send us feedback, and one of our dev team will get back to you right away.
Here are some of the characters you'll meet:
|Giles Thomas
|Glenn Jones
|Conrad Ho
Great choice indeed — we’ve never had a problem with their wonderful service, and their customer support response time is amazing!— Nightwave Studios (@VaduNightwave) September 19, 2017
How have ssl on https://t.co/SodxVHZzUQ. Thanks to the super helpful people at @pythonanywhere! Your tutorials are great.— David Love (@Dvlv292) June 28, 2017
@pytohs Je confirme que chez @pythonanywhere ils sont très gentils. Leur S.A.V est très choupinet.— SamEtMax (@sam_et_max) 15 February 2016