We had an excellent time at USITT in Louisville.
I signed all of the copies of Volume 2 and drew tons of doodles (propcat was especially popular this year). And you nerds brought it tons of weird crap for me to sign. The list of unusual items I’ve signed now includes: a water bottle, a rescue inhaler, a rubber duckie, TWO resumes (please someone hire both of them), a kid’s fan art of Wuggles, a light plot, a Nerds plushie, and a knee brace.
And, as is now tradition, our own little gremlin La Ropasucia got up to no good on the Stage Expo floor.
This suitcase is only full of mischief.
We made a poor choice of navigator.
We made it to Louisville!
Who put this crap in the bookstore?
There’s a whole table for us!
Throw Swag Here!
Blinding the audience with movers. Snicker snicker.
Making a stage expo plan of attack.
Up to their neck in Syracuse bags like all of us.
Caught in a sticky situation at the Ninjas booth.
Sam knows better than to trust this little gremlin with QLab.
Correcting the signage for Gig Gear’s new Safe and Sound project.
Tea Time at the Ohio University booth!
Who decided this was a good idea?!
WHY WOULD YOU ARM HIM, BMI!?
Got a very professional headshot taken right on the Stage Expo floor.
Blorp made a new friend in Gilda at the Guild of Scenic Artists booth.
Blorp found its people at the Cobalt Studios booth!
Blorp guarding the fluorescent paints at the Rosco booth.
Taking over the selfie station at the Rosco booth!
Required reading at the SPAM booth.
Getting real fancy with OSF.
Getting real fancy with OSF.
Gotta stay up to date on the latest tech. So La Ropasucia took DPA’s new 6066 for a spin.
All rigged up to fly with ZFX! We need a tiny utilikilt.
I came in like a WREEEEECKING BAALLL. Flying with ZFX.
I came in like a WREEEEECKING BAALLL. Flying with ZFX.
Messing with the AR anchor points at the ETC booth.
Messing with the AR anchor points at the ETC booth.
Looking into mischiefing abroad with the RWCMD.
If it fits it sits, even if that spot is the front of a taco truck.
Do you have this in an XXXXS?
Heck Yeah I’ll draw La Ropasucia on your knee brace!
Travel Yoshi found La Ropasucia! Hashtag Best Buds.
Gotta get some mischief in at the costume design stage.
I got tired so La Ropasucia took the wheel on the ride home.
If you want to see the mischief in real time, and for some videos (and pictures of my cats), you should follow Q2Q on instagram, too.
Saturday I even co-presented a session on Body Mic techniques with Chris of DPA Microphones. So I got to flex some of my audio muscles and share drop some knowledge on likeminded folks. It was a lot of fun and not something that I get to do very often.
We’re glad to be home, but things are in flux here as Liz and I prepare to move away from Ohio, and on to Boston (and then I immediately turn around and head for St Louis) so things are very hectic around here. But I’m glad we got to see so many of our friends at the conference and that we got to meet so many of you at the signing!
We’ll see you next year in Houston!
OH OH OH OH! AND VOLUME 2 AND THE VOLUME 1 REPRINT ARE UP IN THE SHOP RIGHT NOW! GET YOUR BOOKS!
-Steve