Immerse yourself in emotion
Enjoy unlimited streaming of all your music, from £9,99/month, with no strings attached. Your source for music, audio and the culture that surrounds them.Try it for free Try for free
Enjoy unlimited streaming of all your music, from £9,99/month, with no strings attached. Your source for music, audio and the culture that surrounds them.Try it for free Try for free
Three ways to discover millions of tracks in the best quality possible
Qobuz is your source for the best sound quality and unlimited listening, anytime, everywhere, on all your devices.Explore our plans
You can also buy your favorite albums and tracks in Hi-Res in our online store.Explore our store
Qobuz is the only music platform in the world to offer you the possibility to both stream and purchase.Discover our Sublime+ offer
Discover the most comprehensive CD quality (Hi-Fi) catalogue in the world, and the largest selection of albums in studio quality (Hi-Res).
Standard quality
MP3 320 kbps
High quality
FLAC 16-Bit / 44.1 kHz
The best quality in the world
FLAC 24-Bit up to 192 kHz
Enjoy premium access to the world's best new releases, selected by our expert team, dedicated to artistry, creativity, and quality.
Rediscover music's history, its secrets, its roots and its influences, with original editorial content, available exclusively to our subscribers (articles, reviews, interviews, videos and more).
Access thousands of digital booklets, available on all your devices. A truly unique feature on Qobuz.
A fresh perspective on artists and their work. Qobuz asks the questions you want answered.
A brand new interactive format blending writing and music, exploring the history, the careers and the discographies of individual artists and beyond.
The world's largest Lossless Quality (CD quality) and Studio Quality (Hi-Res) store, accessible without a subscription. Own all your albums, your gems, your rarities, and take these highest quality versions with you wherever and forever.Explore our store