Sooner or later the online resourses of your business might be attacked. Without effective strategy to mitigate DDoS attacks your potential losses may be devastating
Qrator Labs is a global filtering network based in Eastern Europe and №1 security network service provider in Russia
Need support?
+420 602 558 144
Average availability of Qrator Labs customers' websites is 99,9875 %
Stop DDoS before it stops you
We protect 7 companies from the list of TOP-10 e-commerce companies in Russia, according to Forbes
"Entry-level" billing plan for your business protection. At a reasonable price, but just as under "senior billing plans", you get a fully automated DDoS filtering and an expert-level tech support. Is it worse than more expensive plans? To some extent less strict SLA and maximum bandwidth limitation of DDoS filtering. Also under this plan we don’t provide you with a dedicated channel and don’t protect your AS. If you already have one we can only do it for individual IP-addresses. You have to evaluate the potential power of attacks towards your web resources on your own. If you are not in the list of top 100 companies than you’ve chosen right option.
Everything you get used to - top tickets priority in technical support, customized regular reports, developed API for service management. And the highest guarantee for automated protection effectiveness - your employees will not be distracted by DDoS.
Free online bulletin board
Lamoda.ru is an online clothing and footwear retailer.
Ulmart is an online store selling computers, home appliances and digital electronics.
Travel booking website using a method of ticketing that helps travelers save money and time.
One of the leading Russian online travel agencies.
The largest on-line shop of Russia for the sale of fashion clothes, shoes and accessories.
The most popular internet shop selling Russian language goods- Books, Movies, Music, and Software.
Electronics discounter, is one of the largest online stores in Russia.
One of the largest online stores on Runet for the sale of power tools, power, industrial, climate and garden equipment and more.
Attacks are mainly carried out on HTTPS. Qrator Labs provides a unique HTTPS traffic filtering without a usage of the encryption key that corresponds to the requirements of regulators and ensures service availability, regardless of the attacks on it
Everything you get used to - top tickets priority in technical support, customized regular reports, developed API for service management. And the highest guarantee for automated protection effectiveness - your employees will not be distracted by DDoS.
If your business doesn’t function that means CISO doesn’t work as well. Our geographically distributed cloud is resistant to any DDoS or network anomalies that are observed today.
PP (Pure Port) - new Qrator Labs technology that is available under this billing plan and guarantees SLA> 99,5%. We provide a dedicated channel (VPN MPLS L2) from our cloud to your infrastructure that allows you to:
Also as part of the billing plan besides other services you get:
Kirill Ermakov
Chief information security officer
Электронная платежная система QIWI
When millions of transactions per day are effected through the payment system, the availability of web resources becomes a critical part of the business. Qrator Labs is our reliable partner who has helped to ensure the SLA that is necessary for business and has expressed flexibility in dealing with our complicated web infrastructure. Read more
Payment service that enables its users to make payments to individuals, the internet, and mobile communication channels.
Leader in credit cards and has developed retail deposits programme in Russia, serving customers through a high-tech branchless platform.
One of the leading universal banks of Russia. VTB Bank and its subsidiaries form a leading Russian financial group – VTB Group.
Integrated broad-based multibank Internet payment system, is historically the first Russian electronic payment system.
We know that you have special requirements for service availability and performance - we have special methods of DDoS protection. We analyze and filter incoming traffic of players that didn’t get into black or white lists. We make real-time updating of these lists, based on the analysis of your service log entries. This allows us to transparently and quickly pass users authorized by you without network latency increasing.
If your business doesn’t function that means CISO doesn’t work as well. Our geographically distributed cloud is resistant to any DDoS or network anomalies that are observed today.
PP (Pure Port) - new Qrator Labs technology that is available under this billing plan and guarantees SLA> 99,5%. We provide a dedicated channel (VPN MPLS L2) from our cloud to your infrastructure that allows you to:
Also as part of the billing plan besides other services you get:
A treatment of political events or a non-standard point of view statement increases the probability of DDoS on your website
Continuous monitoring and automated filtering by Qrator Labs allows you to be sure of your web resources availability
"Entry-level" billing plan for your business protection. At a reasonable price, but just as under "senior billing plans", you get a fully automated DDoS filtering and an expert-level tech support. Is it worse than more expensive plans? To some extent less strict SLA and maximum bandwidth limitation of DDoS filtering. Also under this plan we don’t provide you with a dedicated channel and don’t protect your AS. If you already have one we can only do it for individual IP-addresses. You have to evaluate the potential power of attacks towards your web resources on your own. If you are not in the list of top 100 companies than you’ve chosen right option.
Everything you get used to - top tickets priority in technical support, customized regular reports, developed API for service management. And the highest guarantee for automated protection effectiveness - your employees will not be distracted by DDoS.
“Rain” TV is the first news channel in Russian language broadcasting primarily on the internet. Since 2011 “Rain” media holding is a customer of Qrator Labs company — that year the digital TV channel for the first time experienced a distributed denial of service attack, becoming a victim of illegitimate requests from over 8 thousands of unique IP-addresses. Read more
Yuri Sinodov
Founder
Roem.ru
One day Qrator.net took us for DDoS protection, and then we forgot about DDoSers forever. Read more
Igor Fionov
Deputy Chief Executive
Информационное агентство REGNUM
In September 2015 the company decided to get protected by the traffic filtering network Qrator. Before Regnum used protection supplied by the Internet service provider, but the incident occurred, it showed that these means were not enough. Read more
An independent informational TV channel
Media about Internet business for employees of Internet companies
Russian non-governmental, nationwide online news service.
Rossiya Segodnya is an international multimedia news agency. Our goal is to provide prompt, balanced and objective coverage of world events.
Xakep is one of the most read technology magazines in Russia, being published since 1999.
The first satellite TV operator in Russia. Founded by holding "Media-Most" on September 1, 1996.
Russian brand name of TNT Broadcasting Network, one of Russia’s top five television networks.
The leader of legal online film distribution in Russia.
Russian nationwide TV network.
Are you a hosting service or a data centre? Qrator Labs provides continuous traffic filtering for your network, excluding L7 (L7 OSI). And we guarantee the uptime of your infrastructure. Attacks of any architecture or complexity up to L7 OSI will be mitigated; L7 OSI attacks at any of your client's site will not impact other clients' resources or your infrastructure
Everything you get used to - top tickets priority in technical support, customized regular reports, developed API for service management. And the highest guarantee for automated protection effectiveness - your employees will not be distracted by DDoS.
If your business doesn’t function that means CISO doesn’t work as well. Our geographically distributed cloud is resistant to any DDoS or network anomalies that are observed today.
PP (Pure Port) - new Qrator Labs technology that is available under this billing plan and guarantees SLA> 99,5%. We provide a dedicated channel (VPN MPLS L2) from our cloud to your infrastructure that allows you to:
Also as part of the billing plan besides other services you get:
In early May, 2019 the public cloud platform Yandex.Cloud encountered a first persistent series of DDoS attack. Read more
Filtering all traffic within the Qrator Labs cloud mitigation network, Tilda Publishing cuts off the infrastructure, reputational and financial risks and possible damages. All of this is of great importance while speaking about international service providing a tool for users all around the globe. Read more
Qrator is transparent for legitimate usersRead more
Smart HTTPS traffic filtering without decryptionRead more
Full-auto protection mode (up to L7 OSI)Read more
Easy to connect - change the A record and you're protected!Read more
Free 7-day trial periodRead more
Mean availability of Qrator customers' websites in 2017 - 99.986%Read more
SLA 97%
starts at €520/$547 per month
Protection from an unlimited number of attacks of any duration at the fixed price. Guaranteed filtering quality for common types of DDoS attacks.
SLA 99% or 99,5%
starts at €1320/$1389 per month
Protection from an unlimited number of attacks of any duration at the fixed price. For websites with highest requirements for constant and uninterrupted operation.
SLA > 99,5%
the cost is calculated on demand
If you have non-standard requirements to the web resources availability or complex infrastructure. We will offer to you an individual solution at competetive price.
July 10, 2019
Qrator Lab appointed Sergei Pasechnik as a Sales Director of the Russian office. Maxim Beloenko, who previously held this post, is now the Director of business development in the Middle East region at Qrator Labs.
April 15, 2019
Qrator Labs, a DDoS mitigation service provider, and Yandex.Cloud, a public cloud platform from Yandex – the Russian Internet company, announced availability of the new Yandex DDoS Protection service. The service is designed to protect applications hosted in the cloud infrastructure against DDoS attacks.
March 20, 2019
Qrator Labs provided continuous availability of the energy center Internet resources within the XXIX World Winter Universiade 2019 held in Krasnoyarsk.