Great customer service starts with better help desk software. LiveAgent is the #1 rated customer service solution for SMB in 2017 by G2Crowd. It also scored the #1 spot as most reviewed customer service software on multiple software comparison platforms like Trustpilot, Capterra and GetApp.
LiveAgent's advantage lies in its multi-channel approach. Unlike any other solution on the market, LiveAgent features all support channels (email, live chat, social, knowledge base, voice) in 1 place.
*New Biggest News of LiveAgent's history: Built in Cloud Call Center is here!Discover LiveAgent
Post Affiliate Pro is affiliate program software which can power all kinds of affiliate programs, starting from affiliate programs for individuals to mid market and enterprise level affiliate networks.
Rock-solid tracking and extensive set of feature, is what makes Post Affiliate Pro the #1 affiliate tracking software on the market. Since 2005, more than 30,000 businesses have used Post Affiliate Pro.Post Affiliate Pro
Customer success is absolutely top priority for us at sli.do. Especially in the event industry, a few seconds can make a big difference. We analyzed most of the solutions out there and LiveAgent is by far the best. It combines excellent Live chat capabilities, ticketing and powerful automation that allow us to provide exceptional support to our customers. And all of it comes with a great price, highly recommended!
We are using LiveAgent mostly for its chat feature. We like it because it is easy to use and offers great functionality, such as useful reporting features and process automation. Furthermore it is easy to integrate into our own user system through the API that is being offered. Finally it is really fast, easy and fun to learn and their customer support is always helpful. Thanks for the good service!
We've switched from another affiliate software to PAP. Post Affiliate Pro is a much more advanced tool and it offers a lot more features than our previous tool. We're very happy with our decision to switch to PAP. The customer support of Quality Unit is by far the best support that I have received so far. I highly recommend PAP to anyone who wants a reliable affiliate software and exceptional customer service!
2003
Prehistory of Post Affiliate Pro started.
2004
QualityUnit was established.
2006
LiveAgent as chat software was born.
2009
Post Affiliate Pro in version 4.
2011
Multichannel based LiveAgent released.
2014
Hosted plans moved to redesigned cloud.
Quality Unit was established in 2004, as a software development company. Our primary effort was on developing web based applications. From start up, we have always had a dual marketing focus. While we concentrate on developing our own best selling products, we also function as a custom design group, creating quality web applications for external clients. We provide total service, from the initial consultation, to project realization, through on-going support and maintenance. We perform and collaborate!
Quality Unit continually releases new products and updates to our existing line, offering our customers the latest, most current versions.
Our products are geared for e-commerce; they are software helping merchants run their businesses efficiently, with ease and simplicity. We have over 30,000 customers world-wide, and a talented group of experienced specialists, happy to assist you.
Our website uses cookies. By continuing we assume your permission to deploy cookies, as detailed in our privacy and cookies policy.×