Making Bowling Amazing is at the heart of everything we do
Qubica began as a small startup in 1993, founded by three young product engineers.
Today, QubicaAMF is the largest and most innovative bowling equipment provider in the world with 600 employees! In 2018, we are celebrating our 25 year anniversary.
Because of our amazing products, we build and modernize more bowling entertainment centers than any other company in the world, every year.
Our ongoing mission is Making Bowling Amazing. We are convinced that bowling has so much more potential to attract and entertain even more people, more often. With our products, we will help our customers fully unleash that potential.
To make bowling amazing, we are creating an ever-growing ecosystem of products that work together and build on one another to deliver an AMAZING, never before seen, experience to bowling consumers.
We will continuously innovate to ensure your long-term success. That is our promise to you.
QubicaAMF Bowling World Cup
Since the first event in 1965, winning the AMF Bowling World Cup has been the most coveted title in amateur bowling. Held in a different country each year, it is the largest annual sporting event in terms of participating nations. Leading up to the event, more than half a million bowlers will enter into local and national qualifiers hoping for a chance to represent their country.
Browse the archives to discover or revisit the moments, competitors, and champions that make up the rich history of the Bowling World Cup.
The 55th QubicaAMF Bowling World Cup will take place in Palembang, Indonesia from November 16th to 24th.
There’s more than one way to get in touch with QubicaAMF
We’re here when you need us, anywhere you need us
News
Photo Finish at the Richmond Raceway for Bowling
Sep 24, 2019
Year 3 of the Sponsorship between the PWBA and QubicaAMF culminates with a weeklong of bowling excitement on the championship lanes at the Richmond Raceway
Main Event Selects QubicaAMF as its Exclusive Bowling Equipment and Technology Provider
Aug 16, 2019
Main Event and QubicaAMF have entered into a long-term partnership where QubicaAMF becomes Main Event’s complete bowling equipment supplier.
Events
MAPIC 2019
Palais des Festivals, Cannes, France
From Nov 13, 2019 02:00 PM To Nov 16, 2019 12:00 AM
The international retail property market
IAAPA Expo 2019
Orange County Convention Center (OCCC), Orlando, FL, USA
From Nov 18, 2019 03:00 PM To Nov 22, 2019 11:25 PM
Step into a world of fresh possibilities as you connect with your peers and discover innovative ways to improve operations, increase guest satisfaction, and grow revenue. The future of the attractions industry starts here.