Go over your vods/replays with your team in real time with synchronized playback, maps, drawings, and more.Sign up with Discord Sign up with email
Hours of replays uploaded
Live replays created
Teams using Queue
The amount we love you
Fun fact: These numbers are actually real.
Everything you need to have the most effective replay review session with your team. Whether you do that offline or live with your whole team, we got you covered.
Upload and organize replays
Upload your video replays to Queue so your whole team can review it.
Offline annotations
Leave offine annotations on key parts of your replay with timestamps, drawings, and more.
Draw, annotate, and more
Draw, annotate, and more with timestamps. Pinpoint the exact issues faster.
Review replays live
Review your replay live with your team or coach. It's all synced and real time for everyone.
Spectate in-game replays
Spectator lets you show your in-game replays to your whole team, live. Releasing December 2019
Team & Coach collaboration
Add your team to a highly secure place where collaborating on replays is fun and easy.
Review your replays live with your teammates. Everyone controls the video replay, drawing, and more. Everything you need in your finger tips.View demo Sign up
“Taking notes, preparing drawings, and then holding the review with the team on the same platform makes sure i can focus on my job, instead of juggling multiple third party apps.”
Let your coach or teammates leave annotations over your replays so you can review them whenever you feel like it. All organized for your team in one safe and secure location.
"This shit was pretty game changing for our team. So much that we're gonna sponsor queue for free.
Your data is encrypted at rest and protected by TLS in transit. Your Queue password is hashed using bcrypt, and no one can access your account without your consent.
Our projects pass thorough security-design reviews, threat models, and regular pen tests using trusted security vendors. We also employ a public bug bounty for continuous assessment.
Queue is super duper secure, but if you're extra parandoid, you can password protect all your replays and live rooms.
"Been Using Queue to Review our scrims and its our secret against other OWL teams." - OWL teamTry Queue