Individuals
Free trial subscription to certification and training in emerging
technologies.
Get Certified & Advance Your Career
- Transform Your Career
- Increase Your Income
- Get Promoted
- Get Certification
- 7-Day FREE Trial
Teams
A workforce readiness
platform with multi-modality courses to meet goals.
Achieve Workforce Readiness
- Team Assessments, Goal Insights
- Personalized Learning Experience
- Problem Solving Through Community
- Increase Team Performance
- 7-Day FREE Trial
Increased WorkForce Productivity
Instructor And Course Effectiveness
NPS Score
Proud To Be Authorized Learning Partners With Some Of The Biggest Technology Vendors
QuickStart is a Microsoft Gold Certified Partner, Cisco Learning Partner and Citrix Authorized Learning Center. QuickStart is one of the only IT training vendors in the United States that has achieved the dual status of Microsoft Gold partner for learning solutions (Gold CPLS) and Cisco Learning Partner (CLP).
Explore Our Courses Contact A Learning Consultant
Are You Ready To Become An Expert?
QuickStart Has one of the largest communities of experts, coaches, mentors, consultants, and trainers in the IT industry.
Become An Expert Contact A Learning Consultant
QuickStart Instructors are some of the best experts and instructional designers in the IT industry, with knowledge spanning across several different topics including big data, cloud, security and more. Here is what they and their students have to say:
Microsoft Training
Meet John Magill, instructor for Microsoft products, server, and workstation products.
Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) - Virtual Instructor-Live Course" Ahzar knows a lot about the subject and is more than willing to share what he knows. He encouraged interaction and questions checked progress with questions/situations and reviewed topics. He also shared lots of material to assist in studying and encouraged interaction after the course. This shows his dedication to success. "
Tyler Pelkey
Implementing a Data Warehouse MS SQL Server - Virtual Instructor-Live Course" I like Jeff's approach on presenting the course material through real life situations. It is effective in understanding and applying the knowledge. I don't like when instructors read from manuals. I can do that on my own. Jeff is a great instructor and communicator."
Melanie Snider
Installing and Configuring Windows Server 2012 - Virtual Instructor-Live Course" John is very personable and fun to spend a week training with. He did a great job of providing examples from his personal experience without turning them into boastful war stories like some instructors do. He paced the lessons well, and obviously had a firm grasp on the material. "
Clyde Wilson