Learning Arabic online via the Quran Academy is the best option. It begins with the study of Arabic, which is essential for Islamic learning, as well as for those who frequently travel to the Middle East or plan to move there.
You start learning at your current level. The program is designed for both beginners and those who have previously studied Arabic and the Quran. And it is absolutely free!
When effective methods of motivation are used, they allow the student to grasp the matter more efficiently. Moreover, diverse methods of presenting information and a student-centered approach enable a student to be more fully engaged. This makes studying interesting and intriguing, and means that it can develop according to the student’s knowledge, goals and interests.
Our unique library of audio, video and other content, prepared by experts of the Quran, offers a wide selection of material on a subject that you want to learn. You can also obtain personalized advice on studying, depending on your skills, goals and interests. Our interactive practices will help you to retain information twice better.
Around 240 million people speak Arabic worldwide. In an environment of huffaz, theologians, scholars, students of knowledge, and ordinary people who speak Arabic, you will learn more quickly and efficiently. You will not only memorize words, but also their correct pronunciation. Communicating continuously in an Arabic-speaking group helps to improve and retain what you have learnt.
A wide selection of unique tools for intensive and effective studying and memorizing assist the student in completing the learning program to the very end. Various tests exist to checking grammar, pronunciation, knowledge of tafseer and scientific facts. These are available for children, adults, and those doing both in-depth and express courses.
Unique techniques and tools allow you to monitor the results of each student and clearly see which disciplines need to be given more attention by the student. The educational progress table, numerous tests and electronic diaries are all time-efficient, as they mean you do not need to check each student’s progress manually to make an evaluation.