Radiopaedia’s mission is to create the best radiology reference the world has ever seen and to make it available for free, for ever, for all.
Case of the Day
Synovial chondromatosis
Contributed by Dr Juliana Tsuruta
This case illustrates a rare location of synovial chondromatosis, which is more commonly seen involving the knee.
What is Radiopaedia.org?
Radiopaedia is a rapidly growing open-edit educational radiology resource which has been primarily compiled by radiologists and radiology trainees from across the world. Our mission is to create the best radiology reference, and to make it available for free, forever. Find out more.
Feature sponsor
We are proud to announce that Advanced Radiology Services Foundation is our inaugural Feature Sponsor.
With their generous support over the coming 12 months, we will be carrying out substantial development of our case upload and display functionality. Find out more.
Impact
Since starting in 2005, Radiopaedia has grown to become one of the most important medical resources for literally millions of individuals from around the world, particularly those from low and middle-income regions who do not have access to traditional pay-wall resources. Find out stats and stories.
Your first edit
You can update (and write) articles on Radiopaedia. If you see a typo or missing link to an existing article, it's easy to make an edit as soon as you see it. The best way to start is to go to our Editing Radiopaedia Articles Learning Pathway.
Content types
Radiopaedia.org comprises two fundamental content types (articles and cases) and playlists (ordered collections of cases).
Articles
Articles are collaborative efforts to provide a single canonical page on any and all topics relevant to the practice of radiology. Every edit counts, so don't hesitate to jump in and share what you know. Find out more.
Cases
Exceptional cases and up-to-date articles are vital for Radiopaedia.org. Please consider helping by uploading your cases. There is no better way to show your appreciation for the site than by making it even more informative. Add cases by following the case publishing guidelines.
Playlists
Create and share playlists to help advance medical information around the globe. Curate focused playlists on specific topics for presentations to help other medical professionals teach radiology, or formulate quiz playlists to support medical students in their education. Find out more.
Editorial standards
The accuracy of Radiopaedia.org content is overseen by a dedicated group of volunteer editors who constantly review additions and changes to articles and cases, something that is facilitated by being spread around the globe through a variety of time zones.
Our editors also draw upon the knowledge of our expert advisers. Our expert advisers are known to not only be experts in their field and educators but to also support the radiology free open access medical education movement (#FOAMrad).
Support Radiopaedia.org
A Radiopaedia.org Supporter is someone who values what we are trying to accomplish, and is willing to help with small periodic financial contributions to help build:
- innovative educational features
- enhanced medical information in the radiology reference section
- enhanced teaching facilities such as new presentation and quiz features
- continuous improvement of the website
- accessibility of radiology information to medical professionals in developing countries
If you believe in Radiopaedia.org's mission to create the best possible radiology reference and teaching site and make it available to everyone, forever, for free, then please consider becoming a supporter.