"The amount of time Raken saves our guys really contributes to their quality of life... They can get in, get their daily reports done, and go see their families." Rich Delacy
Project Superintendent
Construction Daily Reports and Field Management
Get in. Get it done. Get home.
New
Introducing Production Tracking
Stay on schedule and on budget with digital production tracking. Document quantities of materials installed, track labor hours, automatically compare actual vs. budgeted progress, and see your percentage to completion all in one place.
Simple daily reports from the field.
With Raken, you spend less time producing reports and more time completing projects
Clear, valuable insights for the office
Stay on top of all of your projects with notifications, insights, and analytics on Raken's dashboard
Features built with you in mind
Quick and easy construction management with Raken's digital toolbox.
15 days. Free.
Try fifteen days of our most powerful plan and get access to features like Daily Reports, Toolbox Talks, Time Cards, Photo Management, and more.
Easy setup, No credit card required
Stories from the field
See how construction professionals put Raken to work on construction projects of all sizes.
"Raken and Egnyte save us a whole bunch of time and money, and that's the two keys of construction right now. Time and money." Igor Charsov, Senior Field Engineer
"Everyone's been very well adapted to Raken. Daily report compliance has gone up. It's easier, so a lot more foremen are using it." David Whitt, Project Engineer
What people are saying about Raken
It’s easy, and once your job and sub contractors are input in, the quick fill in the blanks for the remainder of the job makes it great because I just don’t have a lot of time to be stuck doing daily reports. Thanks Raken, keep it up
Great app for construction daily reporting. I can see who was on a job, how many hours they worked that day/week between projects, upload photos, it automatically uploads weather stats for the day... has made my life easier and gives a much cleaner and more thorough daily report than paper.
Raken is one of the best decisions we took in our company. By creating professional daily reports in just seconds, it saves more than 30% of time on our project Coordinators. And Customer Service is the best, they are always available and always follow up to make sure you are clear.
Our superintendents dreading writing out laborious daily reports. Raken makes field reporting far more efficient and allows our guys to spend more time doing what they need to do, to supervise and manage the work in the field.
It's a one-step process, as you walk the site you're creating your daily report. You don't have to go sit in your trailer at the end of your day. By the time your day is done you save the report, send it off, and it's all there.
I have been using Raken for about 2 years. I couldn't be happier with the ease of use, time savings, outstanding format and customer service. I highly recommend this to any contracting firm looking for a way to streamline their daily reports.
Level up your jobsite management
Try daily reporting with Raken for free