DJ Gets Shut Down for Playing Pusha-T at Drake’s Birthday Party
That’s that sh*t he don’t like. Drake wasn’t about to let his Pusha-T beef ruin his birthday. The 6 God turned up while celebrating his 33rd birthday with a star-studded party in Hollywood on... Read More
Kanye West Says He’s Done Performing His Old Music
Kanye West plans to hit the road ASAP, but don’t expect to hear your favorite songs. Sources close to the rapper tell TMZ that he’s “100% serious” that he will never perform his old... Read More
Eminem Disses Lord Jamar On Stage
Eminem’s beef with Lord Jamar continues. During his show in Abu Dhabi on Friday, Slim Shady took another shot at the Brand Nubian rapper, marking the latest round in their ongoing feud. “I had... Read More
Kanye West Says ‘Jesus Is King’ Tour Will Start ‘Right Away’
Kanye West is taking Jesus on the road. Just hours after the release of his gospel-rap album Jesus Is King, Ye has announced plans for a tour. While walking the streets of NYC with... Read More
The Game Announces ‘Born 2 Rap’ Release Date
Mark your calendars. After much anticipation, The Game has finally announced an official release date for his final album Born 2 Rap. Taking to Instagram, he revealed that the project will drop on Black... Read More
Drake Reflects on Personal Growth After Feeling Resented
Drake is grateful for all the love. On his 33rd birthday, the 6 God took to Instagram to reflect on the big day and his journey to finding inner peace. He revealed that for... Read More
Watch Tyga’s ‘Mamacita’ Video Featuring YG and Santana
Tyga heads South of the Border in the action-packed video for “Mamacita,” his new collaboration with YG and Santana. In the cinematic clip, directed by Tyga and Arrad, Tyga and YG take over a... Read More
JoJo Drops Single ‘Sabotage’ Single with CHIKA
After announcing her return with “Joanna,” JoJo keeps the momentum going with her soulful new single “Sabotage” featuring CHIKA. On the hip-hop-infused track, JoJo gets real about relationships. “Every time I think about me... Read More
Megan Thee Stallion Drops ‘Ride or Die’ Featuring VickeeLo
Megan Thee Stallion is back another hot one. The Houston hottie teams up with VickeeLo on “Ride or Die” off the upcoming Queen & Slim soundtrack. Over the trunk-rattling banger, Megan drives the boat.... Read More
Stream Kanye West’s New Album ‘Jesus Is King’
Praise Yeezus. After much anticipation and a series of delays, Kanye West’s long-awaited ninth solo album Jesus Is King is finally here. The gospel rap project, which follows last summer’s ye, was first announced... Read More
Dave East and Nas Team Up on ‘Godfather 4’
As he gears up to release his debut album Survival next month, Dave East drops “Godfather 4,” a collaboration with Nas. The introspective track finds the Harlem rapper and his mentor flowing over a... Read More
Tyga Drops ‘Mamacita’ featuring YG and Santana
After going gold with “Go Loko,” Tyga and YG are back with their next hit. The L.A. rappers link up once again on Tyga’s new single “Mamacita.” The Rvssian-produced track, which samples R&B group... Read More