Experience
Read Naturally Live
Start your students on the path to success with a FREE 60-day trial of Read Naturally Live.
Working Through
a Story
Follow along as a student works through the steps in Read Naturally Live!
Student Success
Stories
Students across the country are making great progress with Read Naturally!
Read Naturally's research-based reading interventions have helped millions of students become fluent readers and make solid gains in comprehension and vocabulary. Check out our transformative products — available for fluency, phonics, vocabulary, spelling, phonemic awareness, and assessment!
I believe in this program. I have seen students that were basically non-readers blossom into avid readers using this program. The students love it....they can't wait to get on Read Live!
I am very happy with this program. It helps teach comprehension, vocabulary and most of all confidence. My students are very engaged and love this program.
The students I worked with in a pull-out session showed improvement quickly. The language arts teacher recently said, "I have never used the program, but I know that it works because they all showed marked improvement! Please keep doing...
The daily use of Read Naturally has made ALL of my students improve in reading fluency, comprehension, and writing. I love that the passages are expository and cover grade-level topics. I've used this program for years and it never...
This program has dramatically increased the fluency, comprehension and writing abilities of my ELL students. Their MAP scores have risen as much as 15 points in a trimester. It provides great individualization.
I purchased this program to use with my small group intervention groups. I use it with 2nd and 3rd graders and they love it. Their accuracy has drastically improved as well as their confidence.
Read Naturally Live is a fantastic tool! It provides the structure needed for effective reading practice and growth using engaging non-fiction stories. My students love seeing their reading progress after following the repeat reading steps....
The Read Naturally Encore program has proven to be an excellent intervention for our below level students and ESL students BUT, has also provided a way to accelerate our already on level readers. The students are engaged as they read the...
I can't believe in the short amount of time we have used Read Naturally how much improvement our students are showing. It is a tremendous tool for struggling readers.
Please let us know what questions you have so we can assist. For Technical Support, please call us or submit a software support request.