How Our Financial Analysis Works
-
You input data into
online tables2 — 15 minutes
You input into ReadyRatios tables financial statement of your company, prepared according to IFRS or US GAAP rules:
— A statement of financial position (balance sheet) and
— A statement of comprehensive income (income statement).
Instead of manual input, your data can be uploaded in XBRL format.
-
ReadyRatios
analyses it instantly20 — 40 seconds
ReadyRatios online software produces a complete financial analysis of your statements: more than 40 ratios and indicators, unique conditional comments, tables, diagrams and summary.
See all ReadyRatios
analyst features
No financial knowledge is required. Our unique online financial analysis software performs this task!
-
You receive a detailed
analytical report2 — 5 seconds
You will effortlessly get a detailed report about the financial condition of your company without the investment of time.
You will not be able to tell this report from a professionally made human report!
Just view the sample report or try our financial analysis software yourself using sample data.
Our exclusive: Financial analysis and ranking of top listed companies
|Rank
|Company
|Revenue
($ millions)
|Financial position
and performance (2018)
|# 1
|Walmart Inc.
|514,405
|# 2
|Exxon Mobil Corporation
|279,332
|# 3
|Apple Inc.
|261,612
|# 4
|Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
|247,837
|# 5
|Amazon.com, Inc.
|232,887
|# 6
|UnitedHealth Group Incorporated
|226,247
|# 7
|McKesson Corporation
|213,518
|# 8
|CVS Health Corporation
|194,579
|# 9
|AmerisourceBergen Corporation
|172,866
|# 10
|AT&T Inc.
|170,756
Perfect IFRS Reporting with Our Tool (IFRT)
- Input numerical data
- Input text notes
- Make adjustment entries (if necessary)
- Get perfect IFRS reporting
- 1. IFRS reporting is comprised of hundreds of indexes. You will enter such data in a convenient-to-use tabular form. Indicators consistency in the reporting and notes thereto is ensured by the software.
- 2. IFRS reporting is not only limited to figures, but also includes multiple text notes. We have collected everything that you need to include in the reporting.
- 3. In order to adjust the finalized reporting it is possible to make adjustment entries. Entries are made intuitively, similarly to accounting programs (Debit-Credit). Software automatically records entries to all international reporting forms.
- 4. As a result, you have ready international reporting, 100% compliant with IFRS requirements. If you fill out statements in the national currency and would like to have it in any other currency (for instance, US Dollars or Euro), you only need to enter exchange rate, while IFRT will automatically compute exchange differences and accurately display them in the statements.
Professional
Our statements are fully compliant with international standards. It is the fullest and most accurate set of reporting forms, verified against IASB adopted standards and IFRS Taxonomy. It may be
used as a checklist to verify the statements
that you already have.
Saves time
The software enables to create high quality IFRS reporting much faster than it usually takes to make it with Excel. You can enter data randomly (for instance, first you may enter the sum and then its components).
More convenient than Excel
The software was created specifically for IFRS reporting. Information input is convenient and intuitive: you immediately see permitted errors and discrepancies.Try it now
For whom it will be helpful?
International Financial Reporting Tool is a crucial tool for the companies of any scale and types of activities, from small firms to transnational corporations, which are willing to make their reporting in full compliance with IFRS requirements.
IFRS Disclosure Guide
What is it?
IFRS Disclosure Guide (DG) is the reference book comprising all items which should be disclosed according to International Financial Reporting Standards. Our disclosure guide is composed from IFRS taxonomy which is officially presented by International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).
Who needs it?
IFRS DG is the indispensable information source for everyone who makes or audits IFRS statements. It's almost impossible to prepare IFRS compliant statements without our guide! It's also essential knowledge source for students. IFRS DG is our contribution to improving IFRS statements worldwide.
Use it for free!
No registration required! View IFRS Disclosure Guide. See also US GAAP Disclosure
Latest News
- October 14, 2019 Leading UK Furniture Business Collapses into Administration Triumph Furniture Ltd, one of the largest manufacturers of furniture in the UK, has collapsed after an unprecedented drop in sales over the last few weeks. The furniture company, with bases in Dowlais amd Merthyr ...
- October 14, 2019 ICAEW Signs MoU with ICAI Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales (ICAEW) and the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) have signed an agreement for establishing a pathway for their members to become members of both ...
- September 13, 2019 ReadyRatios introduced listed companies' financial analysis and benchmarking We have launched a unique FREE catalog with accounting statements and financial analysis of 10000 SEC listed companies - https://www.readyratios.com/sec/. We have created comparison financial analysis for each company so ...
- July 26, 2019 Companies House Updates the Penalty Appeal Proceess for Late Filing Companies House has made changes to the process related with assessing penalty appeals from businesses for late filling of financial records. These changes will come into effect from October 1, 2019. The ...
- June 28, 2019 AJ BELL Replaces KPMG with BDO as its New External Auditor FTSE 250 Firm AJ Bell has appointed BDO as its new external auditor for the financial year ending September 30, 2020 replacing the big four firm KPMG after remaining in the said position for last 10 years. AJ Bell has ...
Now financial analysis is amazingly easy to do using our financial analysis software. Just input your financial statement (balance sheet & profit and loss statement) and receive ready financial analysis report (including current ratio, debt ratio, profitability ratios, liquidity ratio, etc.)
Start free ReadyRatios
start online
financial analysis now!
No registration required! But if you signed up extra ReadyRatios features will be available.
|Like?
Most WantedFinancial Terms
- Most Important Financial Ratios
- Debt-to-Equity Ratio
- Financial Leverage
- Interest Coverage Ratio (ICR)
- Current Ratio
- Break-even Point
- Solvency Ratio
- Debt Service Coverage Ratio
- Receivable Turnover Ratio
- Accounts Payable Turnover Ratio
Have 10 minutes to relax?Play our unique
«Balance» game
Play The Game