Reading Rewards is the industry-leading online reading log & reading incentive program used by hundreds of thousands of children, teens, parents, teachers, and librarians worldwide.
Getting Teens & Kids Reading Every Day
Kids, Teens & Reading Rewards
KIDS’ READING LOG
Reading Log for Kids & Teens
Kids log their reading, browse & add new books to their library and wish list, write reviews, and much more.
Find out More
Reading Rewards
If their parents or teachers set up rewards for them, kids can trade in their RR “miles” & start collecting!
Find out More
Reading Circle
Kids can check in with classmates and other friends, see their favourite reads, read their reviews, and more.
Find out More
OVERVIEW OF READING REWARDS FOR KIDS & TEENS
Parents & Reading Rewards
GET TEENS & KIDS READING
Parents understand the importance of reading and literacy in determining their children’s future success. But the appeal of computers, televisions and games consoles often outweighs that of quiet time spent reading.
Our reading program is a fun way to get kids reading:
Get notified when your kids log reading time, and validate the reading.
Get great book recommendations based on what your kids’ peers are readings
Create fun little rewards that your kids can earn by reading.
Teachers, Librarians & Reading Rewards
GET TEENS & KIDS READING
Reading Rewards is a powerful reading log and reading incentive program that will get your students excited about reading, while it saves you time.
An essential add-on to your teaching toolkit, Reading Rewards is jam-packed with powerful functionality to help teachers get their students reading. Here are just a few:
Assign reading to students based on their names and gender
Monitor students’ reading logs, validated by parents
Create fun reading incentives that your students can earn as they read
Keep your students motivated by throwing classroom and school-wide reading challenges.
For an in-depth look at everything Reading Rewards has to offer, you please visit our Reading Program Overview.
Three Reading Rewards Plans for You to Choose From
The Basic PlanChock-full of features for teachers and librarians.
FREE!
A great introduction to the Reading Rewards program for teachers with up to 70 students.
The Premium PlanBasic features PLUS quizzing, custom badges, commenting on logs & reviews, and more.
Starts at $80/Year per teacher
Add a new level of interactivity to the reading program and a focus on reading comprehension.
The School PlanPremium features PLUS reading challenges, School Lobby, and shared resources.
Starts at $550/Year (5 Teachers)
Take the power of Reading Rewards to new levels and promote a reading culture with school-wide integration.