What is Real Statistics Using Excel?
Real Statistics Using Excel is a practical guide for how to do statistical analysis in Excel plus free statistics software which extends Excel’s built-in statistical capabilities so that you can more easily perform a wide variety of statistical analyses in Excel.
What does Real Statistics Using Excel consist of?
Real Statistics Using Excel is comprised of the following four components:
Real Statistics Resource Pack: an Excel add-in which extends Excel’s standard statistics capabilities by providing you with advanced worksheet functions and data analysis tools so that you can more easily perform a wide variety of practical statistical analyses. This software supports Excel 2007, 2010, 2013, 2016 and 2019 for Windows and Excel 2011, 2016 and 2019 for the Mac. There is also limited support for Excel 2002 and 2003.
Real Statistics Website (i.e. this site):
- Lets you download a free copy of the Real Statistics Resource Pack
- Provides descriptions of how to perform a variety of statistical analyses using built-in Excel capabilities as well as supplemental capabilities provided by the Real Statistics Resource Pack
- Presents numerous examples in the form of Excel worksheets which you can download to your computer
For the student and the novice, the Real Statistics website is an excellent tutorial for learning the basic concepts of statistics and how to do statistical analysis. For all users, it provides a step-by-step guide for how to do statistical analysis in the Excel environment and the tools necessary to carry out these analyses.
Real Statistics Examples Workbooks: five Excel files which contain all the examples contained on the website. These examples files can be downloaded for free. Each example focuses on a specific statistical concept and has been designed to demonstrate simple concepts before moving on to more complicated topics.
You can use this website to learn how to perform statistical analyses in Excel even without using the Real Statistics Resource Pack, but we recommend that you download the resource pack so that you can have access to its powerful capabilities.
Real Statistics Community: each webpage has a Comments section where you can make suggestions, identify errors, or ask questions to others in the community or request their advice.
How do I get started?
Step 1: If you elect to use the Real Statistics Resource Pack or would like a copy of the examples used throughout the website, click on the following icon and you will be given the opportunity to download and install for free the Real Statistics Resource Pack and/or the Examples Workbook.
Once you have downloaded and installed the Real Statistics Resource Pack, you will be able use the supplemental capabilities from the copy of Excel that you run on your computer as described throughout the rest of the website and summarized in Real Statistics Functions, Real Statistics Multivariate Functions, Time Series Analysis Functions, Missing Data Functions, and Real Statistics Data Analysis Tools.
If you choose not to download the resource pack or examples now, you can do so later at any time.
Step 2: Browse through the website to to learn how to perform a wide range of statistical analyses in Excel using standard built-in as well as supplemental capabilities. We suggest that you begin by clicking on the Website Introduction (and especially Organization of the Website) for further information about how to navigate the website to get the information you need to run any specific statistical test or learn about any particular topic.
Why do statistical analysis in Excel?
The reasons for choosing Excel are as follows:
- It is widely available and so many more people know how to use it
- It is not necessary to incur the cost of yet another tool
- It is not necessary to learn new methods of manipulating data and drawing graphs
- It already contains some basic statistics functions and data analysis tools
- It is much easier to see what is going on since unlike the more popular statistical analysis tools very little is hidden from the user
- It provides the user with a lot of control and flexibility
This makes Excel an ideal tool for learning statistical concepts and performing some basic statistical analyses, but unfortunately its built-in statistics capabilities are limited, and so it is often easier to use statistical tools such as SPSS or SAS for carrying out more advanced statistical analyses.
It is to address Excel’s shortcomings that we have created the Real Statistics Resource Pack. This software package contains various supplemental tools that enable you to carry out a wide range of advanced statistical analyses without leaving the Excel environment. You can download the Real Statistics Resource Pack free of charge from this website (as described above).
Who do I need to use 13 judges to rank 32 scaled items in KCC
See Intraclass Correlation
Charles
How do I determine the number of raters or judges to rate my 52 identified variables. Any standard required in the choice of numbers of judges to rank the variables
Hello Cordy,
I haven’t tackled this issue yet, but will do so soon. In the meantime, here is an article that might be helpful:
https://www.researchgate.net/post/How_to_compute_a_sample_size_based_on_an_ICC_Intra-class_correlation
Charles
Charles,
I’m having difficulty with the most recent version of Real Statistics. After deleting the prior version and installing the most recent, I have to restart Real Statistics each time I restart Excel. I need to go to Files->Options->Add-ins and uncheck the Real Statistics box; then go back through Files->Options->Add-ins and check the box. Do you have any idea what the difficulty might be? Thanks.
Brian
Hi Brian,
Do you need to go through this procedure in order (1) to get Real Statistics to show up on the ribbon or (2) to get Ctrl-m to work. If (1), then try using the key sequence Ctrl-Shft-m instead.
Charles
Charles,
Thanks for the reply. Ctrl-m is the problem.
Brian
Issue solved. Thanks for the help, Charles.
Hello Charles,
I’m having the same issue. I have to uncheck then recheck the Real Statistics box to get it to show in the ‘Add-ins’ tab and to get ctrl-m and shift-ctrl-m to work. I have to do this each time I open a new spreadsheet. I’m running Windows 10 Pro 64-bit and Excel for Office 365 MSO (16.0.11328.20418) 32-bit.
In any case, Thank You for this great add-in.
Ron
Hello Ron,
I don’t yet have a solution beyond what I have already published (namely rename the file XRealstats.xlam).
Charles
Charles,
I hope all is well
I wish to compare quantitative exam scores for two groups. Group 1 and Group 2 are pre-calculus courses that are taught with a common syllabus and have a common final exam with a grading rubric. The only difference is that both groups used different teaching resources. Group 1 (N=116) used the traditional costly textbook and homework software, while Group 2 (N=21) used Open Education Resources – OER). I want to also mention that GR1 data is a total of 4 courses / 4 different instructors. GR2 data is from just one instructor who was exploring the use of OER.
Both GR1 and GR2 data are approximately normally distributed so a T test was done. The results from the T test (P>.05) indicated that there is no significant difference letting me know that both groups can attain the same level of achievement on the final.
While those results do mimic what research is saying about the comparison of these two settings, I wanted to also see if there would be a difference found in the settings if I compared each course in GR1 to GR2. That is comparing GR1/Instructor 1 exam scores to GR2, GR1/Instructor 2 exam scores to GR2, GR1/Instructor 3 exam scores to GR2 and GR1/Instructor 4 exam scores to GR2.
It turns out that 3 of the exam distributions in GR1 were approximately normal while one not normal. I ran a t-test for the 3 normal settings compared with GR2. The results indicated that two of the settings found no difference (P>.05), and one found a significant difference (P<.05). As for the one course that is not normal (N=27), which test should I use to compare the settings with GR2 (n=21 – approx. normal data)? I was thinking to use the Mann U Whitley, however, I am not sure if the distributions have to be the same (normal/normal OR not-normal/not normal). I need your help with this.
I also want to know if it’s OK for me just to go with only reporting in my study results the outcome of the first T test I ran with GR1 (N=116) vs GR2(N=21) that found no difference in the settings,..and not reporting the last results I found when I compared each individual course separately to GR2.
Thanks in advance for your help!
Hi Tonya,
1. Since you are performing 4 follow-up tests, you need to take family-wise error into account. The most common approach is to use a Bonferroni correction and use alpha = .05/4 = .0125 as the significance level. There are other choices. See the following webpage:
Dealing with Family-wise Error
2. Mann-Whitney is the appropriate test to use for the one case where the data is not normally distributed. If the data is reasonably symmetric you can probably even get away with using the t test
3. In my opinion you should report both results.
Charles
Thank you so much!!! I really appreciate your feedback.
God bless you!
Good day Charles, can you please give me clear explanation on the meaning of shape and scale parameter?
For which distribution?
Charles
Can this work with Google Sheets?
Sorry, but no, it doesn’t work with Google Sheets.
Charles
Hello Charles,
First of all, thanks for this great tool. I eager to use it on my clases. I am looking for your support on how can use excel program o Real Statistic to weight data (for expample the ones that came with weight on the same variables). I have done this on SPSS with de comand weight by “factor” but dont´know how to do it on Excel. Many thanks.
Hello Virna,
I don’t use SPSS and so not familiar with this weight capability that you are referring to.
Charles
Neat tool when it works. It frequently disappears from the menu bar. And the latest sweet trick, even though I have the file in the correct roaming directory, solver is checked, etc..it refuses to appear in the menu bar at all now.
You can always use Ctrl-m to access the data analysis tools.
Are you saying that using the key sequence Ctrl-Shft-m doesn’t cause RealStats to appear on the Add-ins ribbon?
Charles
I am just a beginner for using excel and statistics. But what I have seen on this website so far makes me very happy. Everything is in a way so structured that i can start immediately with the topics. I’m interested why you developed this website. Is it from an philanthropic attitude or is there an invisible sponsor ? I am very thankful for all this work you have done…..
Hello Eric,
I am very pleased that you like the website.
As I recount at http://www.real-statistics.com/appendix/author/, I started the website so that I could perform statistical analyses for my wife’s research. I continued to develop and expand the website based on two motivations: to give something back to society and to continue to learn and interact with people around the world. I have had a lot of fun doing this and have found the activity to be quite rewarding. There is no invisible sponsor.
Charles
Hi Charles,
First of all, kudos to you! This is a very helpful tool especially for beginners.
I tried downloading the file but I can’t seem to install it after multiple attempts. The RealStat doesn’t appear in the AddIns.
What do I do?
Thanks!
Hello Liza,
What do you see when you enter the formula =VER() in any cell?
What do you see when you press the key sequence Ctrl-m ?
Are you using the Windows or Mac version of Excel? Which Excel are you using (Excel 2010, 2016, 365, etc.)?
Charles
Hi Charles
I am doing a multiple regression analysis, for 5 independent variables and one dependent, along 14 years. So each variable has 14 readings.
I have learnt that the sample size should be 30 at least to give called results . in my case , does it mean I have 70 points (readings) or only 14?.
In other words 30 for each variable or all the variabls as a whole?
Hello Neveen,
Hard for me to say since I don’t know how the number 30 was calculated, but it probably means that you have 5 x 30 = 150 data points.
See the following webpage for how to calculate the sample size requirement.
http://www.real-statistics.com/multiple-regression/statistical-power-sample-size-multiple-regression/
Charles
I don’t see logistic regression in the tool. I’m a mac user and I opened the tool using ctrl+M. I don’t see it in the regression tab also. Can anyone help me identify? I need help in Linear probability model as well as Logistic regression model.
Hello Moses,
It is called Binary Logistic and Probit Regression.
I don’t know what you mean by a Linear probability model.
Charles
Hello Charles. I would like to know if you have already created a function that calculates the cummulative probability of a bivariate normal distribution.
In the standard Excel (without the Real Stats Add in), it is already possible to calculate the cummulative normal distribution by using the following function:
=dist.norm.n()
I would really like to use a similar function for the bivariate normal distribution.
Thank you very much for the Real Stats. It has helped me a lot already. In the future, I would like to provide open access solutions as well, if I have the opportunity.
See the following two webpages:
http://www.real-statistics.com/multivariate-statistics/multivariate-normal-distribution/multivariate-normal-distribution-basic-concepts/
http://www.real-statistics.com/multivariate-statistics/multivariate-normal-distribution/multivariate-normality-functions/
Charles
Hi Charles,
Thanks for all the great information. I have a question. I have N attributes, such as N different features of a product and I have two groups of experts who rank these attributes from 1 to N. Also, the number of experts in each group is different. For example, I have 10 in G1 and 15 in G2. So, each one rank the attributes and then I got mean for each attribute for the experts in each group. So, now I have two different ranking (that is in fact the mean of ranking for experts in each group) for these attributes.
Which test I can use to tell me if their ranking is different? In other words, I want to know if these two groups of experts have a significant opinion about these attributes.
Can I use Excel to perform that test?
Thanks much in advance for your guide.
Hello Sara,
If I understand correctly, after taking the means of the rankings, you will have N mean rankings in group G1 and N mean rankings in group G2. This means that you are comparing two vectors each with N elements. This means that you essentially have two samples of size 1. I don’t know of a test which will compare samples of size one.
Charles
Thanks for wonderful and great work. I must confess I really benefitted from your work.
Sir, I want to ask is there anyway I can make the realstatistics soft permanent on my excel, I had to re-add everytime the need arise. Thank you as I await your response
Hello Yusuf,
If you follow the installation instructions at http://www.real-statistics.com/free-download/real-statistics-resource-pack/ then Real Statistics should be available every time you open Excel. It is important that you follow the installation instructions and not double click on the file containing the software.
Charles
Hi Charles , i am looking for your support how can use excel program to estimate the margin cost in Lerner Index , it is regarded as the mark up of price over marginal cost and is a measure of the degree of market power. In other words, a ‘smooth’ measure of the magnitude that price exceeds marginal cost, and is calculated as:
〖Lerner〗_it=(P_it-〖MC〗_it)/P_it
Where P_itis the price of total assets for bank i at time t, and 〖MC〗_it is the marginal cost of total assets. The resultant Lerner for each country is averaged over the period under analysis for bank i at time t (Berger et al, 2009). 〖MC〗_it is not directly recognizable for a specific organization, hence are estimated using bounds of a total cost function from the organizations data and obtaining the marginal cost from the subsequent translong cost function:
〖LnCost〗_it=β_0+β_1 LnQ_it+β_2/2 Ln〖Q_it〗^2+∑_(k=1)^3▒γ_kt lnW_(k,it)+∑_(k=1)^3▒∅_kt LnQ_it lnW_(k,it)+∑_(k=1)^3▒〖∑_(j=1)^3▒Ln W_(k,it) 〗 lnW_(j,it)+ ε_it
Hello Hossam,
I am not familiar with Lerner’s index. Perhaps someone else in the Real Statistics community can respond to your question.
Charles
Thanks for your quick response , could you provide with any references i can revert & check with them .
regards
Hello Hossam,
Sorry, but I am not familiar with Lerner’s Index and so I don’t know what reference to use.
Charles
I have found using Excel to be a nightmare for most things. Probably my lack of attention to tutorials. I am going to follow the instructions here and see how I go.
Thank you.