#1
#1 Selling Real Estate WordPress Theme
Just for $59 with Lifetime Free Updates!
Modern Design New
Classic Design
Single Property Variations
Check out few of the available single property design variations.
Modern - Agent in Sidebar
Modern - Full Width
Modern - Gallery With Thumbs
Classic - Default
Classic - Agent in Sidebar
Classic - Gallery Variation
IDX Support to Integrate your MLS
Using iHomefinder Optima Express.
Using - Optima Express
iHomeFinder Optima Express - Classic
iHomeFinder Optima Express - Modern
Various Other Features
Check out few of many other features included in Real Homes theme.
Easy to Use Meta Boxes
Real Homes provides a rich set of meta boxes that are super easy to use. The goal of these meta boxes is to make it easier for you to add and modify a property.
Additional Details
Real Homes provides an easy to use interface to add/modify/remove additional details related to a property. This feature can be used in many ways especially to add a certain type of information for which there is no other meta box available.
Floor Plans
You can add floor plans related to a property using an easy to use interface provided on property edit page on admin-side. The information provided about floor plans will be displayed on property detail page.
Property Attachments
You can provide various types of files ( pdf, office documents, images etc ) as attachments to a property. Related icons and links will later on be displayed on property detail page.
Similar Properties
Real Homes theme provides similar properties module on property detail page which displays properties similar to current property.
Sub Properties
Real Homes theme provides a sub properties module on property detail page to display any sub/child properties ( like apartments in a building ). Each child property works as a full property independently.
Properties Filter Settings
Real Homes provides properties filter meta boxes for properties template, you can use these settings to display properties based on your own choice of location, type, status, beds, baths, price, agent or any combination of these.
Favorite Properites
A visitor can add properties to his favorites collection, So that he can visit his/her favorites properties later on. Visitor do not need to login to use this feature as if he/she is not logged in then the favorite properties information is stored in cookies. But if the user is logged in then this information is stored in database as user meta.
Compare Properties
Real Homes theme includes compare properties feature that allow your website visitor to add properties to a compare pool and later on compare those properties side by side. Visitor do not need to login to use this feature.
Agents Template
Real Homes provide agents template to list all agents on one page with related contact details.
Properties Gallery
Real Homes provides multiple templates to display your properties in the form of a gallery. Each template contains a quick filter based on property statuses.
Custom Widgets
Real Homes theme provides various custom widgets like Advance properties search widget, Feature properties widget, Featured properties related to a particular agent and property types widget.
Filterable FAQs Support
Real Homes theme provides FAQs support using Quick and Easy FAQs plugin developed by Inspiry Themes. So you can add FAQs to your website and even make them filterable.
Social Login Using Any Social Network
Real Homes comes with simple login and registration features from start but Social Login feature was introduced in version 2.6.1 and allow you to integrate any social network with your website for this purpose. Consult the related section in documentation for more details.
Front End - Property Submit
This theme provides front end property submit template and related configurations. So you can restrict certain level of users from accessing administrator dashboard and provide them an interface on front end to submit properties. Later on website administrator can review and publish the submitted properties. You can also configure the settings to auto publish a property as soon the user pays a certain fee.
Front End - My Properties
Real Homes theme provides a template to display properties related to current user on front end. This template can be used to preview property, edit property, make a payment for property or even removing a property. A user can pay through paypal to get his submitted property published. Payment feature can be enabled or disabled from customizer settings.
Front End - Edit Profile
Real Homes theme provides a front end profile edit page. This page enables a user to edit his profile information without going to dashboard.
Testimonials
Real Homes theme provides Testimonials support using Quick and Easy Testimonials plugin developed by Inspiry Themes. So you can add Testimonials to your website using easy to use shortcode.
Kaj Jensen
This is one awesome theme easy to customize, very stable and quick. Many good functionalities included and constantly upgraded. I can only recommend this to anyone looking for a theme easy to work with full of features and very easy to customize.
Integrations
Check out few of the supported integrations with Real Homes.
Elementor
RealHomes provide Elementor support and includes many real estate widgets that you can use to build custom pages based on Elementor page builder. RealHomes also includes pre built Elementor based demo import that you can use to quickly get started on your project.
Revolution Slider
RealHomes provide Revolution Slider plugin as part of its main downloadable package ( All files & Documentation ) from themeforest. Please note that this plugin is not required because default properties slider options are already in-built within RealHomes theme but you can use this to create sliders of your choice.
WPML Compatible
If you are planning to build a multi language real estate website then WPML is the answer for you as Real Homes theme is compatible with WPML. This theme is also translation ready and you can translate it to any one language ( LTR or RTL ) without the need of a plugin.
Google reCAPTCHA
Spam prevention is super important and Real Homes includes Google reCAPTCHA API support for all kind of forms throughout the theme to make your life spam free.
Testimonials
Trusted by 18,500+ happy customers and this is what they’re saying...
Awesome!!! Best theme for Real Estate. I am very recommended Real Homes theme! Beautiful design, clean code, working perfect on RTL, great optimization for SEO, A wide range of functions and elements in real estate field and much more... The support for this theme are professional and all the time are happy to help. Thank You Very Much!!!
Fantastic customer support. If I had any issues or even wanted to customize it a bit, understanding that it might be a little out of scope for support, they still did everything they could to make sure I was able to produce the look and feel that I wanted. Love the Real Homes WordPress theme. Thanks again InspiryThemes!
Ease of Use
Real Homes includes following basic features to make it easy for you to use it.
One Click Demo Import
Real Homes theme includes one click demo import feature to help you quickly setup your site like the theme demo and learn many things by simply observing how those are done on demo imported site.
Detailed Documentation
Easy to understand and comprehensive documentation is included in Real Homes package and it is also available online for easy access. Real Homes documentation will guide you through all the stages of configuring this theme and to prepare your website for success.
Awesome Support
We have dedicated support staff to help our customers. After purchase, You can signup to our support website and ask your question over there.