Editors
Designers
Publicists
Marketers
Ghostwriters
Web designers
Select a service to learn more
The romantic myth of an author sitting alone in their room and emerging with a finished book is just that: a myth. Writing is a tough skill to master, and even the most talented writers need the help of a good editor. Whether you’re looking for professional feedback on your draft, a proper writing coach, or simply a last pair of eyes on your manuscript, you’ll find the world’s most experienced editors on Reedsy. Learn more.
Lucky for you, the best professionals are already on Reedsy! Sign up today to come and meet them.
Philadelphia, PA, USA
Vancouver, BC, Canada
Glasgow, UK
Branford, CT, USA
All the effort you put into writing your book will be for nothing if readers flee from it as soon as they see the cover, or if they find it full of formatting errors. Designing a book is as tough to master as writing it, so do yourself a favor and entrust your cover and layout design to a professional who knows how to express the theme and tone of your book in a split-second. Learn more.
Lucky for you, the best professionals are already on Reedsy! Sign up today to come and meet them.
Vancouver, BC, Canada
Riga, Latvia
Manchester, UK
New York, NY, United States
Are you ready to let the world know about your book? Then it’s time to secure some media coverage. Whether you’re looking for reviews from trusted outlets, coverage in the press, or you just want put together a “blog tour”, let a Reedsy publicist give you a hand! They’ll bring years of experience and an unrivalled network of media and influencer connections. Learn more.
Lucky for you, the best professionals are already on Reedsy! Sign up today to come and meet them.
Brighton, United Kingdom
New York, NY, USA
Portland, United States
Whether you like it or not, marketing is an integral part of your job as an author. But that doesn’t mean you can’t get someone to coach you through it! Marketing is a skill, and if you are to learn it you might as well do so by working with a seasoned book marketer. Let them work up a proper marketing plan, set up your advertising campaigns, or fix up your metadata! Learn more.
Lucky for you, the best professionals are already on Reedsy! Sign up today to come and meet them.
Chapel Hill, NC, USA
Atlanta, GA, United States
San Francisco, CA, USA
New York, NY, United States
If you have this incredible story for a book, but feel you don’t have the skills to put it to paper… who you gonna call? That’s right, a Reedsy ghostwriter! They’ll be able to put together a compelling book proposal to pitch your idea to agents and publishers, and then capture your voice to tell your story the exact way you want it told. Learn more.
Lucky for you, the best professionals are already on Reedsy! Sign up today to come and meet them.
Lynchburg, United States
New York, NY, USA
San Jose, CA, United States
Rochester, NY, United States
A well-designed author website is more than just a fancy way to show that you’ve made it as a writer. It’s an indispensable hub to showcase all your books, attract new newsletter subscribers, and engage your fans. So if you don’t want your readers to see you as an amateur, you better hire a professional web designer to put your site together! Learn more.
Lucky for you, the best professionals are already on Reedsy! Sign up today to come and meet them.
Huddersfield, UK
Rochester, NY, United States
Doncaster, United Kingdom
Put pen to paper and learn what it takes to write a novel in this free course.
How do you self-publish in 2018? Enroll on the Self-Pub 101 course to find out.
Sell more books with a free book marketing course on ReedsyLearning.
Connect with handpicked professionals who have worked on bestselling books for top publishers.
Search by service, genre or keyword to create a shortlist in seconds. If you need assistance, our team can recommend the right people for your project.
Each professional has a thorough Reedsy profile that details their previous work experience and showcases their portfolio.
Review quotes, share files, exchange messages, and manage payments all from one safe place.
Work smarter with these great collaborative features.
coming soon