In 2013, Ang Lee was at the top his game—a two-time Oscar winner (2005’s Brokeback Mountain and 2012’s Life of Pi) with a slew of additional top-notch films to his credit, including Eat Drink Man Woman, Sense and Sensibility, and Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon.
James Bond fans had two 007 movies to choose from in 1983 - Roger Moore's "Octopussy" and Sean Connery's "Never Say Never Again," which was made by a rival studio after a long legal battle.
Continuing his Halloween prep by indulging in horror movies, Benjamin Cox delves into this recent chiller that wowed critics and audiences alike with its mix of tension, fear and horrible silence. Well, mostly...
There have been many bad chefs in the nearly two decades of Gordon Ramsay's show Hell's Kitchen. Here are five of the worst of the worst.
Hundreds of actresses were considered for the role of Scarlett O'Hara as producers wanted a believable Gone With The Wind movie cast. Here are eight actresses from Hollywood's golden years who tried.
Ten years ago, as I was just starting out on my journey (notice I didn’t say “career”) as a movie critic, one of the first movies I reviewed was Ruben Fleischer’s genre mash-up Zombieland. At the time I gave it four and a half stars, praised it as “one of the year’s most truly entertaining ...
This is a non-spoiler review of "Yoga Hosers" starring Lily-Rose Depp, Harley Quinn Smith, Johnny Depp, and more!
Thus is a non-spoiler review of “The Open House” starring Dylan Minnette, Piercey Dalton, Patricia Bethune, and more!
Halloween is the most Halloween that Halloween has ever Halloweened and I love Halloween, so let us Halloween this list of Halloween movies to determine what Halloween is the most Halloween out of the whole Halloween bunch... These are the best Halloween films of all time!
A must-read, complete list of the cutest, most popular, and talented male teen idols from the 1970s, loaded with biographical facts, trivia, photos, and video.
Shutter Island is an amazing movie. If you have watched it, it's only fitting that you are looking for some more movies like it. I have got you covered with this ultimate list.
Leroy Daniels was a real shoeshine man on the streets of Los Angeles when he danced with Fred Astaire in the MGM movie, “The Band Wagon.”
This is a non-spoiler review of “Hush” starring Kate Siegel, John Gallagher Jr., Michael Trucco, and more!
During the Golden Age, Hollywood actors were basically considered the property of major film studios, making this era a living hell for its most glamorous stars.