More news
Vintage Machines brings sounds of 8 iconic drum machines processing through analog gear
VST Buzz has launched its Vault series sample library Vintage Machines, a collection of sounds from 8 iconic vintage drum machines that feature both...
Loopmasters releases Landscapes, Yvan Genkins Swing Tech House & Latin Afro 2
Loopmasters has released its new sample pack Landscapes Vol. 1, an expansive and cinematic selection of futuristic sci-fi soundscapes with a heavily technical sonic...
Afro Ethnic Deep Tech brings hypnotic rhythms of the ubiquitous tribal drum
5Pin Media has launched its new sample library Afro Ethnic Deep Tech, a collection designed for producers of Deep Tech and House looking to...
Drum & Bass Stratosphere by Singomakers brings sounds of atmospheric & liquid DnB
Singomakers has launched its new sample pack Drum & Bass Stratosphere, a collection of loops and samples geared towards atmospheric and liquid drum and...
Glitchedtones releases Dark Ambient & Fright Night for Serum and Cthulhu
Glitchedtones has launched Dark Ambient for Serum & Cthulhu, a go-to resource for all things moody and atmospheric. The pack includes 60 Serum presets, 20...
Save 40% on Krotos Dehumaniser Simple Monsters vocal processing plugin
Plugin Boutique has launched an exclusive 40% discount deal on Dehumaniser Simple Monsters, a powerful vocal processing tool perfect for a range of vocal...
Resonance Sound launches Halloween Sale with 50% OFF sound packs
Resonance Sound has announced the launch of its 2019 Halloween Sale, offering a 50% discount on selected products for a limited time. Halloween Sale is...
News archive
ProducerSpot Halloween Sale: Get 40% off sample packs & synth presets
ProducerSpot has launched a Halloween Sale with a 40% discount on hundreds of sample packs and synth preset collections. The sale includes titles from partner...
Get 50% off Dronar World Flutes for Kontakt this weekend at Time+Space
Time+Space has announced a sale on the Dronar World Flutes instrument library for Kontakt by Gothic Instruments. "You can't help but hear the connection to...
Noisebud releases Leaky2 effect plugin (VST/AU)
Noisebud has announced the release of Leaky2, an audio effect plugin that allows let you to leak, move or replace part of the spectrum...
BBC Symphony Orchestra virtual instrument now available at Spitfire Audio
Spitfire Audio has announced availability of BBC Symphony Orchestra, an essential orchestral package in partnership with BBC Studios and in close collaboration with one...
Flutter Vol. 1 for LFO Tool & Serum by Aubit Sound on sale for...
ADSR Sound has launched a sale on the Flutter Vol. 1 sound pack by Aubit Sound, a collection of presets for Xfer Records LFO...
Ghosthack Halloween Sale: Save up to 97% on sample packs and synth presets
Ghosthack has launched a Halloween Sale, offering discounts of up to 97% off regular on selected sample packs and synth preset collections. The Spooky Season...
A Sound Effect gives away huge Sound Success Guide for free
How do you build a career in sound? It's not easy, but to help make it happen, A Sound Effect is giving away the...
Multipass multiband effect plugin $49 USD at Kilohearts!
Kilohearts has launched a sale on Multipass, offering a 50% discount on the multi-band effect plugin and snapin host. The plugin features a band splitter...
ERA 4 Voice Leveler plugin by Accusonus on sale for $9 USD!
Accusonus has launched a sale on its ERA Voice Leveler, offering 85% off regular on the plugin that lets you even out distracting volume...
Tracklib uses artificial intelligence to find perfect loops to sample in every song
Tracklib, the one-stop service for sample licensing, is introducing a ground-breaking new feature on its platform: Tracklib Loops. It’s part of a larger plan...
Industrial Strength launches Neurofunk soundset for NI Massive X
Industrial Strength Samples has released Massive X: Neurofunk, a sound pack featuring a collection of 60 patches for Native Instruments Massive X by Gancher...
eBass electric bass collection for Studio One FREE for limited time
e-instruments has announced that it is offering the eBass complete collection of electric basses for Studio One as a free download for a limited...
Auto-Tune Synergy brings iconic Antares pitch correction software to Antelope Audio
Antelope Audio has welcomed Antares Audio Technologies to its recently-announced Synergy Core signal processing platform. Synergy Core combines the phenomenal parallel computational capabilities of FPGA...
W.A. Production launches Vocal Splitter effect plugin at 70% intro discount
W.A. Production has released its new audio effect plugin Vocal Splitter, a tool designed to turn mono vocals into thick, modern-sounding stereo. For decades, audio...
Loopmasters Halloween Sale: Get 50% off thousands of sample packs
Loopmasters has announced the launch of its 2019 Halloween Sale, offering 50% off on thousands of titles from Loopmasters and its partner labels. From now...