Secure remote access to your office or home computer.
One user license,
access 10 computers
Add users within your account and organize them into groups.
Unlimited user licenses,
access 50 computers
Invite users, set roles, group computers and provide remote deployment.
Unlimited user licenses,
access 100 computers
Web-based high performance remote support solution for Businesses and MSPs.
Unlimited technicians,
access unlimited computers
Offer real-time remote support beyond the screen via live video sharing with augmented reality.
Vision is now available as a FREE add-on with all RemotePC plansGet Started Today!
RemotePC helps you to...
Stay connected with your home or office computer, without actually commuting. Access your PC or Mac, from any device – anytime, anywhere!
Effortlessly manage your files, transfer data and print documents remotely – even from mapped drives.
Invite an associate to temporarily access your computer to work on presentations, documents in real time.
October 22, 2019
Imagine a scenario – you have to deliver a presentation and while running final checks on the document you find some important data is missing. The data is saved on your home computer but you do not have time to rush home, email the file to yourself and return to the office before the presentation. Time is of the essence in such situations and remote desktop access solutions like RemotePC help save the day!
If you have the RemotePC application installed on your home computer and it is configured for Always-ON Remote Access, you can access it from your office in no time. Remotely control and access the home computer, using any PC, Mac, mobile device or even web browser, from your office. Drag and drop the file from your home computer on to your office computer and you are good to go for the presentation!
There are different pricing plans that can be selected by users depending upon their needs. Try our free plan as you can remotely access one computer for FREE. Sign up today with RemotePC!
"Effortless, simple interface with a flat learning curve. Fast performance. Easy file transfers between local and remote desktops. Inexpensive."
"RemotePC by IDrive is an easy-to-use solution that offers a long list of features and security protocols to keep your remote interactions efficient and safe."
"This is a great service with a good number of features and a versatile means of accessing computers remotely."
"RemotePC is a versatile platform, for individuals, SMBs, mid-range companies, large enterprises."
"Great price; Excellent security options; Unbelievable value for small businesses."
* Get 25% off on your first year or get 50% off on your first year for a 2 year plan. For subsequent years, normal charges are applicable.