Replacement Laptop Keys You Need. At Prices You'll Love!
Missing a Laptop Key? We sell Laptop Keys for all brands, if you are looking for a Laptop Key Replacement, you have come to the right place, most Replacement Laptop Key are just $4.95 or less.
Our Keys are original from the keyboard manufacturer, so you are sure to get a perfect fit and finish. We back each purchase with a 100% Satisfaction Guarantee, so buy with confidence.
Laptop Key Replacement purchase consists of the following:
Key Cap
This is the piece of plastic that has the letter on it.
Key Retainer Clip
The retainer clip or hinge pieces that hold the key cap to the base of the keyboard.
Rubber Cup
This is the piece of rubber or silicone that acts as the spring to rebound the key after you press it.
Customer Reviews, Testimonials, Real People Real Stories
By Terri S 5/5
Thanks so very much for the prompt service and affordability. I had called 2 places to inquire about a keys and clip replacement and both places said they would have to send the computer out for repair. I know it would have been much more than the $6.78 that I paid, plus my granddaughter would have been without her computer for who knows how long. I really appreciate the shipping cost is reasonable.
By Tina P 5/5
I can not thank you guys enough, you have saved my laptop and money, the laptop keys were very easy to install, the install process was easy to follow with the videos, I will be passing your business cards around. :)
By Angie 5/5
I would like to inform you that I've receive and took my items at the post office today. All items are in best condition and in complete order. Thank you for your excellent service, definitely will return back and recommend to my friends.
By Mike M 5/5
Just awesome! All the keys were brand new, and the kids in our school are happy again, we have suggested you guys to other school districts already, thank you for the great service.
By Steve L 5/5
They were able to get my replacement laptop key in less than 48 hours from ordering, very impressed with the speed of service, laptop key replacement were perfect, will use again, but hopefully not too often.
By Patty 5/5
5 were missing from a used keyboardI bought off ebay, the laptop Keys came in 2 days! You guys complete my laptop.