Get a hosting package and a domain at wholesale prices:
Offer a wide range of pre-configured cloud hosting packages that come with 140+ features and a 30-day Free Trial. Also, you can order any of the plans for your own sites at a wholesale price!
Unlimited Disk Space
Unlimited Monthly Traffic
FREE Website Builder (demo)
24/7/365 Customer Support
Automated Daily Backups
Sell OpenVZ and KVM VPS hosting packages at competitive prices. Pure SSD storage. CentOS, Debian, Ubuntu. Get a VPS for your own multimedia applications at a wholesale price!
70 GB Disk Space
3 TB Monthly Traffic
3 GB RAM
2 CPU Core(s)
24/7/365 Customer Support
Sell powerful, CentOS-, Debian- and Ubuntu-driven dedicated servers with gigabit network cards and a free CP. Get a server for your own online/offline projects at a wholesale price!
Atom D525 (2 Cores) CPU
2x250 GB HDDs
10 TB Monthly Traffic
4 GB RAM
1 Dedicated IP Address
Offer 70+ domain name extensions at attractive prices. Low-cost Whois Privacy Protection. Free SSLs. Get domains for your own projects from an ICANN-accredited registrar at wholesale prices!
70+ Low-cost TLDs
WHOIS Privacy Protection
Private DNS Cluster
FREE SSL Certificates
24/7/365 Customer Support
We are offering two major business models: the Free and the cPanel reseller web hosting programs. The Free Reseller Hosting Program allows you to resell any of the following services under your own brand (or label): Domains, Hosting Packages, VPS, Semi-dedicated & Dedicated Servers. Beside the hosting service itself, we'll provide multi-currency billing and 24/7 technical support to your customers absolutely anonymously, on behalf of your private brand.
The most important of all is that there is No Risk whatsoever. Unlike with other alternatives, with us, if you make no sales, there will be no charges. We are also an ICANN accredited domain registrar. You will be receiving domain and hosting services directly from the source.
Our web hosting plans include everything you need to get your personal or business website online and manage with ease. We offer a unique breed of cloud web hosting powered by our custom-built platform.
Benefits of country-code domain names (ccTLDs) and campaigns registries run to promote themOctober 11th, 2019
ccTLDs have proven to be the most powerful way to rank a website in a specific country. Learn more about the local market benefits of ccTLDs and check out the most creative campaigns registries have run to encourage ccTLD preference over generic TLDs.
I'm just astounded that such great reseller tools are coupled with such great services!
I could write poems about this service!!!
R. Petrucci
Always a pleasure to work with such a Top Shelf support team. Thanks again!
D. Safley
I just started and got 24 clients happy with the price and the service! Great help, great turnaround time on requests. thanks million times
M. Bashir
We have about 30 clients now, and are pleased to have two on your VPS platform which is performing very well.
S. Frangos
Your services are prompt and most professional and I am promoting your services to all of my valued customers, using web services.
S. Murray
You have made it easy for someone with very little hosting knowledge to create a viable business with great customer service!
T. Lord
I'm not one that normally gives much feedback but the patient's and professionalism that I've experienced here is (in my opinion) untouchable! Thanks ResellersPanel.
B. Roberts
The options and directions you could take are unlimited. Service and Support is truly impeccable. Thank You ResellersPanel!
Nick M.
It is really quite easy to setup and start the store. I have just started and hope to start selling in few hours.
C. Onditi
I have been a reseller for several years now and in my time played around with many different platforms, this is one of the best.
P. Toone
I'd like to say some good words about your reseller control panel. I hope you will continue to improve day by day. Good job guys!!! :D
D. Genev