Products that are built for and with a purpose. You care about the company and people behind a brand. To get to know the team of highly skilled and passionate professionals who are always pushing the boundaries through innovation, and are dedicated to engineering, designing and developing products and technologies that matter and that make the difference.
Everything we do at REV’IT! is measured by our core values: design, performance and innovation. These values apply to our product development process, our product designs, our operational processes, our partners and our people.
We’re in an industry driven by passion. An industry giving birth to a variety of products, technologies and services that bring joy to millions of motorcycle enthusiasts around the world. We’re one of those. Specialized in engineering, developing and designing apparel and accessories to enable you to just do that; live your passion to the max.
Within the world of high performance apparel, nothing comes close to the level of performance a motorcycle garment has to live up to. Impact energy absorption and dispersion, tear, cut and abrasion-resistance, extreme waterproofing and breathability, effective insulation, good visibility and freedom of movement, just to name a few. These are all functional requirements incorporated in a motorcycle garment.
It’s not just our mission to offer you gear that ticks all the aforementioned boxes, but also gear that makes you look good. Smartly designed, great-looking gear that enables you to go further, ride faster and explore more, regardless of weather conditions and without sacrificing style, safety and comfort.
Whether you’re a track day enthusiast, an avid adventurist or an urban commuter, you will find a wide range of products that are purpose built for your riding needs. Gear that not just lives up to standards and regulations, but gear that goes beyond that; the REV’IT! standard, whereby every product we bring to market is characterized by - and a result of - incorporating our core values: design, performance and innovation.
We want to inspire you to ride, wherever you are on this planet, whatever type of bike or riding style. So, let us take you on a journey through the world of motorsports, adventure bike riding and the urban, fashion-oriented motorcycle scene. A journey through the world of REV’IT!, captured through our lenses and with inspiring background stories.