Set your
target audience
Share relevant
content
Build a strong
social circle
Grow!
Here's what makes Revive Social so powerful
Set a custom schedule and pick the days and hours when you want to share your blog posts. If you need more, you can even set different schedules for different social media channels.
Both Revive Social plugins work with the most popular URL shortening services. This allows you to see how popular your posts are, and also track each individual click they attract.
Want to share just the titles of your posts? Or include a hashtag, or mention a @username, or some completely custom additional text? Revive Social plugins allows you to do that.
Operating at scale? Revive Social plugins allow you to share your content to multiple accounts on each of the supported social networks. No limitations.
Revive Old Post helps you to keep your old posts alive by automatic sharing them and driving more traffic to them from social media networks. Set it up once and you'll never have to worry about your old posts again.See Plugin
Revive Network helps you build a strong social circle and grows your professional network by sharing content from other websites in your industry on your Social Media accounts. Set it and watch your social circle grow automatically.See Plugin
Used by more than 80,000 people here's what some of our users have been saying about our awesome plugin.
We have 2 great plugins for you, check them out!
Revive Social consists of two powerful WordPress plugins built specifically for growing your online presence and professional network: Revive Old Post and Revive Network. Revive Old Post was built to automatically pick up your old content and share it on social media based on specific criteria. Revive Network's goal is to increase your social media presence and your professional network by sharing content from other relevant websites on your social media accounts and notifying the website owners.
You will still be able to use the plugin but the pro features would be inactive.
Yes, we do offer 30 Day Risk-Free Money Back Guarantee for all the purchases made on our website. If for whatever reason you are not satisfied with our plugins or simply decided you no longer wish to use them, you can ask for a refund anytime in the next 30 days from your purchase. That means you can try our plugins risk-free!
We test our plugins with each new version of WordPress thoroughly to make sure there are no issues. Also, if our users report any issues, we'll fix them quickly. Rest assured!
Yes, you can start with and upgrade anytime if you want more features or use it on more websites. You will find personalized offers to upgrade to a greater plan when you visit Your Purchases after you've logged in to your account.
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners.Privacy Notice