With experts in buying, selling, mortgages, and insurance, REX is here to make your experience a convenient one.
Our agents work on salary, not commission, so you know that they're looking out for your best interest, not their bank account.
Our 2% commission covers both sides of the transaction. REX saves sellers $20,000 in fees on average.
Our experience buying our new home with REX was incredible! From making an offer and negotiating back and forth with the sellers, to entering escrow and closing, REX took care of all the necessary paperwork. Our best interests were always represented. We recommend REX and will use them to sell our home when the time comes.
REX's fee afforded me to buy my dream home. I was so pleased with the buying experience that I used REX to sell my home too. REX sold my home in three weeks, above asking price. Buying and Selling with REX was a great win for me and for the industry.
With a family of five life can be busy and on the run, and REX helped us out every step of the way. Escrow went smoothly and closed on time. The money we saved using REX put us in position to buy the home of our dreams.
A colleague recommended REX. When they first came to my home they explained they don't list homes on the MLS. Instead they reach buyers directly through channels like Zillow and Facebook. In just 2-weeks I received an offer and entered escrow. I was so impressed with everything REX did. I ended up saving nearly $20,000.
REX made it easy. They advertised online and in print, hosted showings, and handled everything in escrow and closing. Selling with REX was a truly enjoyable experience that saved us thousands of dollars. REX is as easy as Turbo Tax for real estate, but with professionals to guide you through the process.
The REX team walked us through every step of the process and made sure all of our legal obligations were met. We also love the fact that, without traditional agents, we saved thousands of dollars in commission fees.
Our experience buying our new home with REX was incredible! From making an offer and negotiating back and forth with the sellers, to entering escrow and closing, REX took care of all the necessary paperwork. Our best interests were always represented. We recommend REX and will use them to sell our home when the time comes.
REX's fee afforded me to buy my dream home. I was so pleased with the buying experience that I used REX to sell my home too. REX sold my home in three weeks, above asking price. Buying and Selling with REX was a great win for me and for the industry.
With a family of five life can be busy and on the run, and REX helped us out every step of the way. Escrow went smoothly and closed on time. The money we saved using REX put us in position to buy the home of our dreams.
A colleague recommended REX. When they first came to my home they explained they don't list homes on the MLS. Instead they reach buyers directly through channels like Zillow and Facebook. In just 2-weeks I received an offer and entered escrow. I was so impressed with everything REX did. I ended up saving nearly $20,000.
Lowest Fees in Industry
Dedicated Agent
Open Houses and Private Showings
Customized Valuations
Enhanced Inspection
Performance Dashboard
Targeted Ads to Buyers
Professional Photography
Mortgage
Home Insurance
Title
Escrow
Home Warranty
Storage
Moving