Enjoy more bookings with less stressStart a free trial
Get more bookings
Offer a better customer experience
Automate business operations
Save time
Get back to doing what you love
All the tools you need to manage and sell your products online.Find out more
Scale your distribution channels and automate inventory updates.Find out more
We’re independent and unbiased – here to serve everyone equally
You stay in full control – of your data, your branding and your customer relationships
Our platform is tried and trusted by thousands of operators and agents in over 100 countries
We offer flexible payment options – with choices to suit your business and cashflow
Our products are user-friendly and intuitive – as all good technology should be
We care – our people have been handpicked to deliver you the best possible experience, wherever you are in your journey.
They have helped me to open up my revenue stream; allowing me to have access to third-party OTAs such as online Trip Advisor, Expedia and Viator. It is so easy to use and allows me to have more time with my guests. McKeel Robins, Beverly Hills Wine Tours
Rezdy booking software has been designed to help make your life easier as a tour operator. As your business grows, you might find that you have less and less time to do what you love: getting out there to run tours and interacting with your customers. Integrating our software can help your get more bookings, save value time by automating your operations, enabling you to focus on the things that matter most to you.
With Rezdy, you are welcome to stick with your preferred payment gateway, or join with one of our competitively priced partner gateways, including Stripe and RezdyPay. Either way, all of your payment and booking data will be available in one easy-to-use dashboard. Customise your reports to see the information that is important to you and keep your finger on the pulse of your business.
We are constantly working to keep the Rezdy booking software at the top of the online reservation system game. This not only ensures that managing your business is made seamless and easy, but it also allows you to offer a better experience to the people that matter: your customers. Run your business while you’re ‘on the go’ using our simple app and have peace of mind that you can access your manifests and bookings from anywhere. Picking Rezdy means that you’ve picked the best booking software on the market.