Today in Science History
- Today is Mole Day, 6:02 a.m. to 6:02 p.m. (Mole Times) on 10/23 (10^23). 1762: American engineer Samuel Morey, inventor of the internal combustion engine, was born. 1868: Frederick Lanchester, automobile and aeronautics pioneer who built the first British petrol automobile, was born... more
Dr. Allen Du Mont played a huge role in making television practical because of the improvements he made to the cathode ray tube (CRT). Prior to his work, the lifespan of a CRT was measured in tens of hours, and they were expensive, so their use was limited to special military and research applications. Du Mont's interest in "wireless" began at an early age, and he earned his commercial radio operator's license at the age of 14 (in 1915). He designed and produced oscillographs (i.e., oscilloscopes) that incorporated his CRTs. His involvement in the television industry was a natural evolution and extension of the work done in related industries. The DuMont Television Network was formed in 1942, rivaling the established CBS and NBC ...
Skyworks is pleased to launch the SKY66405-11, a 2.4 GHz front-end module (FEM) designed for ZigBee®, Thread, and Bluetooth® (including Low Energy) ultra-low power IoT applications spanning sensors, beacons, smart meters and thermostats, wireless cameras, smoke and CO detectors, wearables and medical wearables. This high-performance, integrated multi-chip module comes in a compact form factor (1.9 x 1.9 x 0.56 mm) and provides increased efficiency as well as more than 4X range extension versus system-on-chip (SoC) alone. The solution includes a power amplifier, low-noise amplifier, low-loss bypass path, transmit and receive switches ...
I usually take you straight to the source of a survey, but in this case you're better served reading EE Times' report on the newly released "IEEE GlobalSpec 2019 Pulse of Engineering Survey." Martin Rowe provides a comparison between the 2018 and 2019 results. One of the most significant differences I see is response to "New hires are being added to handle additional work, not just to replace staff vacancies" dropping from 38% last year to 28% this year. Mr. Rowe offer two possible reasons, but a third reason might be that employers hired most of their needed engineers last year ...
With a cover date of August 25, 1945, this issue of The Saturday Evening Post obviously went to print some time prior to the dropping of the two nuclear bombs on Japan that ended World War II. Victory in Japan Day (V-J Day), was August 14, 1945. There is no hint inside the magazine that the end of the war was nigh. There were, however, plenty of ads by companies touting their contributions to the war, and even some ads, particularly food ads, anticipating the end of rationing. Within this edition is also a short quiz entitled, "How's Your Radio Knowledge?" The author, Captain James F. C. Hyde, Jr., challenges readers to identify the locations of radio stations just by looking at their call signs. As is done today, most stations attempt to get call signs that are relevant to their location ...
"Researchers from Japan have developed a highly sensitive rectifying element in the form of a nanowire backward diode, which can convert low-power microwaves into electricity. The research was carried out by leading communication technology company, Fujitsu, in partnership with the Japan Science and Technology Agency (JST), and the Tokyo Metropolitan University. Through JST's Strategic Basic Research Programs, the technology was developed by researchers led by Kenichi Kawaguchi of Fujitsu Limited and Professor Michihiko Suhara of the Tokyo Metropolitan University. The new technology can generate electricity from ambient radio waves ..."
Withwave manufactures an extensive line of metrology quality coaxial test cable assemblies, connectors (wave-, end-, vertical-launch, board edge, panel mount), calibration kits (SOLT), a fully automated 4-port vector network analyzer (VNA) calibrator, between- and in-series connector adaptors, attenuators, terminations, DC blocks, torque wrenches, test probes & probe positioner. Special test fixtures for calibration and multicoax cable assemblies. Frequency ranges from DC through 110 GHz. Please contact Withwave today to see how they can help your project succeed.
When I saw this photo of the Mount Säntis television transmission tower in Switzerland, the first thing I thought of was the scene in the James Bond "Moonraker" movie where 007 battles the infamous Jaws while riding a cable car. That took place in an area around the Mediterranean though, so maybe it was "Where Eagles Dare" or some other spy / military movie I was thinking of. The tower is featured on a Wikipedia webpage where it states in part: "Located at the peak of the Säntis is a 123.55 meter high transmission tower, which was commissioned in November 1997. The original tower stemming from the year 1955 had to be renovated several times due to the rough ...
RF Cascade Workbook 2018 is the next phase in the evolution of RF Cafe's long-running series, RF Cascade Workbook. It is a full-featured RF system cascade parameter and frequency planner that includes filters and mixers for a mere $45. Built in MS Excel, using RF Cascade Workbook 2018 is a cinch and the format is entirely customizable. It is significantly easier and faster than using a multi-thousand dollar simulator when a high level system analysis is all that is needed. An intro video takes you through the main features. Hundreds of hours have gone into developing this tool ...
Withwave has introduced a new line of High Speed & High Density Multicoax Cable Assemblies (WMX Series) that provide a wide range of multiple coax connectors and flexible cable assemblies with a choice of 20, 40, 50, and 67 GHz configurations based on precision array design and superior high frequency cabling solutions. The WMX Series are excellent signal integrity solutions for bench-top testing and automated test equipment to meet increasing demands of semiconductor test equipment and optical testing industries. These products consist of high performance flexible assemblies which can be bundled in housings (8 and 16 channels) and the interface to board is compression type ...
This Radio Service Data Sheet provides schematics and parts lists for Westinghouse Models H-161, H-168 and H-168A receivers. Most - if not all - electronics servicemen had subscriptions to these magazines because they were a ready source of not just these service sheets, but because of the extensive articles offering advice on servicing radios and televisions. In fact, many electronics manufacturers had a policy of supplying service data only to bona fide shops. A large list is included at the bottom of the page of similar documents from vintage receiver schematics, troubleshooting tips, and alignment procedures. They were originally published in magazines like Radio-Craft, Radio and Television News, Radio News, etc. I scan and post them for the benefit of hobbyists who restore and service vintage ...
"Silver dipoles are arranged across the folds of a Miuri-Ori pattern to enable frequency blocking. Researchers at the Georgia Institute of Technology have devised a method for using an origami-based structure to create radio frequency filters that have adjustable dimensions, enabling the devices to change which signals they block throughout a large range of frequencies. The new approach to creating these tunable filters could have a variety of uses, from antenna systems capable of adapting in real-time to ambient conditions to the next generation of electromagnetic cloaking systems that could be reconfigured on the fly to reflect or absorb different frequencies. The team focused on one particular pattern of origami ..."
TotalTemp Technologies has more than 40 years of combined experience providing thermal platforms. Thermal Platforms are available to provide temperatures between −100°C and +200°C for cryogenic cooling, recirculating circulating coolers, temperature chambers and temperature controllers, thermal range safety controllers, space simulation chambers, hybrid benchtop chambers, custom systems and platforms. Manual and automated configurations for laboratory and production environments. Please contact TotalTemp Technologies today to learn how they can help your project.
For two decades, I have been creating custom engineering- and science-themed crossword puzzles for the brain-exercising benefit and pleasure of RF Cafe visitors who are fellow cruciverbalists. This October 20, 2019, puzzle uses a database of thousands of words which I have built up over the years and contains only clues and terms associated with engineering, science, physical, astronomy, mathematics, chemistry, etc. You will never find a word taxing your knowledge of a numbnut soap opera star or the name of some obscure village in the Andes mountains. You might, however, encounter the name of a movie star like Hedy Lamarr or a geographical location like Tunguska, Russia ...
That Hugo Gernsback was a prolific writer, inventor, visionary, designer, and builder is unquestionable given the huge number examples of each that can be easily found on the Internet and in libraries. Gernsback was never bashful about giving himself credit for technology predictions when thy come to fruition and for the coining of new terms. In this "Reversible Television" editorial column that appeared in a 1948 issue of his Radio-Craft magazine, Gernsback claims to have been the first to use the word "television" in a technical article - but not necessarily having invented the term. He did have an idea for a "Telephot," a portmanteau of "telephone" and "photograph." The device would take the form of phone with a built-in video display to allow parties to view each other whilst ...
A few days ago I posted an article from a 1935 article in Short Wave Craft magazine entitled, "Put Your Aerial Underground." Upon seeing it, RF Cafe visitor Jean-Marie Polard (F5VLB), located in France, sent me a note about his very impressive Facebook page that contains a lot of information on Earth Probes Used As Antennas. Evidently there is a large contingent of radio amateurs, at least in Europe, still experimenting with and successfully using the method. As with many areas of wireless communications, Ham operators worldwide are continuing to push back the technology frontiers ...
It's Friday again already (...finally). In that these comics from Radio-Craft magazine have an electronics theme, you can claim looking at them is work-related. The themes of the comics reflect common scenarios of the 1944-1945 era in which they were published, but with not much modification can be applied to today's environment. People will always expect more features from products, will be critical of everything presented to them, and will want to haggle for the best deal from the used camel salesman. You might consider using one of them for your next conference or project status presentation. Enjoy ...
Reactel has become one of the industry leaders in the design and manufacture of RF and microwave filters, diplexers, and sub-assemblies. They offer the generally known tubular, LC, cavity, and waveguide designs, as well as state of the art high performance suspended substrate models. Through a continuous process of research and development, they have established a full line of filters of filters of all types - lowpass, highpass, bandpass, bandstop, diplexer, and more. Established in 1979. Please contact Reactel today to see how they might help your project.
"Recently discovered two-dimensional (2D) materials with superlative properties have the potential to advance semiconductors but creating 2D devices with both good electrical contacts and stable performance has proved challenging. A nearly ideal transistor made from a two-dimensional material stack - with only a two-atom-thick semiconducting layer - was fabricated using a completely clean and damage-free fabrication process. The method shows vastly improved performance compared to 2D semiconductors fabricated with a conventional process and could provide a scalable platform for creating ultra-clean devices in the future. The two-step, ultra-clean ..."
Custom MMIC is a fabless RF and microwave MMIC designer entrusted by government and defense industry OEMs. Custom and off-the-shelf products include switches, phase shifters, attenuators, mixers and multipliers, and low noise, low phase noise, and distributed amplifiers. From next-generation long range military radar systems, to advanced aerospace and space-qualified satellite communications, microwave signal chains are being pushed to new limits - and no one understands this more than Custom MMIC. Please contact Custom MMIC today to see how they use their modern engineering, testing and packaging facility to help your project.