Tie-Dye Basics
We’re just a little tie dye obsessed right now. Here is everything you need to know as you embark on your own tie-dye adventure.
We've Got a Color For You
Explore our 1,000 color formulas to find that perfect shade.
From Waste to Wardrobe
According to an EPA study, 84% of the clothes you donate ends up in a landfill. Next time you are thinking about donating clothing, give upcycling a try instead.
In With The Old, Out With The New
Revive your favorite clothing so it can stay as vibrant as you.
Have You Tried Rit DyeMore Yet?
You can dye anything synthetic, from polyester to legos to zippers and everything in between.
The Queen of Color
Meet Barbie Roadkill, a vintage enthusiast who is taking thrifting to a whole new level. With dye of course!
Introducing the Back to Black Dye Kit
Our newest kit includes Jet Black, the darkest, richest black we have ever made.
Dyeing Tips
Thinking of breathing new life into an old t-shirt, vintage dress, or a plain set of curtains? Curious about the tools you’ll need to pull off your first dyeing project? Here’s everything you need to know to confidently embark on your dyeing adventures.
Rit All-Purpose Dye
The only dye you need for your favorite, washable fabrics containing natural fibers like cotton, wool, and silk, as well as synthetics like nylon and rayon. With nearly 500 color blend possibilities, it’s made to make all color palettes happy. The opportunity to customize the fabrics in your life for one-of-a-kind looks not found in any store is just a dye job away. Not too shabby.
Rit DyeMore for Synthetics
Formulated specifically for fabrics made of synthetic fibers like polyester, acrylic, and acetate, this dye is ready, able, and willing to bring a fresh burst of color to your favorite synthetic garments, household furnishings, and more.
Rit Back to Black Dye Kit
Is your favorite black clothing faded? Now with Rit’s Back to Black Dye Kit, you can restore clothing back to a rich black in just a few easy steps. Included in the kit is Jet Black All-Purpose Dye, our darkest, richest black ever. Plus, ColorStay Dye Fixative, our secret weapon to reduce bleeding and fading.
Rit Indigo Shibori Tie Dye Kit
Shibori is a Japanese dyeing technique that involves folding, twisting or bunching cloth, binding it and then dyeing it with indigo. We have assembled an easy-to-use kit that includes everything you need to create a wide range of unique shibori patterns.
Trending Products
Reduce. Rewear. Upcycle.
Saving four shirts you love with our non-toxic dye versus buying new ones reduces your CO2 emissions by 74%. CO2 is the primary gas responsible for trapping heat in the atmosphere and is the main contributor to climate change.
Celebrating 100 Years of Rit: Then and Now
We asked designers, bloggers and creators to pick their favorite vintage Rit ad and recreate it themselves. You’ll be amazed to see what they came up with!
ColorStay Dye Fixative
Sunlight, washing machine cycles, the ravages of time all conspire to fade your latest dye projects. Our ColorStay Dye Fixative has but one word to say to that: Nope.
Laundry Treatments
We want the fabrics in your life to look as fresh and colorful as the day you purchased them. Rit offers all the options you need to rejuvenate and extend the color of your clothes and home textiles, to brighten your whites, and to remove stains and add brightness to your washable fabrics.
ProLine
Sometimes there are dyeing projects that require a bit more oomf in the dye quantity department, and that’s where Rit ProLine comes in. Our ProLine formula features an advanced mix of dyes that’s applicable to natural and synthetic fibers and is ideal for scaling dye projects, no matter the size.
We're closer than you think.
Rit products are available at most major retailers. Or, you can buy them online.