The Engagement Ring Store | Robbins Brothers
Hugo & Dayana
Los Angeles, CA
After months of planning to propose to the love of my life, I asked my friend if he could make a rigged Instagram contest for a free photoshoot. Let me tell you... she loves to enter free giveaways and has won so many times. After a few days, he announced us as the winners. The day of the proposal, I was able to unite both families together to capture the moment. All I remember was "It's been 4 years...." next thing you know I'm on my knee and she said YES.
Justin & Breanna
Dallas, TX
I said YES! to my best friend/ my ride or die, at the happiest place on earth! Everyone who knows me knows I LOVE DISNEY WORLD! But never in a million years would I have guessed I would say YES in front of a crowd right in front of the castle AT MAGIC KINGDOM. A day I will never forget.
Kassy & Jodie
Houston, Texas
Kassy surprised Jodie with a lovely proposal in front of all of their closest friends and family!
Randy & Bailey
Arlington, TX
Robbins Brothers was the perfect place for my fiancé and I. Certified Diamontologist, Mr. Gainer, helped us every step of the way. He knew we were a young couple with limited knowledge about diamonds and rings. He used his valuable time and humor to lead us in the right direction. She found the perfect ring, and Mr. Gainer was able to help me with planning and scheduling before we left for our trip to Paris so that I could have the ring in time to present to my fiancé in front of the Eiffel Tower. Our engagement trip to France was incredible with a huge thanks to Mr. Gainer and Robbins Brothers for making the experience extraordinary.
James & Drea
Texas
Drea thought she and James were going to look at their wedding venue, but James had something extra special in mind. You see, he proposed without a ring; they’ve technically been engaged for months. But, again, Drea never had a ring. She never complained, she’s ecstatic to be marrying the man of her dreams. James secretly came into Robbins Brothers and purchased a ring for Drea, and as they toured the grounds where they will eventually become man and wife, he found the perfect spot, stopped, got down on one knee, and officially proposed to Drea. Well, of course, she said yes.
James & Lauren
Texas
James Werner is Port Captain. His main responsibility is to ensure all ships are fully prepared to embark from the dock, i.e., crew, equipment & proper training. He’s also good at keeping a secret. He purchased 2 1/2 months ago and has been waiting for the right moment to propose to Lauren. Well, precise day and time finally came and he proposed on 5/16/2019. Lauren, of course, said YES.
Peter & Christine
Bellevue, WA
Peter proposed on the first day of our vacation in Waikiki back in April. I knew he had been looking at rings but he said he was still deciding between a few at Robbins Brothers and that he would never do it on a vacation, so he totally tricked me! On our way to dinner, Peter wanted to make a quick pit stop at Magic Island Lagoon for sunset (my favorite) so I didn't think anything of it. After finding the perfect viewing spot, Peter got down on one knee right as the sun was setting. It was beautiful there and he even hired a secret photographer to capture the moment!
Juan & Alejandra
Texas
I kept a secret from my family and friends for an entire 5 months. I planned every single detail out on how i was gonna do it, where I was gonna do it and what I was gonna say. For months I recited what I wanted to say but at the moment my mind went blank I couldn't stop shaking and with a trembling voice I stuck to the basics and asked, "will you be my wife."