Online Language Learning Courses That Are Practical, Powerful, and Proven to Work
Imagine confidently speaking a new language and experiencing life like a local on your travels.
Try it for free!
Try it for free!
The Mastery Method is based both on science and on the actual success strategies that polyglots (people who speak 5 or more languages) use, which practically guarantees your success.
Here is how the Mastery Method will help you learn a new language:
Speaking out loud activates key areas of your brain that reinforce the language you are learning. Our method has several features that prompt you to say things out loud and help you lose any fear of speaking you may have.
Since most languages have a completely different structure than English, you need to have grammar and sentence structures explained to you in an easy-to-follow way - it’s not something that you can pick up by osmosis!
Our method uses "whole brain learning," which is based on building your skills in all directions. Reading, writing, comprehension, recall, and speaking are all covered to give you the best chance of success.
Our main focus is on getting you to be able to have conversations in your new language, right from the very first lesson. It’s the best way to get comfortable in a variety of situations.
We make sure that native speakers can understand you! Our state-of-the-art voice recognition system lets you practice matching your pronunciation to thousands of words and phrases.
Successful language learners use their downtime to keep learning, and you can too. You can use our courses while commuting, at the gym, or anytime that you are on the go.
Having a love for the culture is a major reason that people start learning a new language. Our cultural lessons give you the insider insights into how the locals live, work, and play.
Our method involves teaching you the practical, everyday words and phrases that you need to know. Don't waste your time and effort learning words that you will never use!
Our method includes a wide range of activities and features that will keep you engaged, motivated, and on track. From progress tracking to a full leaderboard and points system, there is plenty that will keep you coming back for more!
Each lesson has a variety of reinforcement activities, with each one designed to reinforce and enhance your recall in a different way. Our scientifically designed algorithm redisplays words and phrases that you are weak on until they stick in your head like glue.
Take a free trial and learn more about how Rocket Languages will work for you.
We are often asked how our courses compare to what else is out there. While you can see the functional things below, the biggest difference is that we really live our philosophy of creating the most effective language learning courses possible. If you truly want to learn a new language, then we have created the map to show you the way.