Interactive drills to help you truly build the skills you'll need on interview day.
Built by ex-McKinsey, BCG & Bain consultants.Sign up today!
Polish your analytical skills by picking apart Marimekko, bar charts, regressions & more
Nail your mental math by practicing on unlimited case style math problems
Structure problems and compare answers to suggestions from McKinsey consultants.
Master the art of quickly glancing at charts, whether it's a bubble chart or a regression analysis, and identifying key take aways.
Drill yourself on an unlimited supply of case style math questions. From long division to breakevens, we've got you covered.
Structure case problems and compare your answers against suggestions from our contributor panel of McKinsey, BCG & Bain consultants.
Watch video interviews with consultants describing the interview process, tips for preparing and how to make yourself stand out.
I recommend RocketBlocks to everyone at Wharton who asks. Our 1st years just had a great recruiting season thanks to RocketBlocks and it helped me land my McKinsey internship.
RocketBlocks was a key component of my success in securing consulting offers from the top 3 consulting firms: McKinsey, BCG & Bain. I can't recommend its tools enough to prospective consultants.
I found that the interviews that went well were typically the ones before which I'd wake up, shower, and do a couple of drills on RocketBlocks to get my head in the game.It made a huge difference and helped me land a number of offers from top-tier firms.
RocketBlocks's interactive activities fill the void left by other consulting prep books. With the popular books on the market, it's too easy to absentmindedly flip through the lessons, but RocketBlocks forces you to think and apply the material. Cannot recommend highly enough.
I used RocketBlocks for 20 minutes each night during the recruiting process. Peers from MBB complimented my increased ease in fast math, which was a prior weakness. This ultimately gave me greater confidence in case interviews, which contributed to my ability to land offers with Bain, BCG, and McKinsey!
RocketBlocks was the most important piece in taking my case interview skills to the next level. Seeing sample responses from actual MBB consultants helped me pin-point room for improvement, appreciate the various acceptable answers, and develop a sense of confidence in my problem solving approach.
Combined with live case practice, RocketBlocks' Structure and Math Drills were the keys to nailing my case interviews. I definitely don't think I would have landed a summer internship with Deloitte S&O without it!
I wouldn't have received my consulting offer from EY without using the RocketBlocks platform. The math practice problems, graph analysis and case starts allowed me to turn my casing weaknesses into strengths and standout during my interviews.
100% of our content comes directly from experts. All suggested answers come directly from the RocketBlocks contributor panel: a group of eight senior management consultants from leading firms such as McKinsey, BCG, Bain, Deloitte & EY Parthenon.
Our content is specifically targeted toward building the skills tested in case interviews. Each module, from structure, charts and data, mental math to brainstorming, has been specifically crafted to build key skills case interviews test.
Get all your questions about the consulting career path, compensation ranges, and what skillsets and traits interviewers are really looking for in both the case and fit portions of the interviews. Check it out today!
Join thousands of candidates who've used RocketBlocks to land elite consulting jobs. Get started with a complimentary, 7-day free trial.Sign up today!