Featured Post
On the Spiritual Matter of Art at MAXXIby
An exhibition where 19 artists explore the dichotomy between the material and spiritual dimension, using art to elevate the spirit above the mundane.
ROME TOURS & LOCAL EXPERIENCES
Events, Things to Do & What's on in Rome
Food / Restaurants
The Dolce Vita at Via Veneto’s iconic Jackie O’ restaurantby
Have dinner at Via Veneto’s iconic Jackie O’ restaurant to relive the charm of the Dolce Vita in a venue that went down in history.
Mercato Centrale: the artisan food market in Rome’s Termini Stationby
With 1900 sqm and 500 places to sit, Mercato Centrale in Rome’s Termini Station is the perfect place to taste the best of Italian cuisine and more, all under the same roof.
Maccheroni: Roman specialties in the centro storicoby
Maccheroni is a trattoria that offers traditional Roman cuisines in Rome’s centro storico, footsteps from the Pantheon and Piazza Navona.
Drink / Bars
Ex Galleria Monti: where cocktails & art meetby
An ex art gallery turned hip cocktail bar footsteps from the Colosseum. Taste great mixology drinks and wine from aperitivo till the wee hours while admiring artworks.
The best-of-the-best Cocktail Establishmentsby
Something is definitely happening here in Italy on the bar front – especially in Rome. Here is our list of the top-level, “best-of-the-best” cocktail bars by category and some of the people behind it.
Circolo degli Illuminatiby
Located in the Ostiense neighbourhood, Il Circolo degli Illuminati is one of the reference points for electronic and techno music in Rome.
LifeStyle / Shops
Di Pietra in Pietra: the not-to-miss mosaic exhibition in Trastevereby
Dive into the world of mosaics from October 1st to October 6th and admire an amazing collection of mosaics made by a group of six Italian women.
ZAPORAZZI – Holiday gift shoppingby
Located footsteps from Piazza Navona, ZAPORAZZI is the go-to-place for clothing, bags & souvenirs inspired by the city of Rome.
Rome Outdoor Pool Guideby
The Best Swimming Pools in Rome
Events in Rome
On the Spiritual Matter of Art at MAXXIby
An exhibition where 19 artists explore the dichotomy between the material and spiritual dimension, using art to elevate the spirit above the mundane.
“Impressionisti Segreti” – Palazzo Bonaparte’s New Exhibitionby
Palazzo Bonaparte opens its doors to the public for the first time with the exhibition “Impressionisti Segreti” – a collection of 50 masterpieces of French Impressionist art.
Tecniche D’Evasione at Palazzo delle Esposizioniby
“Evasion Techniques” focuses on Hungarian artists from the 1960s and 70s avant-garde scene who used evasion techniques to circumnavigate and critique the totalitarian power structures of the time.