Enjoy FREE Shipping on All Orders Over $100
Enjoy FREE Shipping on All Orders Over $100
Accessibility Statement
We firmly believe that the internet should be available and accessible to anyone, and are committed to providing a website that is accessible to the widest possible audience, regardless of circumstance and ability.
To fulfill this promise, we aim to adhere as closely as possible to the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1 (WCAG 2.1) at the AA level, published by the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C). These guidelines explain how to make web content more accessible to people with a wide array of disabilities. Complying with those guidelines helps us provide a site that is accessible to all people, from the blind to the motor impaired.
This website utilizes various technologies all meant to make it more accessible. We utilize an interface that allows persons with specific disabilities to adjust the website’s UI (user interface) and design it to their personal needs. This interface replaces the older fashioned method of providing all users with the same, lesser but accessible design or user interface.
Here are some of the interface’s capabilities:
Additionally, the website utilizes an AI-based application that runs in the background and optimizes its accessibility level every 24 hours. This AI engine remediates the website’s HTML issues, as well as functionality and behavior, to the use of blind people that are using screen readers, and the motor impaired that are using a keyboard to operate websites.
We utilize AI for the following accessibility components:
Browser and Assistive Technology Compatibility:
We aim to support the widest array of browsers and assistive technologies as possible, so our users can choose the best fitting tools for them, with as few limitations as possible. Therefore, we have worked very hard to be able to support all the modern, major and popular systems that comprise over 95% of the users’ market share and include: Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Apple Safari, Opera, Microsoft Edge and I.E 11 or above, JAWS and NVDA (screen readers), both for Windows and for MAC users. This website is operable using other systems and platforms as well, though we are not officially supporting them and recommend users to utilize the aforementioned.
Notes, Comments, and Feedback:
Despite our very best efforts to allow anybody to adjust the website to their needs, it is possible that there will still be pages or sections that are not fully accessible, are in the process of becoming accessible, or are lacking an adequate technological solution to make them accessible. Still, we are constantly improving the accessibility interface, adding, updating and improving its options and features, and developing and adopting new technologies. All this is meant to reach the optimal level of accessibility, at any time and in accordance with technological advancements.
If you’ve discovered a bug or malfunction, if you find any aspect of the interface difficult to use, or if you have improvement ideas, we’ll be happy to hear from you. Simply click on the “Feedback” button at the bottom of the interface, and fill out the feedback form. Alternatively, you can send an email to our web accessibility team using the following form If you wish to speak with the website owner directly, please contact our team and we’ll provide you with their contact information (we do not publish this information due to data collection and misuse conducted by spambots).
accessiBe interface options
The accessiBe interface let's you adjust various parameters of the website to your own needs. All of those, are in order for you to be able the use and view the website to your own optimal level. Amongst the options are changing font family and adjusting sizes, colors and spacing, emphasizing titles and links, adapting the website to screen reading software, keyboard navigation, activating a virtual keyboard and more.
How does it work and how to get started?
accessiBe works in two different methods. The first is manual, which means that you can manually adapt the display and usage of the website to your needs. The second is automatic. Clicking the Basic Accessibility button will automatically generate several processes behind the scenes, that will ease the use of the entire website without you having to adapt anything manually.
I found a bug or malfunction, how can I report it?
In order to leave Feedback or ask for help, simply click the Feedback button at the bottom of the interface. After clicking it, you'll see a popup with a feedback form that will reach the website's owner directly.
How can I adjust the contents of the website?
accessiBe's text adjustment options are the first group of options of the interface. Amongst the options you'll be able to find: Increase or Decrease of the font size, readable font, emphasize titles, emphasize links, text magnifier, letter spacing, word spacing, line height, text alignment to the left, center or the right, and more. Please note that you may not be able to see all the options right there. If you don't, click the 'Show More Text Adjustments' this button will display the entire options.
How can I adjust the display and colors of the website?
accessiBe's color and display options are the second group of options of the interface. Amongst the options you'll be able to find: dark contrast, light contrast, monochrome, show image descriptions, adaptation to screen reading software, stop animations, text color adjustment, title color adjustment, background color adjustment and more. Please note that you may not be able to see all the options right there. If you don't, click the 'Show More Color & Display Adjustments' this button will display the entire options.
How can I adjust the navigational aspects of the website?
accessiBe's Navigational options are the second group of options of the interface. Amongst the options you'll be able to find: emphasize focus, emphasize hover, big white cursor, big black cursor, zoom in and zoom out of the entire website window and more. Please note that you may not be able to see all the options right there. If you don't, click the 'Show More Navigation Adjustments' this button will display the entire options.
How does the keyboard navigation work?
In order to use the keyboard to navigate the website, click the 'Keyboard Navigation' button at the top of the interface. After clicking it, a confirmation window will appear, indicating this feature has been turned on. Afterwards, you'll be able to use the TAB key to navigate between clickable items, SHIFT + TAB to go back, and click ENTER to activate a focused item.
How does the virtual keyboard work?
In order to activate the Virtual Keyboard feature, click the 'Virtual Keyboard' button at the top of the interface. After activating it, the next time you'll hit a form element to enter details, a virtual keyboard will pop on the screen, allowing you the use it instead of a physical keyboard.
How can I skip to main contents?
In order to skip directly to the main content of the website, simply click the 'Skip to Main' button near accessiBe's search feature. Clicking it will scroll you down or up the page directly to the main content of the page.
What is the Basic Accessibility button and what does it do?
The 'Basic Accessibility' button automatically activates a series of events and functions behind the scenes. Those include adapting the website to screen reading software, building image descriptions from context, adapting the website to keyboard navigation, handling non-accessible form elements, and more.
Other interface options
The Accessibility Interface allows you to search for keywords and contents on the page. Entering input to the search field will automatically highlight found matching words, and scroll you down the page directly to them. In addition, at the top of the interface, you'll be able to change the position of the interface (from left to right and the opposite), and to change the size of it (big or small). Clicking the 'eye' icon will allow you to completely hide the accessibility interface.