THE DIGITAL FURNITURE PLATFORM
Photo-realistic product configurators to engage & convert your audience across all channels
AUGMENTED REALITY FURNITURE VISUALIZATION
Enabled for Apple ARKit
ONLINE INTEGRATION
3D Configurators & AR for your online channels
BEST-IN-CLASS 2D & 3D FLOORPLANNER
Design & furnish rooms online and via mobile devices
3D Configurator
Enable your products for photo-realistic 3D configuration for web & mobile
Augmented Reality
Enable your products for AR visualization via Apple ARKit
HD Rendering
Enable your products for high quality product renderings (CGI)
Floor planner
Enable your products for 2D/3D room concepts & floor plans
3D Furniture Configurator
From simple product variations to complex customizable solutions - in a user-friendly, simple and playful way. Configure your products live in 3D and increase conversion by integrating them into your online shop and make them available for your sales teams and customers.
Augmented Reality
Augmented Reality is changing the way how furniture is purchased online & offline today. Convince your customers and increase your sales conversion online. Your products digitally available in every room via mobile devices with the Apple ARKit. Ready for all new AR/VR platforms (Google ARCore & Tango, Microsoft HoloLens, ...)
HD Renderings (CGI images)
Photorealistic renderings of your furniture products and variations produced in any material, views, compilations, scenes, lighting and style. Our CGI solution enables you to automate your content production process with direct integration into your own systems or online shop. No need for expensive and time consuming photoshoots anymore.
2D & 3D Floor planner
The roomle 2D/3D floor planning functionality lets you build, design and furnish rooms and make it available across multiple destinations without any special skills. Integrate your branded roomle floor planner with your individual products into your website.
Enhance POS - digital 3D/AR sales solution
Empower your sales teams by providing them with your entire digital inventory fully configurable in 3D and Augmented Reality across multiple platforms (web & mobile). Plan, furnish and configure your products together with your customers and convince them with best-in-class 3D/AR visualization. And finally generate and integrate planning-based order lists into your internal systems.
Onlineshop integration
Convince your clients and increase conversion. Simply embed a white-label version of the roomle 3D furniture configurator into your website/web shop and make individual products available for online sales. Additionally, let your customers visualize your products in stunning 3D quality live at home in Augmented Reality to see how it fits or let them start a room plan with your configurable furniture.
Discover the largest configurable 3D/AR catalog for furniture
Who is roomle for?
Furniture producers
We create your configurable 3D/AR products and make it available in your white-label branded roomle version (web & mobile). Bring your brand showroom to your retailers/clients. Share your products with your retailer network, integrate your 3D product configurators into your website/shop.
Furniture retailers
Configure an plan your productslive in 3D and increase conversion by integrating them into your website/webshop and make them available for your sales teams. Bring your products closer to your customers and let them experience your furniture live at home in 3D & Augmented Reality in your white-lable version.
Shop-fitting industry
Plan and visualize your POS scenarios with your individual configurable 3D/AR product catalog and empower your sales teams across multiple platforms without any special skills needed. Connect roomle´s planning-based order lists with your internal systems to safe time and process costs.
Real Estate industry
Make your real estate projects interactively available in 2D/3D for web and mobile. Your clients and sales teams can immediately interact with your property floorplans, start furnishing and visualizing their future homes and work places live in 2D,3D & AR without any special skills needed.
See roomle in action
Schedule a call
Contact us and let us know more about your business that we can get the best solution for you.
White-label solution
We inform you how you can get started with your individual white-label roomle solution.
Receive Pricing
Let us show you how affordable our solution can be for your individual business case.