Rosary Center & Confraternity
Promoting Devotion to the Rosary for over 500 Years
Features and News
Who We Are
The Rosary Center and Confraternity
A ministry of the Dominican Friars of the
Province of the Most Holy Name of Jesus
Rosary Center Mission
Founded by the Dominican friars, the Rosary Center serves as the local headquarters of the global Rosary Confraternity, providing numerous resources to help the faithful grow in their love of our Lord, the Blessed Mother, the Rosary and the Catholic Church.
Pope Saint John Paul the Great declared the Rosary his favorite prayer, a “prayer for peace and for the family.” In 2008, Pope Benedict XVI said “without a doubt, this one of the most eloquent signs of love that the young generation nourish for Jesus and His Mother, Mary…this prayer helps to put Christ at the center.” Most recently, Pope Francis described the Rosary as “a prayer that always accompanies me; it is also the prayer of the ordinary people and the Saints…it is a prayer from my heart.”
Located next to Holy Rosary Church in the City of Roses — Portland, Oregon — we invite those who recite the Rosary regularly to enroll in the Confraternity, in order to gain extra spiritual benefits for each and every Rosary they pray.
The Dominicans
For 800 years the mission of the Order of Preachers has been to proclaim the Gospel to every corner of the world. We do this for one simple reason: that every soul may come to know and love Jesus Christ.
It was for this reason that St. Dominic de Guzman founded the Order of Preachers in 1216. Traveling through Spain and southern France with the Bishop of Osma, he encountered many confused people who believed that the physical world was evil, and created by an evil god. Dominic saw the need for good preachers who could explain the truth of the Catholic faith and reconcile those who had fallen away.
Today the Dominican Friars engage in a number of academic, pastoral and missionary apostolates around the world, including the work of the Rosary Center.
Get Involved
Transform your life through the Most Holy Rosary. Click below to learn more about the Rosary and the Rosary Confraternity.