Fantasy Football Player News
Rankings Wizard
Weekly Ranks
Who-To-Start
Player Comparison
NFL Columns
Daily Analysis
Player News
Injuries & Outlooks
Generate Lineups
DFS Optimizer
DFS Articles
DFS Lineup Picks
Matchup Ratings
Weekly Projections
Expert Q&A
One-On-One Chat
Lineup Tools & Resources
Premium Tools and DFS
Matchups & Starts/Sits
Waiver Wire Adds List
Fantasy Scoreboard
Defense Streamers
DFS Lineup Picks
Fantasy Football Rankings
Fantasy Football Rankings
QB | RB | WR | TE | DEF | PPR
IDP Rankings
Rookie Rankings
Dynasty Rankings
Best Ball Rankings (MFL10)
Fantasy Football Analysis
Week 8 Defense (DEF) Streamers and Starts - 2019 Fantasy Tiers, Rankings
This was a REALLY difficult week to rank, because there are so many usable DSTs this week. There are usable options all the way down to Tier 4 this week, and you're going to have something available to you on the waiver wire in even the deepest of leagues. Below are RotoBaller's Week 8 defense... Read More
Week 8 Waiver Wire Pickups & Adds
It's Chase Edmonds' world, we're just living in it. Wait, what? Hopefully you added him, as suggested in this column the past two weeks, because even if David Johnson is deemed healthy enough to actually play, it's likely Edmonds continues to see action. In QB news, by the halfway point of Thursday night, we already had... Read More
FAAB Bidding - Week 8 Waiver Wire Targets
Assisting our famous waiver wire pickups list, and our weekly waiver wire columns by position, this column focuses on suggested waiver wire bidding percentages for fantasy football owners in leagues using a Free Agent Acquisition Budget (FAAB). As a caveat, these prices do not by any means indicate how much these free agent players will... Read More
We Must Overreact Immediately! Week 7 Outliers
Week 7 seemed extremely fluky for fantasy football purposes. Devonta Freeman was ejected, and players like Will Fuller, Adam Thielen and Kerryon Johnson were both forced from their games very early on which hurt a lot of fantasy owners. The Rams wide receivers were supposed to light the world on fire against a Falcons secondary that... Read More
Deeper League Free Agent Pickups for Week 8
We're past the halfway point of the regular fantasy football season, which means you'd better start making some serious moves if you have any weaknesses in your roster. Unfortunately, this is also the time of the year when the waiver wire is at its most desolate. But that's why I'm here. To navigate you through... Read More
The Cut List - Players on the Chopping Block (Week 8)
This is your weekly list of players to drop. I will do my best to limit this list to injured players and players you might consider holding. If you roster pure handcuffs or backups, obviously you can let them go at any time. The players on this list will, ideally, be guys that aren't clearly... Read More
Week 8 Kicker Streamers and Starts - 2019 Fantasy Tiers, Rankings
Week 7 is over, and a few things have changed. The Los Angeles Rams learned how to play offense again, and the New York Jets came back to Earth, among other things. Week 7 was an especially quiet week for kickers across the NFL. A lot of kickers weren't able to get on the field... Read More
Running Back Waiver Wire Pickups - Week 8
The regular season continues to advance at a relentless pace as we have now entered planning for Week 8. Some of you are ecstatic with the level of production that has been delivered by your running backs. But many of you have been contending with unwanted developments at this position including injuries, inconsistent usage, and... Read More
Wide Receiver Waiver Wire Pickups - Week 8
We're heading into Week 8 of the NFL season. By now, some of y'all are getting a good sense of where you're at fantasy-wise, if you're heading to the postseason or playing for fun or, in a dynasty league, building for the future. This look at wide receivers is for all of you. As we... Read More
Week 8 Tight End Waiver Wire Picks and Streamers
A two-team bye week is a lot easier for fantasy football players to navigate than a four-team bye week. Fantasy owners are going to have to live without Dallas’ Jason Witten and Baltimore’s Mark Andrews in Week 8. If you have one of the those players as your starting tight end, the problem is that... Read More