Unlocked phones, tablets, modems and routers can be used with any network provider in any country in the world. Unlocking by code is extremely fast and permanent remote service which does not void the manufacturer’s warranty. This method is recommended by the phone manufacturers and network providers themselves!
Yes, routerunlock.com can unlock the blacklisted phones also. But you should remember that the unlocking removes the network blockage, not the blacklist status. We only use the recommended method to unlock by IMEI.
We offer the cheapest price around the world. Our team uses the recommended methods to unlock the phone. Unlocking of a phone is a simple, quick, secure and legal way. Unlocking by code does not temper the phone. After unlocking, you can use the device with every network from all over the world. We have already unlocked 1 lakh devices.
No, routerunlock.com unlocks the phone by code only. Code is based on IMEI and is unique to every phone. It is a recommended method to unlock your phone by the manufacturer. It doesn’t interfere in your phone in any way. You will not loose the warranty when you unlock the phone by a code.
Unlocking time, is based on a couple of the factors. It is based on the model, country and the network on which your phone is locked. The correct time will be written on the product page when you will proceed for payment. Routerunlock.com uses automatic system which brings the unlocking time to the minimum.
Unlocking price, is based on a couple of the factors. It is based on the model, country and the network on which your phone is locked. The correct price will be written on the product page when you will proceed for payment. Routerunlock.com provides the cheapest price around the world.
Once the order is placed at routerunlock.com, you will receive the unlock code by email within the specified time which is mentioned on product. Since we use automatic method, you will receive the unlock code as fast as possible.
Routerunlock.com is based on several years experience of unlocking. You can find out all our customer reviews at one place.
We provide 100% refund within a week, in case an unlock code is not found in database.
What Our Customer Says about RouterUnlock.com?
Locked network blocks unlocking from the web interface so needed to download dc-unlocker client. Support was really helpful so unlock was successful.
On two day evening after ordered, I received unlock code and it works fine.
Great Service in less than 1 hour! I am glad I finally found your Web-Site. Thanks again
Thanks a lot! It’s amazing how fast i got the code. Within 2 minutes! Thank you very much. Congratulations.