Teach amazing courses people will
Everything you need to connect with your audience, create inspiring content, and change the world.
Ruzuku has made my life so much easier and has helped me to help more women. Ruzuku has taken so much of the stress and effort out of running my program. I am very happy! I love the look and feel of my course — you all did a great job!
Online courses. So much promise. So much frustration.
If you’re reading this, you’re thinking about launching your first online course — or maybe you’ve already launched a program and are looking for a better, easier way to teach online.
You’ve scoured the Internet for something designed just for you: a tool that allows you to focus on creating content and engaging your students. Something that is powerful, but doesn’t overwhelm you with options.
Perhaps you’ve tried some of the other tools out there. Or maybe you’ve even attempted to custom build your own solution using WordPress and a bunch of plugins.
You're just looking for something that makes it easy for you to engage your students — that makes it possible for you to help them grow and allows you to witness this growth firsthand. On top of that, you need something that won’t break the bank.
Either way, you’re probably left asking yourself the same questions:
- Why is it so hard to deliver a course that inspires my students?
- Why is it so frustrating to build something that I’m proud to call my own?
We’ve experienced the same challenges running our own online courses.
We know you’re persistent. Even though it’s been difficult at times, you haven’t let that stop you.
Now imagine if you could have a system that lets you run your course easily. And a team that’s going to support you every step of the way.
We make it ridiculously easy to teach online.
Building and running a great online course is challenging.
Some days will be rewarding beyond your wildest dreams. You’ll connect with a student who gets it, who understands your message and who can’t stop raving about the results she’s getting from your course. Other days, though…it will be disappointing and exhausting.
But you’re not doing this because it’s easy. You’re doing this because it’s worth it.
And that’s why you need more than just a tool. You need a team and a community standing behind you, cheering you along.
With Ruzuku, you’re not buying a teaching tool, you’re joining a team.
A team that loves designing and building a great course platform — so that you can focus on creating inspiring content, promoting your course, and engaging your students.
A team that is happy to help with any of your tech questions.
AND more than happy to help with any of your students’ questions. (That’s right, we handle the dreaded “I can’t log in to my course” email for you.)
You’re joining a team that partners with you to change the world.
And you’re joining a community that will cheer and encourage your success.
Building my course inside Ruzuku has been simple and enjoyable, and your support is always timely, friendly, honest and helpful. The clean look and user-friendly interface for course participants is a total dream — no clutter of unnecessary bells and whistles. I find myself spending time in my course even when I don’t need to be there. It’s just so much fun to gaze at how professional it appears.
7 ways Ruzuku helps you change the world
You’re not just another pretty face
Maybe you’ve spent years building and refining your brand…or maybe you’re just starting to envision what that brand might feel like. Either way, you’ve been searching for a course platform that looks good, that’s easy-to-use — a platform you’d be proud to call your own.
We’ve given you simple ways to customize your course to fit your brand. Let’s face it, your students aren’t here to be wowed by our design prowess. Your students are here to connect with you. And at Ruzuku, we put you front-and-center.
No secret techie-knowledge needed
We want you to have a fabulous time creating and leading your online course. Really, the technology just needs to get out of the way…but often, it doesn’t. It pains us deeply when we see experts — people with generous intentions and great materials — attempt to deliver a course through a clunky, unattractive and downright frustrating interface. It happens every day and it’s an incredible waste.
We’ve put in the endless hours, sweating the details of a platform that will just work for both you and your students. If you can open a web browser, you know everything you need to start using Ruzuku. And for your students, it’s even easier. They join the course and are guided through the content. One lesson, one step at a time. It really doesn’t get any easier than that.
We are just loving Ruzuku! You guys have really HIT IT when it comes to design. Using your tool makes me more excited about teaching and makes my development process easier and my clients are LOVING IT.
Sculpt your course like
Michaelangelo
You’ve probably heard the story of Michelangelo. He said that every block of stone has a statue hidden inside and it’s the task of the sculptor to discover it.
In our medium of online courses, you’re a sculptor. You’ve spent years building your expertise and now you need a tool that will help you sculpt your course into an amazing work of art. Ruzuku is that tool.
Lead your tribe
Think about the people you serve. Your mission is to lead your tribe on a journey of learning and discovery. You create a culture around learning goals. You connect your participants to one another. You build and nurture a tribe. Technology should support your tribe. The more you can connect, the stronger your tribe will grow.
That might mean offering bite-sized learning opportunities, available “On Demand,” whenever someone is ready to learn. Or it might mean nurturing a learning community as part of a live, scheduled course — a tribe of like-minded people sharing and growing together. Either way, we make it easy to create your learning culture, connect your participants, and deepen your tribal bonds.
Go the distance with your business
Short-term thinking? That’s so five years ago. You want to build something real. A business that can go the distance. That means you need sustainable cash flow. Offering high-value online courses can help you get there.
With Ruzuku, you don’t need to worry about the complexities of accepting credit cards or how to support international customers. People buy your course and the money shows up in your account. All the money you earn is yours. We don’t take a cut. Simple. Easy.
I searched and searched for a way to present my classes online that had the curriculum design elements that I wanted and knew my students needed. Ruzuku has it. I was impressed…and, well, it’s not always easy to impress me. :)
Be an authentic expert
Every day you’re working to stand out — to provide distinctive value through your writing, speaking, and teaching. You put care and attention into every aspect of how you present yourself as an authentic expert. From your blog to your Facebook page to your email list.
Now you’re choosing the platform that will provide the deepest expression of your authenticity and brand. It’s essential that your participants have a great experience in your online program, so they can truly connect with you as an authentic expert. Ruzuku makes that easy to do.
Start having fun again
Who says that online teaching and growing an online business have to be a slog? What happened to the joy of teaching? The fulfillment that comes from seeing our students get it? Those moments of joy and connection make all the hard work worthwhile.
If you’re ready to start having fun again — if you’re ready to spend time on teaching instead of tech and on pedagogy instead of plugins — we’re here to help.
I’ve been using Ruzuku for over a year now and have found it to be the perfect solution to my online course creation needs…and the level of customer service Ruzuku provides is unparalleled. I only wish that my cell phone company was as responsive as they are!
We want to help you change the world.
A note from Miriam Crystal,
Co-founder and Chief Happiness Officer at Ruzuku
When you start creating your online course, you’ll inevitably hit some points where you feel stuck or uncertain about how to proceed.
It’s just a natural part of the learning process!
You’ll probably have questions about…
- how to schedule your course and “drip” the content over time
- setting a price for your course and linking it to your Stripe or PayPal account
- hosting a live teleconference for a Q&A session in your course
- and probably much much more!
What we’d like you to feel, as you encounter those bumps in the road, is a sense of calm and confidence. Because you know you have a team to support you.
One of our clients wrote to us recently, “I can’t tell you how reassuring it was to know, to believe, that while I had stumbled in my creating a course process, there would be a personalized answer to my dilemma by morning.”
Now imagine how having that confidence in your course platform and team will help you. How you’ll be able to relax and focus on what really matters: creating a magnetic course and serving your participants.
This support actually carries over to your students, too. From browser issues to simple sign in problems, we handle all of your students’ tech and registration questions.
Consider us your friendly front office — handling most of the questions from your students so you can focus on teaching your courses, creating new courses, or just taking a little time for yourself.
It’s our mission to usher in a new wave of independent, authentic teachers around the world — and invest them with the tools and support to succeed.
Join us as we change the world,
How are people changing the world with Ruzuku?
Andrea Scher helps unlock tenderness, intuition & baby steps of bravery at superherolife.com.
Adrian Klaphaak helps people discover the work they are meant to do at apaththatfits.com.
Emily Bennington coaches women to marry high performance with a calm mind and spiritual depth at emilybennington.com.
Shawn Fink inspires moms to create a family life built around connection, playfulness, and traditions at abundantmama.com.
Jeffrey Davis inspires artists and creatives to flourish in times of challenge and change at trackingwonder.com.
Jeanine Blackwell equips and empowers experts to create successful online businesses at jeanineblackwell.com.
Why do I love, use, and highly recommend Ruzuku? First, the people — real, smart, nice, and available! Second, their deep commitment to learning that actually works. Third, the ability to check off the steps you have done, which is so empowering as a student. Finally, the crisp easy to use interface (for students and teacher/creators) and the overall fab vibe that makes me feel great.
Now let’s see what you can do…
Our free trial is more than a trial. It’s your key to unlock an entire library of training, inspiration, and practical examples.
You’ll get instant access to this powerful curriculum of training programs:
- 5 Steps to Your Online Course
- Ruzuku 101: Create, Sell & Teach Your Course
- 3 Steps to a Wildly Successful Online Teaching Business
- Rock Your Ruzuku
…PLUS bonus access to real self-improvement courses from brilliant experts:
Your Best Self
Creative Sandbox 101
The Resilient Mind
…AND 2 great ways to jumpstart your progress:
A complimentary 20-minute consultation to provide feedback on your course design.
Access to our private Facebook group of Ruzuku instructors, where you can share ideas and find course partners.
Get immediate access.
Start changing your world today.
Your 100% free trial of Ruzuku includes everything you need to start creating courses. Not only can you create a course — you can actually start accepting registrations and making money from your course during your trial without paying us a dime.
We’re not even gonna ask you for your credit card information up-front. If you love Ruzuku, you can sign up later. If not, you don’t have to worry about the hassle of cancelling.
Simple. Easy. No commitment.Start your 14-day unlimited-use free trial »