RV Trip Planning has never been easier. Save time, plan safe RV routes, find great campgrounds.
Browse from ALL Campground Affiliations (Good Sam, Passport America, etc...). No Restrictions like other tools.
The fun of travel and exploring is finding unique places. We have an ever-growing list of locations to choose from.
See the Route you are taking, with Campgrounds, Gas Stops, points of interest and more.
The Wiz will help to estimate the cost of your trip with Gas and Campground Fees. Updated as you update your trip.
Set your Driving Distances and the map will show you if you may have stretched yourself too thin on a leg of your trip.
Have a web browser? Of course you do, so don't worry about downloading any applications, or applying updates. Its all built on the web.
This just scratches the surface of all the powerful features you’ll receive for less than 11 cents per day.
It all comes down to choices. We give you all of them.
Most RV Planner tools only show campgrounds and locations affiliated with their publisher. RV Trip Wizard has no restrictions and is built to work with how you like to travel. Don’t fall victim to one affiliation and add time and cost to your trips.More about our Features →
My husband and I are full time RVers in a 45ft 5th wheel toy hauler. I use RV Trip Wizard to plan our route. It has made my trip planning so much easier since I can filter out campgrounds that cannot accommodate our trailer. The ability to check reviews and to go to the campgrounds' websites from the app is also extremely useful. I recommend RV Trip Wizard to other RVers all the time.
If you are worried about low bridges on your trip or where the best, low cost parks are, worry no more because this App is absolutely the best RV trip planer out there. We've tried them all and this ones smokes them all. Spot on! If you have a smart phone or a tablet, RV Trip Wizard works with either, we absolutely rely on it and would not leave our home without planning our route with this tool first. Highly recommend it…
We took a 3 month trip last year and I looked for a good trip planner. I tried winging it with google earth and researching the internet at first. Then I found RV Trip Wizard. I thought I try it. Just a few hours in to planning our trip I was hooked. It has everything I need to plan our trips. Way worth the small price. And the great part it's got better since last years trip. They keep adding and making it better all the time. I've got this years about ready to go and a few small side trips already planned.
An unconditional 30 day full refund is available if you’re not 100% happy.