The traffic is mainly from mobile, so we are focused on UI and UX of Ryviu app.Find more
With a real-time notification system, you can interact with users quickly.Find more
You can import product reviews data very quickly with free chrome extension.Find more
Customer reviews are showing on each product with this feature. It includes many useful features
It displays frequently asked questions of customers and answers.
With free chrome extension, you can import reviews from Aliexpress or Amazon with few clicks.
Ryviu is the best app created when it comes to adding reviews from Aliexpress & Amazon.
It has full integration with Importify & Zonify and a very simple process to import product reviews.
I ran a few Facebook Ads with no results.
I researched and found that I needed social proof, and, being a new store, I didn’t have any reviews yet.
I found this app, imported reviews and made my first sale immediately after running my next Facebook ad. I can say confidently that this app was the deciding factor on my sales.
Ryviu Team, you guys are awesome.
They have the life-time subscription and it is the most affordable one so far.
If any of you are looking to import reviews from AliExpress or Amazon, then you must check this out.
Keep up the Good work!!!!
Support is amazing and the app looks beautiful. Way to go Ryviu, that' s how you win customers and loyal followers of your great work.
Our apps have worked wonderful for us, nicely built, and support, very understanding and helpful.
Thanks for everything. Best wishes!
Being completely honest.
Because I am a business guy rather than a tech guy I have had more than a few difficulties with this app and have not got the full use out of it.
However I decided to give this one last try I have to say that the help and customer service I received from both Yen and then Tuyen was fantastic.
Now my reviews are up to date and the layout on my shopify store looks great!
This plugin is amazing, and saves so much time.
Easy install instructions and great support from the programmer.
Wish all plugins were this good!