Easy. Powerful. Affordable
Our softwares can be setup in
minutes. Designed to perfection.
Eliminate the time you spend in
data entry. Free up your employees
and increase their productivity.
Reduces the manual mistakes
made when doing manual data
entry.
User Interface built based on
Industry best technologies for seamless
experience.
Built for safety. Your data is
transferred by 2048 bit SSL with a 256 bit encryption.We apply 100+ safety
checks.You can focus on your
business and rely on us for data security
Our applications seamlessly
integrates your accounting software
with google drive, box, dropbox,
ftp and sftp.
SaasAnt takes out the pain of manual data entry into your accounting software such as QuickBooks online using seamless integration
SaasAnt reduces number of possible manual mistakes and helps you to import accurate transaction in your accounting software
A re-imagined user experience
is provided to import your
transactions.The industry best
software technologies are
used to enable faster imports.
You’re in the most capable
and caring of hands.
SaasAnt increases your
productivity by offering simple user
experience,intelligent platform
and key integration to enrich
your accounting needs.
SaasAnt products are used by
Accountants, Proadvisors &
Small Business Users (SMB)
Transactions processed
Files Uploaded
Customers
Flexibility and Customization of SaasAnt
Products make it easy to integrate into any
workflow and system
We automate your imports. Our products
integrate with FTP/ SFTP servers,Google
Drive,Box,DropBox & etc.
See how we stack up against other
competitors.
We recently switched to QBO and using a new POS system. The bad - our POS won't upload to QBO - so I tried SaasAnt on the recommendation of my CPA. Wow! Amazing. Before I was having to enter all our receipts by hand, and all the payments by hand. Taking me about two hours to complete. Now I just download my receipts and payments to a csv file from my POS and upload it through SaasAnt which uploads it to QBO. Takes me about 10 minutes! Love that if I've made a mistake, SaasAnt points it out very quickly. I have had ZERO problems with this software and LOVE it!Rhandi,St George, Utah
In every program there are little things that we all wish they had. With quickbooks the lack of import functionality can lead to hours of headache. This program intuitively and seamlessly solves this problem. It has saved me thousands of dollars in accounting payroll. The best $10 a month I have the pleasure of spending.Carlen CEO
Our firm is the 2016 Firm of the Future Finalist for Canada. We actively review applications as part of the Jennie Approved Apps program. SaasAnt is a powerhouse application used for individuals with strong accounting knowledge. It has been a valuable tool for our firm when migrating clients outside of the Intuit Family. Most recently we used SaasAnt to convert a client file from AccPac to Quickbooks Online.Jennie,Foxboro, Belleville, ON K0K, Canada
I've used many importer type systems and this one stands on the top of the list. I was able to import my whole accounting system by using this product from an older out dated system and it worked like a charm. Their customer service was quick to return my emails when I did run into an issue with one of my files. Thanks SaasAnt!Paul,Santa Monica, CA, USA
This app has been a lifesaver. With every new client I take on comes a mounting of transactions to enter into QBO. I was thrilled when I found the SaasAnt App. First of all it closely resembled QBO which was one of the features that drew me to it. Once, I started to use it, I found that it was a comprehensive solution for entering transactions into QBO. It was so easy to use. Just this week, I used it to enter over 10k transactions into QBO 3K at a time. I was amazed. I expecially LOVED being able to reach into QBO and take out transactions that I did not use the software to put into QBO. This saved me a lot of time. They thought about everything!! This software is a lifesaver in my practice and has become a tool that I cannot live without.Jennifer,Providence, RI, USA
I am a QuickBooks ProAdvisor, and this app has saved me numerous hours of frustration and work when cleaning up client QBO errors. The feature that has been most useful to me has been the Modify function. I have a client who tends to post payments by check to the bank account rather than undeposited funds. Through using SaasAnt Excel I am able to Export the payment transactions into an Excel file, change the GL Account from the Bank to Undeposited Funds, and then use the Modify function to correct the coding in QBO. It has saved me countless hours. I've used several of the Transaction Import apps, but this is the one I eventually chose as my go-to favorite.Stellar Accounting
SaasAnt is an excellent product! I uploaded our sales to QBO for the whole year in no time. It was just as easy to back them out (when I needed to changes categories for example) using the Delete command. They also provide tools to update existing QBO records. Very intuitive interface and their online support was excellent (even over Thanksgiving weekend).Bodda Getta ,Alabama
Real Time Saver!Electric Kids,LLC
Before switching to SaasAnt, we were exporting orders manually, it was incredibly too much time and energy consuming. Once the configuration is done with the app, it takes only a few minutes to export Purchase Orders to Quickbooks as invoice or estimate. The Customer Service is also great, we always find someone to help us out promptly. We save so much time using this app, I definitely recommend this to everyone!