The Chairperson of the African Union Commission Moussa Faki calls for the immediate removal of sanctions imposed on the Republic of Zimbabwe in continuity of his call during his visit to Zimbabwe from 18-20 February 2018, and in support of today's…Read More Tweet!
On this day, 25th October 2019, the Southern African Development Community (SADC) reiterates its call for the removal of all forms of sanctions imposed on Zimbabwe to pave way for socio-economic transformation and economic development of Zimbabwe. The…Read More Tweet!
Statement by His Excellency Emmerson D. Mnangagwa, President of the Republic of Zimbabwe, and the Chairperson of the SADC Organ on Politics, Defence and Security Cooperation Following the 15 October, 2019 Presidential, Legislative and Provincial Elections…Read More Tweet!
The Minister of Fisheries and Sea of the Republic of Angola, Honourable Dr Maria Antonieta Josefina Sabina Baptista, on 17th of October 2019 in Gaborone, Botswana, signed the Charter establishing the SADC Regional Fisheries Monitoring Control Surveillance…Read More Tweet!
The Regional Indicative Strategic Development Plan of SADC is a comprehensive 15–year strategic roadmap, which provides the strategic direction for achieving SADC’s long term social and economic goals. It also provides the SADC Secretariat and other SADC institutions with clear guidelines on SADC’s approved social and economic priorities and policies and therefore, enhancing their effectiveness in discharging their facilitating and coordinating role. It was approved by SADC Summit in 2003 and its effective implementation began in 2005.
The Revised Edition of the Strategic Indicative Plan for the Organ (SIPO II) provides a review of the first edition of the Plan. Based on the objectives and common agenda of SADC, the Strategic Indicative Plan for the Organ, first signed in 2004, provided general guidelines that spelt out specific implementation activities, in accordance with the objectives of the Protocol on Defense, Politics and Security Cooperation, and the strategies for their realisation, covering the Public Security, Political, Defence, and State security sectors.