CONGRATULATIONS! You found the electronic music making motherlode! This exquisite hand-picked collection of original 16-bit 44khz samples is entirely free — as it has been since 2001 when I started organizing this library...
If this isn't the best $29 you've ever spent on samples, I'll give you $34 back, no joke.
FEBRUARY 18, 2019: The collection just received a huge update, with over 3,400 brand new samples (1.5GB) collected over the past two years.
Royalty free songs you can download, remix, and use in your own projects. SampleSwap members have contributed over 2,500 songs, many of which have been picked up for use in film, TV, video games and apps.
Featured tracks for October 23, 2019
- Solstice by Tejaswi
- A Letter From Hell by indigochild
Loopy News
3,400 Brand New Samples Now Available for Download
The February 2019 update of SampleSwap includes over 1.5 Gigabytes of brand new content: loops, vocals, instruments, drum kits, effects and more. Moreover, the entire SampleSwap library has been reorganized to make it easier than ever to find the sounds you’re looking for. As always, all individual sounds are available as free downloads by browsing […]
Rhythmic Loops from a 1909 oil-powered engine
Here’s a set of six rhythmic loops ranging from 74 BPM to 145 BPM crafted from this incredible sounding oil-powered engine posted to YouTube by ‘rustymotor’. 1909 10HP Blackstone oil engine was used for pumping water from a river to a market garden. The engine was sabotaged in the 1920s by someone blowing up the […]
Talking Drums Recording from 1952
I’ve been making my way through this wonderful collection of records from 1952 made by famous ethnomusicologist Hugh Tracey. Here’s one of my favorites so far on talking drums from Congo. This material is copyrighted, but as far as I can tell, totally unavailable anywhere online. I suspect Hugh Tracey himself would be very happy […]
Mighty Masked Contrabass (Sample Set Download)
I was browsing Reddit a few months ago and came across this YouTube video of a mad Italian fellow who plays a pocket trumpet with a contrabass reed instead of a regular mouthpiece. (See below.) Spectacular and beautifully weird, don’t you think? Well, I got in touch with this masked wobble bass crusader (Piero Bittolo […]
“Full Ensemble” loops for remixing – check them out!
Nestled deep within SampleSwap (inside MELODIC SAMPLES & LOOPS) you’ll find a folder named FULL ENSEMBLE BPM. Crappy name, I know. But *lovely* and inspiring samples. Have a look.
500 MB of Brand New Samples Added to the Collection
Thank you to everyone who contributed original samples over the last two years. I've listened to every sample (over 20GB of uploads in total) so as to organize and integrate only the very best 500 MB of these sounds.