This site uses cookies and other website monitoring technologies to assist with website functions and with our promotional and marketing efforts. By clicking Accept, you consent to the terms in our recently updated Privacy Notice and Policy Manual.
AcceptDecline
This site uses cookies and other website monitoring technologies to assist with website functions and with our promotional and marketing efforts. By clicking Accept, you consent to the terms in our recently updated Privacy Notice and Policy Manual.
AcceptDecline
MICRO RUGGED SOLUTIONS
Rugged contact systems, rugged signal integrity and flexible power interconnects with unmatched service and support.
Fellow Samtec blogger David Pike recently asked the question, “Is Copper Dead?” He eloquently answers the question that copper and optical solutions still have long runways of growth. One group driving interest in optics is the Consortium for On-Board Optics (COBO). They are focu...
The top level of product categories on Samtec.com feature our Connectors, Cables, Optics, and RF pages, which give users a jumpoff point into the four main categories of products that Samtec sells. These pages were first released in 2016 with a very simple approach, to get the us...
In 1995, I attended a seminar in which the presenter told us that copper was dead. This sort of statement is not new. The connector market is filled with armchair pundits who predict the demise of everything from D-Subminiature connectors (which are very much alive and kicking) ...
The FPGA (or ACAP) universe gathered at the San Jose Fairmount last week during the Xilinx Developer Forum. Engineers, data scientists, analysts, distributors, alliance partners and more came to learn about the latest hardware, software and system level solutions from Xilinx. Xil...
Samtec recently held its first annual Samtec Cares Day, where we welcomed dozens of local non-profits to our headquarters in New Albany, Indiana. The Samtec Cares Grant Program was created to positively impact and assist organizations within the communities in which Samtec associ...