Now you can simply paste buy now buttons directly onto your existing website or blog. With your visual website editor. Or embed a whole store.
Sell from your website, blog, Facebook and other social media, through chats, forums and more. All with the same solution.
Sell physical products, digital goods, event tickets. Create e-gift cards, coupons and set up donation drives.
No payment details required
Whether you sell one item or thousands: with Santu you can add products or a complete store to your existing website, blog, Facebook and other social media.
Or to your own instant store. Santu is a fully featured e-Commerce solution.
Yet creating your first product is as simple as adding a name and a price.
Start sharing products at the push of a button and make buying super-easy via mobile phones, tablets, laptops and desktop computers.
Accept payments directly from your buyers or via PayPal and more than 50 other payment services.
Triple your sales by letting your customers buy, wherever they see your products.
Selling is simpler with Santu.
Santu has a product type for every occasion – now one solution does it all.
Sell products. Distribute digital goods such as eBooks, songs, photos or documents with automatic delivery. Run donation drives or fundraisers. Offer general admission tickets to your events and scan tickets at the door with our apps or sell paid subscriptions.
It’s all there.
Nothing else compares.
If you want more sales, buying must be as simple as possible. Wherever your customers find your products.
So we have removed all hurdles which could get in the way of a good sale.
Santu’s unique buy now buttons and links send your customers directly to your check-out.
Without detours.
Buying couldn’t be any easier.
The Internet has moved into buyers’ pockets.
Up to 65% of buyers use their mobile phone first when they want to buy something.
If your site isn’t mobile, you are losing sales. So we take care of it. No matter how buyers access the net: Santu presents your products in the best light.
Mobile phones, phablets, tablets, laptops, desktops: all covered.
Santu offers sellers kick-ass eCommerce performance while providing designers with total design freedom.
Now you have a solution which allows you to add a store or shopping cart to websites, WordPress blogs or anywhere else you want – without compromising your design.
Santu is jam-packed with features. It’s your one stop fully featured eCommerce, shopping cart and sales solution.
List and manage products, variations and options. Offer discounts, coupons, calculate taxes and shipping charges automatically. Provide memberships and reward programs. Sell anywhere. Manage products, incoming payments, orders, shipping. Integrate with back-end systems.
And much, much more.
Whether you sell one product or thousands: Santu gives you the simplicity you need when you start out and the power and flexibility you require when you are successful.
Santu’s unique buy now buttons and links make selling your products super easy.
You don’t even need a website.
Just share your links with the click of a button anywhere you want and give your customers instant access to your shopping cart.
Let your customers buy directly from your website, Facebook, blogs, Twitter, YouTube, Pinterest, Craig’s List, Gumtree, Skype, email, SMS, radio, TV, printed magazines, drink coasters, letter drops and more. All with the same simple solution.
Only Santu gives you the power to sell anywhere you want.
Reach more buyers and triple your sales.
Free: Start selling in 40 secondsJoin us