What is Sustainable Agriculture Research and Education (SARE)?
Discover how farmers and ranchers are working with SARE to improve the sustainability of U.S. agriculture.
REGIONAL NEWS
- NCR-SARE Seeking Review Committee Members
- NCR-SARE Announces 2019 Research & Education, G...
- NCR-SARE Announces 2020 Youth Educator Sustaina...
- Cover Crops Incorporated into Rotational Grazin...
- Southern SARE On-Farm Research Grant Call for P...
- Low-external-input Sustainable Agriculture Prov...
WANT GRANT INFORMATION?
Hot Topics in Sustainable Agriculture
Visit SARE's Topic Rooms for in-depth resources on important topics in sustainable agriculture, including:
What is Soil Health
Soil health plays an essential role in raising healthy, productive crops and livestock. With this interactive infographic, learn how practices such as cover crops, no-till, crop rotation and the integration of livestock work in concert to improve soil health.
Cover Crops
The many benefits of cover crops are increasingly appreciated among farmers. They play an important role in erosion control, weed control, soil conservation and soil health. With careful selection and management, they fit into any crop rotation or cropping system, such as no-till farming, and are integral to organic farming.
Season Extension
Find in-depth information about high tunnels, hoop houses and other season extension techniques, including high tunnel construction, commercial greenhouse production, high tunnel vegetable production and more.
Explore additional SARE Topic Rooms on local and regional food systems, organic production and on-farm energy production.
What is Sustainable Agriculture?
Every day, farmers and ranchers around the world develop new, innovative strategies to produce and distribute food, fuel and fiber sustainably. While these strategies vary greatly they all embrace three broad goals, or what SARE calls the 3 Pillars of Sustainability:
There are almost as many ways to reach these goals as there are farms and ranches in America.
To learn more, check out the award-winning What is Sustainable Agriculture?.