Transforming Talent Assessment Globally
Competition for talent is fierce and the quality of your people is key for success. We offer a smarter approach to talent assessment which delivers results. Our industry-leading psychometric assessments embrace innovation and set the market standard for validity, ensuring you confidently and accurately match the right talent, to the right roles.
We partner with organizations to transform how you:
Hire Talent
Improve quality of hire by fairly and objectively hiring the right people into the right roles.
Build Talent
Develop an agile and dynamic workforce equipped to deliver success.
Lead Talent
Recognize leadership potential, go beyond competencies and link leadership style to organizational outcomes.
Start transforming your talent assessment with our industry-leading products and training:
Personality Questionnaires
Our Wave and Strengths personality questionnaires set the market standard with industry-leading research into successful workplace performance and the relationship between motive, talent and culture.
Assessment Packages
Create an engaging, efficient and effective solution for screening large numbers of applicants, blending our suite of aptitude tests, strengths questionnaires and situational judgment tests (SJTs).
Accreditation Training
Gain access to the most valid personality questionnaires on the market and our portfolio of aptitude tests with our psychometric testing training courses providing eligibility for full BPS accreditation.
Global Capability
We partner with some of the world’s leading brands to deliver large-scale, multinational assessment projects via our expansive colleague network.
Who We Work With
We are trusted by an extensive range of organizations, including multinational corporations, governments, professional bodies, educational institutions and healthcare trusts.
Whatever the sector, the project, or the client, our team of experts go the extra mile to ensure that our world-class products are matched by world-class service and results.
How Do I Get Started?
Our online assessments are delivered via our Oasys platform. This can be integrated with major Applicant Tracking Systems (ATS) such as Taleo, Oracle, Success Factors, Avature and many more. Clients can set up their own platform or run projects via our bureau service.
To find out more about what we do, get in touch and a member of our team will contact you shortly.
Thank you for contacting us
One of our team will get back to you shortly.