- Find a Branch
-
Contact Us
Call
-
Schwab Brokerage800-435-4000
-
Schwab Password Reset800-780-2755
-
Schwab Bank888-403-9000
-
Schwab Intelligent Portfolios®855-694-5208
-
Schwab Trading Services888-245-6864
-
-
- Chat
-
- Log In
- Chat
-
This site is intended for U.S. residents. Please visit your local site for products and services relevant to you. Continue by selecting your location from the drop-down menu.
Welcome to a more modern way to invest
- More ways to invest how you want
- Your satisfaction is guaranteed
- Trading tools that are powerful yet easy to use
- Robo-advice & unlimited professional guidance
- Compare Schwab and see the differences
- $0 commissions for online trades
The testimonial may not be representative of the experience of other clients and is not indicative of future performance or success. Investing involves risk, including possible loss of principal.
The testimonial may not be representative of the experience of other clients and is not indicative of future performance or success. Investing involves risk, including possible loss of principal.
News & Commentary
WashingtonWise Investor: Episode 4
October 22, 2019
We encourage your questions. Here are top questions from investors like you.
Ready to Start
- How much does it cost to work with Schwab?
-
- $0 online stock and ETF trade commissions1,2
- Thousands of non-load, no-transaction fee mutual funds3
- No charge to work with a Schwab Financial Consultant (other account fees, fund expenses, and brokerage commissions may apply)
- How do I open an account?
-
You can open an account online, by phone, or in one of over 300 branches.
Click here to open an account online in about 10 minutes.
- Choose your account type
- Complete an application
- Get started funding and investing
Or call us at 866-855-9102 or find a branch.
- How easy is it to switch brokerage providers?
-
Moving your existing account to a new brokerage firm may seem daunting, but Schwab makes the process easy:
- Open a Schwab account
- Use our online account transfer tool to initiate the process and monitor progress
- View and access your assets in your Schwab account
Need help? Our account transfer specialists can assist you every step of the way. Call us at 866-855-9102.
Click here to open a Schwab account or log in to begin the transfer process.
What We Offer
- What kind of investment products does Schwab offer?
-
Our wide selection of investment products provides you with the numerous choices in building a diversified portfolio to help reach your goals.
Investment Product What it is Why you may want it Mutual Funds A mutual fund is an investment vehicle made up of a pool of funds from many investors that buys stocks, bonds, and other securities. Mutual funds make it easy to diversify your portfolio and get professional management, so you don’t have to research, buy, and track every security in the fund. Stocks A stock represents a share in the ownership of a company, including a claim on the company’s earnings and assets. As such, stockholders are partial owners of the company. Stocks are fundamental to nearly every portfolio and have historically outperformed most other investments over time (past performance cannot guarantee future results). ETFs An ETF, or exchange-traded fund, is an investment fund or portfolio of securities that holds assets like stocks, bonds, or commodities, generally designed to track an index. Unlike mutual funds, which are bought from or redeemed by the fund company for that day’s closing net asset value (NAV), ETFs are bought and sold at market value, trading on an exchange throughout the day. In addition to adding diversity to your portfolio, ETFs typically have higher daily liquidity and lower fees than mutual fund shares, making them an attractive alternative for individual investors. Options An option is a financial derivative that represents a contract sold by one party (the option writer) to another party (the option holder). The contract offers the buyer the right, but not the obligation, to buy (call) or sell (put) a security or other financial asset at an agreed-upon price (the strike price) until or upon a specific date (expiration date). Options can provide more-flexible strategies than stocks. Futures Futures are financial contracts obligating the buyer to purchase an asset or the seller to sell an asset, such as a physical commodity or a financial instrument, at a predetermined future date and price. Futures can provide a fast and cost-effective way for you to access financial and commodity markets around the clock. Closed-End Funds A closed-end fund (CEF), or closed-ended fund, is a pooled investment fund with a portfolio managed by an investment advisor. CEF’s issue a fixed number of shares that trade on an exchange and are not redeemable from the fund. Unlike open-end funds (i.e., mutual funds), new shares in a closed-end fund are not created by managers to meet demand from investors. Closed-end funds offer investors diversification along with the potential for regular income distributions. Bonds, CDs, and Other Fixed Income Fixed income investments are types of investments that seek to provide interest payments at regular intervals. Fixed income investments can give you a reasonably dependable income stream while also providing portfolio diversification, capital preservation, and (in some cases) potential tax benefits. Money Market Funds Money market funds invest in short-term debts that typically have low risk. Money market funds can offer stability of capital, liquidity, and yield. Global Investing Investing in foreign securities. Global investing can provide more portfolio diversification and has the potential for investment opportunities in emerging markets around the world.
- What are the tools & resources offered to traders like me?
-
Trading with Schwab means getting the innovative tools, premium insights, robust education, and dedicated specialist support of Schwab Trading Services™—all of which help give you what you need to make informed and timely trading decisions. And all with no trade minimums or platform fees (other account fees, fund expenses, and brokerage commissions may apply; see our Pricing guide for details).
Trade Stocks ETFs, Mutual Funds, and Options
Experience high-quality trade executions and use convenient online order tools including the All In One Trade Ticket®.
Access Robust Tools and Platforms
Trade with powerful web, software, and mobile trading platforms featuring advanced tools that are intuitive to use.
Generate Trade Ideas
Find your next trade with intuitive tools, plus trading insights and discussions from our Trading Community.
Use Expert Insights and Premium Research
Sharpen your instincts with actionable trading research and insights from Schwab and third parties.
Access Trading Education
Sharpen your trading skills using over 300 articles, videos, and guides, plus live and virtual trading workshops.
Get Up and Running Quickly
A one-on-one consultation with a trading specialist includes a strategy review, help setting up your tools, and more.
Rely on Dedicated Support
Receive priority access to dedicated specialists for ongoing, professional trading guidance.
- How can Schwab help me manage my investments on my own?
-
We believe investing should be done on your terms. So even if you want to manage your investments yourself, you can access our expert research, insights, platforms, and service specialists to help you when you need it.
Make all the decisions on your own
Take advantage of our online tools, extensive research, expert insights, education opportunities, and dedicated support to help you make informed and timely decisions about your investments.
Rely on a professional when you need to
Meet with a Schwab Financial Consultant to evaluate your current portfolio and, if needed, help you make adjustments so you’ll have a plan that addresses your long- and short-term goals.
Call us at 866-855-9102 for 24/7 investing support and to learn more about how we can help you reach your financial goals.
- Why should I bank with Schwab Bank?
-
You’ll pay no ATM fees1 or transaction fees2 and have no account minimums while banking anytime, anywhere with Schwab Mobile3. The Schwab Bank High Yield Investor Checking®4 account is linked to a Schwab One® brokerage account so you can easily manage both accounts with a single login.
There are no monthly account service fees, you’ll earn interest on your balance, and your account is FDIC-insured up to $250,000.5 You’ll receive free standard checks and a Visa® Platinum Debit Card once the account has been funded.
Open a Schwab Bank High Yield Investor Checking account or learn more.
How we Help
- How can Schwab manage my investments for me?
-
At Schwab, you have access to a wide range of investment management services to help you reach your goals. And you’ll have access to a variety of investment strategies, investment advice, and the ability to regularly monitor and rebalance your portfolio.
Compare your options by going here.
- What makes Schwab different?
-
We take a modern approach to investing. We believe in asking questions, being engaged, and taking ownership of your future.
We measure ourselves not only by what we do, but by how we do it. Every action and decision is based on building trust and seeing things through the eyes of our clients.
Schwab was selected as one of the Top 50 companies on the 2019 'World's Most Admired Companies®' list. Schwab also ranked #1 for Innovation in Key Attributes of Reputation within the Securities and Asset Management category.1
Don’t just take our word for it. See what clients have to say about Schwab.
- What is it like to work with Schwab?
-
At Schwab, we believe in putting investors first. We champion investors and those who serve them because we believe everyone should have the opportunity to achieve great financial outcomes.
We see the world through your eyes. We get to know you and your needs before we make investment recommendations. We offer guidance, insights, and support no matter what type of account you have.
Don't see the answer you need?
Open your account today.
Let's take the next step together.Open Your Account
Other sites for advisors, investment professionals and employers:
Check the background of Charles Schwab or one of its investment professionals on FINRA's BrokerCheck.