No Programming Required!
You can now make advanced games without writing a line of code. Construct 2 does the hard work so you don't have to.
Our highly intuitive event system makes putting your games together quick and easy.
You've finally found it. The powerful, full featured and professional game development software you've always been looking for.
Build Your Dream Games
Airscape
Explore incredible gravity defying worlds.
Made with Construct 2!
Cosmochoria
Discover mesmerizing planets and mysteries. Made with Construct 2!
The Next Penelope
Outlandishly beautiful racing and shooting arcade style game packed with style and class.
Made with Construct 2!
Build Once. Publish Everywhere.
True multiplatform support. Build your game in Construct 2 and publish it to all these platforms.
-
Web (HTML5)
-
Wii U
-
iOS
-
Android
-
Windows 10, 8 & RT
-
Windows Phone 8
-
Windows Desktop
-
Mac Desktop
-
Linux Desktop
-
Blackberry 10
-
Firefox Marketplace
-
Tizen
-
Facebook
-
Chrome Web Store
-
Amazon Appstore
Become a Global Success
Mortar Melon was made in Construct 2, has been featured in numerous countries, topping charts worldwide and has exceeded one million downloads!
Henry Hoffman
Co-Founder/Creative Director Mudvark Ltd
"Using Construct 2 I built the Mortar Melon prototype in just 2 days. Within 3 months we had launched world-wide. The pipeline and workflow for 2D games was unmatched, allowing for much faster iteration over other engines."
Unleash Your Creativity
You can now make games. All you need is an idea, and Construct 2.
KaMiZoTo
CoinOp Story Developer
"Construct 2 is, by far, the most easiest and well made 2d game creation tool I've ever tried. Its event system is very intuitive and powerful, especially for a non programmer like me. "CoinOp Story" wouldn't exist without it!"
Reliable, Stable & Powerful.
Construct 2 has been downloaded over 5,200,000 times to date and is actively used by tens of thousands of game developers.
There's a community of Construct 2 game developers waiting for you to join their ranks. This software has your name on it.
Jump in now, don't look back.
Physics
Add realistic physics effects to your games in a few easy clicks.
Special Effects
Over 70 visual effects to make your games look exceptional.
Preview over Wifi
Instantly preview your games on mobiles & tablets over Wifi.
Complete Manual
Full access to our comprehensive documentation.
Friendly Community
Get help and share your experiences with our welcoming and friendly community.
Extendible
Use our fully documented Javascript SDK to extend Construct 2.
Audio Effects
Use positioned sounds, filters, convolution and more.
Debugger & Profiler
Pause and step the game, and see real-time performance stats.
Multiplayer
Create real-time online multiplayer games using WebRTC.
Multiple Screen Sizes
Automatically scale or letterbox to fit any size screen.
Pathfinding
Use asynchronous A* pathfinding for intelligent game design.
Savegames
Instant full-state saves and loads.
You're Going to Love It
Download our free version and give it a go. You'll be publishing your games before you know it.
Your search for a solid, easy and advanced game engine ends right now when you download Construct 2.
Game on!
Free HTML5 tools to build and deploy cool games fast. Download now.
Take advantage of Intel® XDK tools to test, debug, build, and deploy your Construct2 games quickly to Google Play*, Apple* App Store, Windows* Store, across diverse mobile devices. Free Download for Windows*, OS X*, and Ubuntu* Linux at: XDK.Intel.com
"Construct2 shows the power of HTML5 for games. Create your game in Construct2. Debug, add monetization plug-ins, and package your game with the Intel XDK for Android, iOS, & Windows 8. Together, these tools give you great ability to write your game once, and publish on all the major platforms."
Robert Cohn, Intel® XDK Chief Architect
Buy and Sell Assets
Looking for that perfect loop, sound effect or graphic? We have you covered! Hundreds of items stocked!
Sell Your Games and Assets
Finished making your awesome game? Or perhaps you have something else to sell? Monetise your work!