This site uses cookies for analytics and personalized content. By continuing to browse this site, you agree to this
use. Know more...
Research and publish the best content
For individuals
Publish your topic page with curated content in minutes.
Distribute it automatically with your network
to build your professional brand.
For businesses
Curate, share, and read content on private hubs.
Publish on your websites and blogs, newsletters,
and social media.
Aggregate curated content across multiple WordPress blogs.
Trusted by 4+ million professionals and marketers
How do content curation tools work ?
A powerful content engine
Scoop.it’s advanced content engine monitors global sources to find and curate relevant third-party content.
With a content curation tool you'll:
- Boost credibility with readers and build brand awareness
- Establish thought leadership and strengthen influencer connections
- Access sources ranging from mainstream media to niche publications
Create and share curated
content pages
Publish topic pages with curated content in minutes.
Share them with your networks to build your professional brand.
- Create engaging web pages from the content you curate
- Feed your social channels automatically with curated content
- Embed your content pages in your website
- Leverage curated content in templated newsletters
Monitor and share knowledge with coworkers privately
Make it easy for your team to discover, curate and share content.
Learn More
- Automate content monitoring
- Share curated content privately with your team
- Generate internal email newsletters in a few clicks
- Create private curated content hubs for your team
- Integrate with SSO, intranet and enterprise social networks
Publish curated content for a targeted audience
Leverage curated content: store, share, categorize and disseminate it.
Learn
more
- Aggregate curated content on one or multiple websites
- Publish content on one or multiple Wordpress blogs
- Share your team content on multiple social media
- Generate customized newsletter for Mailchimp or any emailing solutions
What they say about Scoop.it
Brian Solis - Author and analyst, Altimeter group
Scoop.it is a very elegant content curation platform.
Beth Kanter - Speaker and trainer
I've been using Scoop.it now for two years and loved each upgrade.
Michael Maloney - Group Account Director, Ogilvy
We've benchmarked Scoop.it against a dozen other solutions. It's simply the most powerful and easy-to-use content curation platform.
See all
resources
Resources to make the most of content opportunities