Whether you're an experienced bassist, a seasoned pro or even if you're just starting out, you'll always know exactly what to work on thanks to our extensive course library.
Our online seminars are a vital addition to the SBL Academy. The seminars allow you to learn with our experienced, knowledgeable and friendly instructors, in real-time from the comfort of your home.
Next live session:
Countdown to : 01 Day, 06 Hours, 44 Mins, 04 Secs,
The Campus is our community forum here within ScottsBassLessons that’s going to connect you with thousands of other bass students just like you.
Joining the SBL Academy has helped me TREMENDOUSLY. I have never in my life felt this productive or focused as a musician.Taylor Lee
I was a bit stuck in terms of my progress when I first joined SBL, but the support I got from the community here has given me a huge boost!Daniel Wester
I love the more nuanced videos where Scott talks about letting the snare drum breathe. You can’t really get that from an instructional book!Maddie Jay
Wherever you are, whatever you use, always available.
Here’s just a few of the incredible tutors you’ll have access with when you join
With our flexible courses you have complete control over what you want to learn and when. Choose to follow one of our guided courses or pick your own starting point.
Learn from the very best in the business. Our expert tutors are on hand to help you every step of the way. You can even drop a link to your site to see what people think.
We've built a community right into the heart of SBL — connect with your peers and gain access to an incredible group of like-minded people.
Access hundreds of hours of amazing, in-depth bass guitar lessons including hours of step-by-step instruction, live bands and much more from the biggest names in bass education.
Each week we host live-stream seminars with the likes of Gary Willis, Adam Neely, Ed Friedland, Rufus Philpot, Damian Erskine, Danny Mo Morris, Ariane Cap, Steve Lawson & Todd Johnson, plus many world-class educators.
Connect with fellow bassists from around the world who are just like you in our community forum, The Campus. Our students are focused on getting their bass playing to the next level, but also on helping other students around them. They’ll be there for you 24/7.
Get direct feedback and answers to all your burning questions from Scott himself, our Community Success Team and your fellow students through our live shows, community forum or by contacting our support team directly.
This is Scott's regular live-stream seminar happening every other Thursday where you get to hang out with Scott and the rest of your fellow students.
Our monthly show here at SBL where Scott discusses all the current news, challenges, what's coming up...and watch out – Scott regularly goes off topic!
Throughout the year we roll out brand new challenges that are designed to make you a better bass player. The best thing about the challenges is that our whole community gets involved, which creates a fun learning environment and accountability when you need it.
Each course is accompanied by highly detailed workbooks including TAB and notation, and multiple backing tracks when needed.
Sit back, relax and listen to hours of interviews and candid conversation with your favorite famous bass players from Hendrik Linder, Jonathan Maron and Adam Neely to Verdine White and even Billy Sheehan.
Students consistently overestimate how much they can achieve in one week… but drastically underestimate how much they can achieve within a year with the right guidance and support.Scott Devine, Head Honcho