We've helped 1000+ businesses improve productivity
ONE-CLICK TRACKING AND MONITORING
Your remote or office employees start and stop monitoring themselves using a lightweight desktop application.
They create a task, and the program automatically tracks time and screenshots for this task. This information is then securely sent to ScreenMeter.com for you to see in real time. No spying and your employees are in control!
SEE TIME AND SCREENSHOTS ONLINE
The tracked time, and screenshots are accessible for you online.
You dont need to install anything — you can see it online using your computer, tablet or a smartphone. You will know exactly when and what your employees have worked on, how much time and money they have spent on each task and what was on their monitors at that time. You will know for certain that you are paying for actual work, not for time spent on Facebook or shopping.
STAY INFORMED
Daily time-sheet summaries are sent to your email inbox.
Access powerful project and employee reports online to assess productivity and efficiency
Track without Internet
The application will continue to track time and screen even without internet. Offline data will uploaded to ScreenMeter when the Internet connection is back online. For any work done away from the computer screen, employee can add “manual logs” without screenshots at any time.
Anywhere Access
ScreenMeter website is Mobile/Tablet friendly. You can access all the online features anytime, anywhere. You can add it to your home screeen for fast access to reports.
Easy Pricing
ScreenMeter has a simple pay-as-you-go pricing policy. You are charged only on the basis of actual number of employees actively using the software and not on the basis of number of employees linked with your company.
No obligation, no credit card required.
$1
PER USER PER MONTH
FREE 30-Day Trial
(no obligation, no credit card required)
Billing
- Time Tracking
- Screenshot Monitoring
- Unlimited users
- You pay only for active employees. (Employees who login at-least once in 30 days)
-
Weekly screenshots download and analysis is an unbeatable feature!.
-
I was surprised how this time-tracking service improved our remote teams productivity.
-
ScreenMeter really makes it easy to analyze employee time utilization.
-
Weekly screenshots download and analysis is an unbeatable feature!.
-
I was surprised how this time-tracking service improved our remote teams productivity.
RUCHIT PATEL
Allevents.in
NITIN JAIN
Digital Upstarts
SERGEY VOROZHTSOV
S3 Stores, Inc.