The ScreenSkills Killing Eve story
How ScreenSkills helped to place new talent in production on the multi-award-winning BBC One show Killing Eve.
Investing in skills driving the success of UK film, TV, VFX, animation and games
How ScreenSkills helped to place new talent in production on the multi-award-winning BBC One show Killing Eve.
This is where to find people and money: vacancies, competitions, events, networking and work opportunities, including information on bursaries for training.Find out more
Learn about the ScreenSkills Mentoring Network and how getting involved could benefit your career.
Explore careers in the screen industry. Understand how to freelance, how to network and how to get in. Use our resources for teachers and careers advisors.Find out more
Browse through different roles in film, TV, games, animation and VFX. Find a role to suit you. Learn what steps to take to get there.
ScreenSkills invests in training and education for the screen industry at every career stage. From Trainee Finder to the Tick quality mark for degree courses to a variety of schemes for career progression.Find out more
The Production Coordinator Training Programme: Salford is for those wishing to progress in production coordination.
Find out about ScreenSkills' work with the screen industries: animation, film, high-end TV, games, television, VFX and immersive tech. Discover the importance of paying into the skills funds and where they are used.Find out more
This training initiative aims to support black, Asian and minority ethnic talent stepping-up grades.
From hair and make-up to selecting films for cinemas, there are probably more jobs in film and TV than you realised. Watch our stories about getting into the industry and learn how this could be your future - and how ScreenSkills can help you get there.Find out more
Working in the screen industries was not an option in Shani Vizma’s home town. But thanks to persistence and some help from ScreenSkills she now works in visual effects in the film industry.
Thanks for giving us your feedback, your response has been saved. If you'd like to also leave a comment you can do so in the field below.
Thank you for your feedback, it is greatly appreciated.