Lowest Transcription Rates, Per Audio Minute
Automated
30 mins turn around, 80-95% accuracy
Manual
36 Hours turn around, 99% accuracy
Only for clean files with American speakers, additional charges may apply for others
Easy To Use, Pay As You Go Service
- 1Upload or import files
- 2Pay by audio time
- 3Check & Download Transcript
Upload Files
Unmatched Features
Confidential
Access to your files is restricted strictly on a need to know basisConfidentiality
99% Accuracy
We deliver your manual transcripts only when the accuracy is 99% or moreQuality
Online Editor
Unique in-browser transcription editor paired with the audioTranscription Editor
Options
SRT files, BITC, audio time-coding, speaker names, start/end time etc.Order Options
4-Step Manual Transcription Process
- 1
- 2
- 3
- 4
AI Powered Automated Transcripts
10¢
per minute of audio/video, with a minimum per file charge of $1.00
95%
Accuracy for files with American speakers and clean audio, around 80% for others
30mins
Turn around time for files shorter than 2 hours, around 2 hours for others
More Features
Progress Tracking
Track the progress online from your account, download drafts documentsTranscript Progress
Free Re-Review
We will rework your transcript for free if you are not satisfied with the accuracyRe-Reviews
Group Accounts
Grant access to your team members, share payment methods, filesTeams
Account Credits
Add funds to your account and share them with your team membersCredits
Highly Recommended By Our Customers
Service was faster than expected. Error rate was less than 1%. I am very impressed. I will call on you again. A great value at price. I have worked with news networks that use the expensive services out of New York. Your service is equal or better.
Ron Blome, Ron Blome Productions
The transcripts are very accurate. I like the pricing options based on turnaround time and the ability to track progress prior to completion. They have always met their deadlines.
Charles Senteio, University of Michigan School of Information
I selected the within 7 days option for receiving my transcript (which gave us a great 20% discount) yet I still received them in less than 24 hours. I thought that was pretty great. I also liked the editing feature that lets you listen to the audio while following along with the transcript to make any changes needed.
Erica Rich, Lifespan
I appreciate their ability to be flexible and provide transcripts earlier if needed OR later if we do not need them for awhile. They also adjust or provide pricing adjustments if not able to transcribe the file. Thank you for your competitive pricing and great service.
Sarah Iqbal, Advantis Research
I have been using Scribie since the days of Call Graph: I opened my account in July 2008! I have always been impressed by your commitment to keep doing better work, and somehow you do. Scribie has helped me do my job better, by giving me more time to be creative. Thank you for making it so easy!
Tim Wilson, CreativeCOW
We are very happy with the speed, the assurance that the transcripts are being reviewed by a supervisor and the ability to review exactly where content is indiscernible so that we can fill in the blanks with the "check and download" option. We are constantly requiring transcription services and are thrilled to be using Scribie.
Teri Bowers, Institute for Rapid Resolution Therapy
Customer service is excellent. The support team has communicated very promptly whenever I have had questions. Your staff graciously compiled individual transcriptions into a single document for me. I have already recommended Scribie to other members of an e-learning community. Thank you very much for offering high quality transcription at a very reasonable price.
Derek Frankhouser, Manhattan Prep
Scribie has always provided top notch service. Transcripts are always delivered on time - usually ahead of time, and your attention to detail is most impressive. We do a lot of interviews, sometimes 6 or 8 a day, and it is all too easy to incorrectly identify a recording. I am very grateful that, on more than one occasion, you have noticed and brought to my attention when this has happened.
Bonnie Wooding, Buyer Persona Institute
I have to say that I found dealing with Scribie to transcribe several oral history interviews and public radio documentaries a terrific experience. The entire process far exceeded my expectations. The work was done in a timely way (actually ahead of time each time). I was kept informed of each step of the process, which I like very much. The transcripts were surprisingly accurate and professional and the price was plenty modest. I have already recommended your services to several friends and businesses whom I think could use them. And I'll surely do that again when I need them.
Varick A. Chittenden, Independent Folklorist
Trusted By
Join Scribie as a Transcriber
- 1Submit application
- 2Take the online test
- 3Earn per audio hour
Apply Now
Vital Statistics
Newsletter Signup
Try Our Transcription Service Today
- 1Upload or import files
- 2Pay by audio time
- 3Check & Download Transcript