Finally, a writing group that works!
Improve your writing by receiving detailed critiques
Scribophile is famous for the detailed and helpful critiques our members exchange. The critiques you’ll get are so much more than just a pat on the back—you’ll get actionable ways to improve your writing.
As part of our community, you’ll be writing critiques for others too. Members tell us again and again that learning how to write great critiques dramatically improved their own writing.
Learn from a vast collection of free writing resources
Besides the insightful critiques you’ll get in our writing workshop, we have a huge amount of free resources in our professional writing blog and writing academy. Our writing forums are busy with thousands of writers from all over the world talking shop.
Make lifelong friends in our busy community of writers
Writing is a solitary art, but that doesn’t mean you have to be lonely. Lucky for you there are thousands of writers on Scribophile every day, and we’re a really friendly bunch. You’ve never seen a writing group like this one!
Scribophile was the first place I stopped when I went from being an I-wanna-be-a-writer to I-am-an-author. Now I have four international bestselling novels with major publishers, and when authors come to me I always send them to Scribophile.Genevieve Graham, published with Simon & Schuster
People are saying nice things about us:
Giving and receiving critiques on Scribophile made a big difference to the quality of my writing. I learned how to write a query letter here and that led to an agent and a book deal.Ruth Lauren, published with Bloomsbury
And there’s even more for writers...
-
Keep your rights protected. You have full control over your writing—only other members can read it.
-
Get quality feedback, guaranteed. Every work posted is guaranteed at least 3 insightful critiques.
-
Win cash in free writing contests. We give out hundreds in cash and prizes each month!
-
Be part of a busy, vibrant community. We’re one of the largest and most active writing groups online.
-
Everyone welcomed, from beginner to pro. Everyone’s here to learn, and we want to help!
My years on Scribophile have given me a master’s level education in writing. The critiques are great, but I’ve learned as much from reading and analyzing other writers on Scribophile. I don’t think I could have polished my novel to a publishable level without this site. I’m an addict.Laura Creedle, The Love Letters of Abelard and Lily published with Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Plus, get writing advice from the pros
Our writing group is more than just a place to get feedback and hang out with other awesome writers. The writing blog regularly features tips and advice that’ll help you sharpen your work even more.
We also have a Writing Academy filled with free, objective, and informative writing articles by industry professionals on topics from fundamentals like show vs. tell to advanced stuff like haiku poetry.
Here’s just a sample of the kinds of free resources you’ll have access to:
Poetry tips
Writing tips
Just a few of the free tutorials at the Writing Academy
Scribophile’s critiquing system made a huge difference in my understanding of stories and how to write them. Even more importantly, the group of writing friends I’ve made there have been a constant fount of support, advice, and general awesomeness as I continue to mature as a writer.Stewart Baker, Writers of the Future 2015 Q2 1st place winner
By the way, Scribophile helps get you published
Check out the latest publications from our awesome members!
October 22 — Valerie Shay’s 81-word story flash Growing Up will be published in Christopher Fielden.
October 22 — Karen Freeman’s urban fantasy/paranormal romance novel Rekindled Prophecy (Greylyn the Guardian Angel Book 1) will be published by Zimbell House Publishing.
October 21 — Barbara Kazubko’s flash Phantasia will be published in honey & lime.
October 20 — Taylor Morrison’s horror short story Jeff's Coat will be published in Trembling with fear magazine.
October 17 — Adam Down’s 81 word flash Awakening will be published in 81 Words.
Interested?Sign up for free
and start improving your writing!