Copywriters and Freelance Writers to Power Your Content Marketing
Work with thousands of professional copywriters to increase website traffic through superior newsletters| and more.
Great Marketing Requires Great Writing
Email Newsletters
Grow your email list and keep your audience engaged with monthly newsletters.Read More
Website Copy
Update your website with SEO-friendly, keyword-focused content that converts.Read More
How It Works
Join Scripted
Gain access to thousands of expert freelance writers by joining Scripted. Your first month is always free! Add experienced freelance writers to your team and use our powerful platform.
Describe Your Freelance Writing Needs
When you're ready with an idea for content that you want written, create a project. The platform offers simple tools that you can use to describe your project for potential freelance writers. You don’t have to use all of the tools, but we recommend it.
Invite-only Projects: Over time, you might find that you prefer the work of a few content writers. At that point, you can configure your projects as "invite-only" and invite specific freelance writers who have impressed you.
Review Job Proposals
Freelance writers will see the project and propose their unique ideas. Start one or more job proposals that you like most.
Receive First Draft
Within a week you’ll have a draft to review. You can accept it immediately or request a round of edits.
Scripted’s in-line review and approve platform makes providing feedback and requesting revisions simple.
100% Satisfaction Guarantee
If you don't love it, you don't pay for it. Period.
Content Catered to You
What Scripted Copywriters Can Do For You
Collaborate with Real People
Scripted is a marketplace for writers, not robots. You’ll communicate directly with your writer to execute your vision. When you find a writer you love working with, add them to your favorites to start building your bullpen.
Get the Best Content
Thanks to Scripted’s rigorous vetting process, only 2% of applicants become Scripted writers. You’ll find experts in every industry to write informed content. That’s why every order comes with a satisfaction guarantee. Only pay for what you love!
Utilize Powerful Tools
Scripted’s intuitive content management tools provide your all-in-one writing solution. Organize, scrutinize, and analyze your entire content operation right from Scripted.com!
Try Scripted Free for a Month
Your first month is on us.