Western Australian Curriculum & Assessment Outline.
WACE Syllabuses, information and support materials
The 2019 Personalised written and practical examination timetables are now available for students to download from the student portal at
Front covers for the 2019 ATAR course examinations both practical and written are available. To find the front covers please head to the relevant course page and click on the ‘Examination materials’ tab.
Part 2: Examinations is now available.
Download Part 2 of the handbook
Part I: Information for all students.
Download Part I of the handbook
The 2019 Term 3 Activities Schedule download for Outlook calendars is now available.
Download the Activities Schedule
2019 ATAR course Written and Practical Examination timetables are now available.
Today the Minister for Education, Hon Sue Ellery announced changes to the WACE for students commencing Year 11 in 2020.
A letter from the Authority’s Board Chair, Professor Patrick Garnett has been sent to all secondary schools.
The Year 10 Information Handbook and materials are now available.
Read the Minister’s Statement opens in new window
PDFRead the letter to schools opens in new window
Access the Year 10 Information Handbook and materials
Letter to schools regarding Pre-primary to Year 12 Curriculum, Assessment and Reporting in 2019.
Registrations now open.
The Authority is providing two generic seminars for meeting WACE Requirements in 2020 to be held on 23 October 2019 (face-to-face meeting) and 24 October 2019 (online meeting).
The 2019 Personalised written and practical examination timetables are now available for students to download from the student portal at
https://studentportal.scsa.wa.edu.au
The 2019 ATAR course examination timetable is now available
https://senior-secondary.scsa.wa.edu.au/assessment/examinations/examination-timetables
Set your access details for the student portal and complete the permission and declaration form
Preparing to receive Year 12 results
Jenny Offer
Principal Consultant, Certification Programs and Data Examinations, Certification and Testing