Home
Commonly Requested
Latest News
California Department of Education seeking feedback on LCAP template redesign
The California Department of Education (CDE) is seeking feedback from all stakeholders on the redesign of the Local Control and Accountability Plan (LCAP) template.
The template has been redesigned to:
(a) Streamline the content and format to make it more accessible
(b) Clearly show how and where the district is improving services for unduplicated students (English Learners, socioeconomically disadvantaged students, foster youth, and homeless students).
Almost 10,000 Sac City Unified 8th, 9th and 10th grade students took SAT preparation exams
On Wednesday, October 16th, almost 10,000 eighth, ninth and tenth grade students at all Sacramento City Unified schools had the opportunity to take Preliminary SAT exams. Eighth and ninth grade students took the PSAT 8/9. Tenth grade students took the PSAT NMSQT. These college and career readiness preparation exams were made available by the District at no cost to students through the use of LCFF/Supplemental and Concentration funds to ensure equal access and opportunity.
Latest budget update
We want to share that Sacramento County Office of Education
Superintendent Dave Gordon, who provides fiscal oversight of the
district, has analyzed and responded to the district’s re-adopted
budget for the 2019-20 fiscal year. In his analysis,
Superintendent Gordon states:
Will C. Wood teacher helps her students raise thousands to visit and learn about Washington D.C.
When Mrs. Renee Smith learned that her students at Will C. Wood Middle School could benefit tremendously from a field trip to Washington D.C., but did not have the resources to afford the trip, she responded by doing what she knows best–empowering young people.
Albert Einstein’s Mi’Bella Gammage honored by SCUSD Board of Education
On Thursday, October 17, 2019, the Sacramento City Unified School District Board of Education recognized Albert Einstein Middle School 8th grader Mi’Bella Gammage for her academic and personal accomplishments. Mi’Bella is the ASB President at Einstein and holds a 4.0 GPA. She is currently taking all GATE classes while also serving in her leadership role on campus.
Calendar
C.K. McClatchy Class Visitation Day
@ McClatchy High School
Come to campus to see classes in session, meet CKM students and staff on Thursday, October 24 or Friday, October 25 from 8:45-noon. No reservation is required!
Please park on 7th and 8th Avenues only. We will work with the city for a waiver on parking enforcement these two days.
C.K. McClatchy Class Visitation Day
@ McClatchy High School
Come to campus to see classes in session, meet CKM students and staff on Thursday, October 24 or Friday, October 25 from 8:45-noon. No reservation is required!
Please park on 7th and 8th Avenues only. We will work with the city for a waiver on parking enforcement these two days.
Parent Information Exchange (PIE) Luncheon
@ Serna Center Community Rooms
The Parent Information Exchange (P.I.E.) luncheon meetings offer a variety of presentational sessions for SCUSD parents, staff and community partners. The meetings are designed to create ever-growing partnerships with resources that will support the educational, health and emotional development of our families and students.
We are limited to 70 guests, please call to reserve your space at Serna Parent Resource Center (916) 643-7924
SES Walking Tour
@ School of Engineering and Sciences
SES has school walking tours for families and students on Tuesday mornings at 8:30 am. There is no need to book ahead, just come to the front office. We encourage families to visit our school website for more information. If families require assistance, please contact the school’s main office at (916) 395-5040 or contact Principal Vanessa Buitrago at vanessa-buitrago@scusd.edu.