-
The SEC’s regulation of the securities markets facilitates capital formation, which helps entrepreneurs start businesses and companies grow. Last year $4.25 trillion was raised in public and private securities offerings, promoting economic growth and job creation.
EDGAR Search company and individual filings.
Featured Video
The SEC’s Office of Investor Education and Advocacy and Retail Strategy Task Force released educational videos to help show what fraud looks like.
Latest News
E-mail Updates
Sign up for emails that will deliver SEC News direct to your inbox.
Protect Your Money!
Check out an investment professional's registration status and background at Investor.gov.
Investor Alerts & Bulletins
The SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy issues Investor Alerts & Bulletins as a service to investors. Investor Alerts typically warn investors about the latest investment frauds and scams. Investor Bulletins tend to educate investors about investment-related topics including the functions of the SEC.
We Facilitate Capital Formation
We Facilitate Capital Formation
We Enforce Federal Securities Laws
We Enforce Federal Securities Laws
Latest Federal Court Actions
Litigation Releases
- Joseph Bayliss and Ronald RoachOct 22, 2019
- Benjamin Taylor, Darina Windsor and Joseph Abdul Noor El-KhouriOct 22, 2019
- Bryan Cohen and George NikasOct 22, 2019
- Shuang Chen, et al.Oct 21, 2019
- Philip R. Jacoby, et al.Oct 17, 2019
Latest Administrative Proceedings
Administrative Releases
- Thomas D. Conrad, Jr.Oct 22, 2019
- Gyrotron Technology, Inc. and Nation Energy, Inc.Oct 18, 2019
- Blockchain Solutions, Inc. and Universal Resources (f/k/a Global Immune Technologies Inc.)Oct 18, 2019
- Richard Andrew MallionOct 17, 2019
- Donald Toomer, Jr.Oct 17, 2019
We Regulate Securities Markets
We Regulate Securities Markets
We Provide Data
We Provide Data
Developer Resources
Check out updates on the SEC open data program, including best practices that make it more efficient to download data.
Money Market Fund Statistics
Our Investment Management Analytics Office released an updated Money Market Fund Statistics report. The report reflects staff’s compilation and analysis of data reported to the Commission on Form N-MFP.
Latest Data Sets
- The Investment Adviser Information Reports' data is collected from electronic submissions of Form ADV by investment adviser firms to the Investment Adviser Registration Depository (IARD) system.Updated
- This text file contains the Central Index Key (CIK) numbers, company names, SEC reporting file numbers, and addresses (business addresses are provided when mailing addresses are not available) of active broker-dealers who are registered with the SEC.Updated