Explore fresh new
Discover and stream wild and wonderful movies & shows made by unique, award-winning creators.Learn More
Pay what you can. Cancel anytime.
Available on
Browse playlists
We handpick collections of movies and shows that you won’t find anywhere else. It’s like a mini-film festival, delivered fresh to you each month.
Female as F*ck
Female as F*ck
Dive into this collection of films that explore honest, unfiltered depictions of women as we truly are: authentic, layered, vulnerable, brave, hilarious and badass as f*ck.
Love is Love is Love
Love is Love is Love
Love comes in all forms — it's flowers on Valentine's Day, a hug after a hard day, companionship for 40 years and even a blind date. Dig into this playlist as varied as a box of chocolates.
Seed&Spark Must-Sees
Seed&Spark Must-Sees
No cookie cutter characters, no stereotypes, no "I’ve seen that before." Start here, and see something -- or someone -- you’ve never seen before.
Start your adventure.
We've got a new way to explore. Break outside the boring recommendation box with these handpicked sets of movies and shows to get your watching journey started.Take the quiz
If you’ve ever attended a film festival and then wondered how to continue seeing different and interesting projects without rolling the dice on Netflix or Vimeo, this is the service for you.
Film playlists like the ones Seed&Spark have so thoughtfully curated are critical.
Seed&Spark is my go-to app for film entertainment because I can choose from shorts or full-length films to fit the amount of time I've got to watch.
If you’ve ever attended a film festival and then wondered how to continue seeing different and interesting projects without rolling the dice on Netflix or Vimeo, this is the service for you.
Film playlists like the ones Seed&Spark have so thoughtfully curated are critical.
Seed&Spark is my go-to app for film entertainment because I can choose from shorts or full-length films to fit the amount of time I've got to watch.
Join renegade creators
Discover the next award-winning films before they're even made!
Seed&Spark empowers some of the most unique creator voices as they build their audiences, raise funds through our crowdfunding platform and build careers. Each subscription also directly supports creators. Take action on Seed&Spark, and watch what happens next (literally).
Fans have contributed
$23,258,916
to help creators make
1,793 new movies and shows.
Meet the creators
Los Angeles, California
Austin, Texas
Los Angeles, California
1
2
3
3
Jessica Mendez
Siqueiros
Mike
Carreon
Carly
Usdin
Years in theatre and a passion for better representation influence her work, characterized by warmth, wit and an aesthetic that dazzles. Siqueiros’s stories and skills have her racking up the festival appearances, with an Oscar-qualifying win at Cinequest and a creative grant from WeTransfer for her short film.
Carreon’s storytelling excites without losing the threads of acceptance and authenticity that earned him a Tribeca premiere for his filmmaking debut. As a writer and director, he weaves personal experience into relatable hijinks that give audiences a mirror to see themselves and a lens to see the world around them a little differently.
Whether it's a feature rom-com that snatches festival awards or an experimental short that brings OCD, close-up magic and relationships together, Usdin's films can never bore you. Her work reflects a fresh perspective and a style that makes her cast and crew shine bright.
Her work is
bright • layered • lively
His work is
sexy • funny • heartfelt
Her work is
honest • queer • award-winning
Creators! Fund your project on Seed&Spark.
We have the highest crowdfunding campaign success rate in the world, and so much more.Learn More
Maxed out on reruns? Tired of endlessly searching for a movie? Let’s help you discover some fresh new voices.
Quiz Progress
You walk into the movie theater.
There are only 2 seat options. You choose…
Would you rather
Your work surprises you with a dessert bar!
Do you…
You're finally starting that new series.
What matters most?
It’s a tragedy to spill the…
Quick! What makes a better movie snack?
Which do you hate missing more?
When it comes to taking risks,
you’d rather…
Someone asks for your take
on a controversial new show. Do you…
If you had to pick a favorite thing
about exploring film, you’d choose
On a movie set,
you'd be the
Terms
>
Basic Info
Before we get started, please confirm the following:
By starting a project you agree to Seed&Spark’s Site Guidelines.
Terms
>
Basic Info
Saved to Watchlist
Way to go, you just added something to your watchlist for the first time! You can find and view your watchlist at anytime from your profile.
Pay what you can.
Watch wild and wonderful movies and shows from independent filmmakers and get a new handpicked playlist every month.Subscribe to Seed&Spark