Welcome to SeedFinder.eu
SeedFinder.eu collects and standardizes information about thousands of cannabis varieties. We offer an interface for cannabis breeders, seedbanks, cultivation and hemp-forums, communities, growers and cannabis-enthusiasts all around the world. With the help of our SeedFinder-System - especially made for this purposes - we are able to collect all important information about individual strains in a compact and searchable way. We enable you to find the tips and tricks for cultivation and growth who are scattered all around the web or to find pictures, profiles and opinions. Help us to expand and advance the single strain-descriptions with your knowledge. Important: The SeedFinder is not a shop, we do not sell any cannabis seed and are not addicted to a breeder or shop.
Database
Behind the SeedFinder there is a strain-database with momentary 15820 different cannabis varieties.
Breeder & Strains
15046 of the listed strains are from 838 known breeders - connected and expanded with 99 pure local breeds. You also can find 129 clone-only strains and last but not least 546 various unknown or legendary varieties.
Lineage / Hybrids
Our unique genetic-database will enable you to allocate related crosses, all descendants and the parents of each variety. Browse through the strains with our dynamic HybridMaps - from the multi-hybrids via F1-Hybrids up to the landraces - and back!
SeedShop Database
Our SeedPolice is monitoring seedbanks and collects information about reliability, service and shipping of this shops. Here you can find 287 Shops at the moment. 45 are also integrated into the SeedFinder, including offers and actual prices.
Cup-Winner
The winners of the most important cannabis-cups are connected with our cannabis database. Check out the best rated and most famous strains worldwide!
Forums & Threads
With the help of our ThreadFinder we connected the 33 largest and most popular cannabis communities to our page.
Cannabis Gallery
Into our Cannabis-Gallery you can find strain-related pictures. They are sorted by in- and outdoor plants and also by the flowering-time.
Creative Commons
All our info is licensed below a Creative Commons Licence (BY-NC-SA).
Search
Our extremely detailed strain-search-function enables you to research for certain characteristics such as flowering time, heritage or availability.
Strain Wizard
With the help of our unique Cannabis Strain Wizard you are able to filter and search your strains based on real reviews and user info!
Lineage-Search
Our genetic database enables you to view the genealogical tree for every strain. Use our family tree search-engine to look out for special hybrids!
Pure strains
All strains come from somewhere, if known we store the heritage as exact as possible. Here you can list all pure varieties by origin and countries.
Strain Lists
You also can have a look onto our alphabetical list of strains, or view only autoflowering varieties - or the clone-only ones.
Prices & Radar
Into our SeedShop-Radar you will find actual reduced strains or offers separately, we monitor only serious shops - a good place to grab a bargain! You also can use the search to find strains by commercial availibility and prices.
Aroma, Taste & High
With our Review-Function we also collect data about the aroma, the taste and the effect of the cannabis strains. Thanks that you are able to look out for strains with a special effect, taste or aroma and to visualize it with a nice pie-chart!
Outdoor Strains
Get weather-data and possible varieties for your area! Simply add your geo-coordinates to get climate- and grow info for your spot!
CannaFox Add-On
Get our Mozilla-Add-On, search for strains directly from your browser and get some additional and discreet SeedFinder options in a sidebar.
Research
SeedFinder collects, combines and provides a lots of useful data with the help of its users worldwide.
Strain Reviews
We collect the main grow- and plant data directly from the grower with our multilingual Strain Review Function. Onto this way we can standardize grow-info, tips and tricks, smoke reports and valuations for the different varieties - and even for their phenotypes.
Comparisons
With our special Strain VS Strain function we can directly compare the most important characteristics of individual cannabis-varieties.
Medical Strains
For the medicinal properties of individual cannabis varieties we have installed the Medicinal Strain Finder. This helps in the search for certain varieties, and also stores information about their optimal dose for certain diseases.
Climate Zones
SeedFinder uses its own ecophysiological climate specificiation system. Together with our database for historical weather data we can provide very detailed climate zones and weather data even for your area! In combination with our reviews we are able to provide specific strains and detailed info for this zones.
And More...
Lots of more options and stuff are available at the SeedFinder, browse around - you will find it! For example:
Growing Tools
Check out our small helpers and calculators for the indoor grower.
JSON Api
You like to use our strain data for your own purposes, programs or websites? No Problem, check out our API to get more info!
Support the SeedFinder!
The SeedFinder needs your input: You have information or experiences about a cannabis strain? You was pleased or pissed by a strain and like to share your tipps about? You can give details about outdoor- or indoor cultivation and growth behavior of a certain strain? You can report something about aroma, taste and/or effect of a variety? You made some pictures? You have written a Growreport into a cannabis community? So dont play only a passive role, connect your info with the SeedFinder! Add your comments, connect your threads, write a growreport and/or fill out a PlantProfile! Its all completely anonymous and you even dont need an email address. Dont stay in the back, start helping other growers to find the right strain and get better and bigger yields!
General information / Privacy
This page is not a shop and we sell nothing - not even your data! All information at the seedfinder.eu marijuana strain database is for free and accessible even without any user-account. If you want to have an account for uploading data - feel free to create one - you not even need an email-address for it (but it will help you to recover your password!) You also will not need any Cookies to use the SeedFinder - only for some things it would be useful to accept them - but this is only for remembering strains at the seedsheet or to stay logged in as a user - and anyway - the cookies will be deleted from your browser automatically only one hour after your last visit! And by the way: If you are too paranoid for that - better switch off the computer and smoke a bit less ;-) What more to say? Sure - all information is only for legal growers and patients - blah, blah, blah... And if you are under 21 - wtf are you doing here? Forget everything what you have seen... now! This is not for you! Ksh... Alright... anybody still here now? Nice - i like the curious ones ;-) Maybe you are also interested in the fact that we not send your IP address to any other servers or companies - no facebook-shit, no advertising-networks - no nothing! All adverts and pictures are at our own server - nobody else than us know that you are here and what you are looking to! Well... at the moment we use a bit google-analytics - but in the anonymized version, they not use your full IP - and soon we will kick them out again anyway! And last but not least maybe one obvious tipp: Please don't click here if you not want to get blocked - this is just a trap for stupid robots who not follow our robots.txt... my god, we really need to take care about everything here ;-) But now you really reached the end - thanks for visiting us again and see you later!