Stop Guessing
Steep Your Digital Marketing in Data
We Don’t Trust Our Gut, We Trust Data
Every time you guess, you bring bias and risk into your conclusions.
That’s why every single division at Seer, from search to creative, opens up a data set before we open our mouths. “Stop guessing” is the driving principle that sets us apart from the industry.
For the average Seer client, we look at 10K keywords, 50K competitors, and 350–500K pieces of unique content to make our decisions.
What’s the Data Telling Us?
Google generated ~$116 Billion on ads alone in 2018.*
We mined through millions of data points across 30 paid search accounts. On average, we found that these companies were wasting 15% of their budget on irrelevant keywords. If this holds true across the industry, that means there’s a $17.4 billion business built on irrelevant keywords. That’s almost equal to Starbucks’ 2018 revenue.†
What would you do with 15% more marketing budget?
The Value of Not Guessing
We are developing new tools and methodologies every day to combat this wasted spend and unlock savings.
In one month, we identified ~$260,000 in wasted ad spend across a handful of accounts. How? We built a proprietary tool that leverages machine learning to identify semantic inaccuracies. Then we combined its findings with insights from our talented team.
Check out this webinar to see our thinking in action. We walk through how a rapper released a song that ended up costing the finance industry millions of dollars.
Data Comes in Many Forms
The sheer size of the quantitative data sets we’re looking at enables us to identify opportunities and insights at scale. But we don’t stop there. Bringing qualitative, empathetic insights to this big data is key. This means hundreds of hours mining chat logs, conducting interviews, running surveys, and user testing.
After conducting extensive audience research for a SAAS client, we infused our findings into an organic strategy that increased conversion rate by 31% and traffic by 103%.
Let’s Stop Guessing Together
We’ve found that the best way to get teams to work together is to combine all their data in one place. This forces conversations to happen and often reveals insights that aren’t available in siloed views.
Seer, your in-house team, and your other agency partners are all working toward the same goal: helping your customers. We’ll do everything we can to make that happen. We’ll even train your team and share our methodologies.
Sign up for our newsletter to get a peek of the content we share with the industry and our clients.