Find the Right Doctor and Hospital
Know your Doctorbefore you Schedule an Appointment
Research and choose the right doctor and the right hospital to get the right care.
Right Doctor
Sehat lets you search by medical condition or procedure to find a doctor experienced in your treatment.
Right Hospital
Find a hospital that delivers significantly better care than others when it comes to your specific condition or procedure.
Right Care
It’s also important to be an informed patient. Use our 'Ask a Doctor' feature to get medical advice.
Book Diagnostic Tests and Packages at Low Cost
1200/-900/-
25% Off
Our basic body checkup package that checks for LIVER, KIDNEY, and THYROID FUNCTION LEVELS and CARDIAC RISK markers profile.
CAP NABL ISO 9001 Accredited
FREE Sample Pickup
FREE Online Doctor Consultation
162 Patients booked this week
1600/-1100/-
31% Off
Our most popular body checkup package, that includes all tests in Aarogyam 1 and also checks diabetes risk and complete blood count.
CAP NABL ISO 9001 Accredited
FREE Sample Pickup
FREE Online Doctor Consultation
126 Patients booked this week
2400/-2000/-
17% Off
Our most popular full body checkup package, that includes all tests in Aarogyam 2 and also checks for deficiency of Vitamins - B12 and D Total.
CAP NABL ISO 9001 Accredited
FREE Sample Pickup
FREE Online Doctor Consultation
105 Patients booked this week
6000/-4700/-
22% Off
Our most advanced health checkup package recommended for those above 40 years. It includes all tests in Aarogyam 3 and also tests for Arthritis risk, 9 toxic elements and pancreatic enzyme levels.
CAP NABL ISO 9001 Accredited
FREE Sample Pickup
FREE Online Doctor Consultation
42 Patients booked this week
2400/-1800/-
WELLNESS
25% Off
Calcium, Magnesium, Alkaline Phosphatase, Phosphorus, Parathyroid Hormone (PTH), Vitamin B-12, 25-OH Vitamin D (Total), Serum Zinc.
CAP NABL ISO 9001 Accredited
FREE Sample Pickup
FREE Online Doctor Consultation
30 Patients booked this week
2800/-2100/-
METABOLIC,WELLNESS
25% Off
Cortisol, Aldosterone, Direct renin, Cardiac Risk Markers, Complete Hemogram, Serum Creatinine, Hba1C, Liver Function Tests, Thyroid and More
CAP NABL ISO 9001 Accredited
FREE Sample Pickup
FREE Online Doctor Consultation
37 Patients booked this week
Let's get started.What type of specialist are you looking for?
Search by Speciality
- Cardiology
- Dermatology (Skin)
- ENT (Otolaryngology)
- Nephrology
- Neurology
- Obstetrics and Gynecology
- Oncology
- Orthopedic Surgery
- Pediatrics
- Radiology
Search by Procedure
- Angioplasty
- C-Section
- Chemotherapy
- Colonoscopy
- Coronary Artery Bypass Graft Surgery
- Hemodialysis
- Prostate Surgery
- Total Hip Replacement
- Total Knee Replacement
- Upper GI Endoscopy
Ask a Doctor
Get an answer immediately from board certified doctors.
Read Top Articles from health experts
20
million patients a year visit Sehat right before their appointment!
Sehat is the leading health portal used by patients to research on doctors and hospitals to choose the right health care provider. We aim to educate, guide, and help patients make informed health decisions. We believe, when patients find the right doctor and right hospital, it leads to better quality care.
For Doctors
Help patients to reach you!
Over 2 million users use Sehat every month to research on doctors. Get listed for free so more patients have the benefit of getting treated by you.Free Listing
For Hospitals
Sehat boosts your online reach!
Over 45% of users visit Sehat to research and view information on hospitals and their doctors listed. Get your hospital listed for free.Free Listing
For Advertisers
Reach the largest audience in health space!
Choose Location, Specialty, Procedure and Condition based advertising to reach highly targeted audience.I am Interested