New Gallery: War for Cybertron Siege Leader Class AstrotrainTriplechanger - Siebertron is proud to bring your our latest image gallery: War for Cybertron Siege Leader Class Astrotrain! Of all the incarnations this character has seen, this is his first time back to having his classic steam locomotive (styled) alternate mode. This time around he includes a coal-car to tow behind him which also converts into his Leader class armor boots and backpack. Check out the gallery here!
Top 5 Best Prowl Transformers ToysBest Prowls - While Optimus prime may be the most popular Transformer of all time, I always felt Prowl had the archetypal look. He is the quintessential car bot, a car turning into a robot where the car hood ends up as the robot's chest. However, with such a typical design, this list was rather vanilla at first, with similar looking toys all transforming similarly and getting incrementally closer to the character model over time. But that's because I was just thinking of Prowl's G1 design and as soon as I thought outside the box, writing this list became a hoot! Now let's get to it.
Seibertron Store: 20% off Comic Books Sale, New Transformers Items, Masters of the Universe and more20% Off Comic Books Sale - Over 1,800+ items are currently available in the Seibertron Store on eBay! As you can see, we've been busy listing new Transformers and other collectible items in the Seibertron.com Store on eBay which we think might be of interest to you. If Transformers comics aren't your thing, many Transformers toys from our warehouse have been added from older series like Beast Wars, Unicron Trilogy, and more. We even have some War for Cybertron SIEGE and Studio Series available.
New Galleries: WFC Siege Voyager Class Apeface with SpasmaMonkeying Around - Finally, Hasbro has given to us a true update to the fan favourite G1 Apeface toy. Seibertron has a full gallery for you, and a wonderful comparison to the original toy where you can see that Hasbro really tried to give us as true an update as possible. This is a voyager class triple changer and you can see how the robot, spaceship and robotic gorilla mode compares to the original. It is around the same size as the original in some modes and slightly smaller in others. The headmaster gimmick is also preserved where the same headmaster makes a different face for the ape mode and the robot mode. We also have some fun images with other transforming apes like Masterpiece Optimus Primal.
New Galleries: WFC Siege Deluxe Class Spinister with Battle Masters Singe and ShruteSinister Spinister - We have some new galleries for you, this time it's Transformers War For Cybertron Siege Deluxe Class Spinister along with Battle Masters Singe and Shrute. Spinister is the most anticipated deluxe left to obtain by fans until we get Earthrise and should be out in December. While Battle Masters Singe and Shrute do not come with him, they are included in this gallery since both are based on Spinister's original target masters. Shrute's original name was Hairsplitter and he is thus a reference to Dwight's haircut on The Office. He came with the Skywarp set from Amazon. Singe is an individual Battle Master release.
Posted 1 day ago by Stargrave - 10,511 views
Siebertron is proud to bring your our latest image gallery: War for Cybertron Siege Leader Class Astrotrain! Of all the incarnations this character has seen, this is his first time back to having his classic steam locomotive (styled) alternate mode. This time around he includes a coal-car to tow behind him which also converts into his Leader class armor boots and backpack. In shuttle mode you will notice his launch pad has Adaptable Interconnection Retrofitter Lock (A.I.R. Lock) connectors - Read More
Posted 1 day ago by Stargrave - 9,740 views
Thanks to fellow Seibertronian Lord Chaonix we've learned that TonTon on YouTube has posted a video review for the new Transformers Studio Series #54 Voyager Megatron. With a shiny silver paintjob and several design cues taken from his masterpiece incarnation this is a figure sure to be prized by fans of the movies, fans of Megatron, fans of well designed utterly evil looking transforming puzzle robots everywhere. Although most of him appears to be new his chest seems to be a redeco of the - Read More
Posted 1 day ago by Stargrave - 7,826 views
Thanks again to fellow Seibertronian Chuckdawg1999 we have a combo video review for Transformers Cyberverse Swing Slash Drift and Swarm Attack Bumblebee! These bots are both Warrior class from the fifth wave of Cyberverse. These somewhat new and have only been spotted on the shelves recently. As Chuck notes this Bumblebee is an improvement on the previously released warrior mold. Here's what Chuck has to say: "Drift and Bumblebee are good Warrior Class figures but suffer from the usual - Read More
Posted 2 days ago by ZeroWolf - 7,409 views
TFSource News - MP18+ Bluestreak, Flame Toys Star Saber, Selects Smokescreen, FT Jabber & More! NEW HOT INSTOCK ITEMS: ARRIVING THIS WEEK! - Transformers Masterpiece MP-18+ Bluestreak Anime Version ARRIVING SOON! - Transformers - Flame Toys Kuro Kara Kuri 03 Star Saber ARRIVING SOON! - Transformers Generations Selects Deluxe Smokescreen - Fans Toys FT-39 Jabber - X-Transbots - Monolith Combiner MX-XIII-T Crackup - Youth Version - Blue Lobster - BL-01 X-Frank - ToyWorld - - Read More
Posted 2 days ago by william-james88 - 10,102 views
Fans waiting for the final two Seacons to show up on Pulse can rest easy. They are now available on Pulse under the following names: Takara Tomy Transformers Generations Piranacon 5 Takara Tomy Transformers Generations Piranacon 6 Both are $34.99 USD and will ship out March 28th, 2020 These new Generations Selects Overbite and Tentakil figures are also available for Australians though the EB Games and Zing Website. The price there is $78.00 AUD each ($53.24 USD) with a $10 AUD - Read More
Posted 2 days ago by Nathaniel Prime - 14,714 views
Fellow Seibertronians! Many of you are eagerly awaiting the new Transformers Studio Series Leader Class Shockwave and Voyager Class Mixmaster, and thanks to Capcomkai on Instagram, we have images for both new figures! Shockwave is shown to have similar engineering to Studio Series ROTF Megatron, as well as some beautiful looking purple paint and weathering on him, akin to Studio Series Grimlock. In hand images of Studio Series Mixmaster have also surfaced, but the - Read More
Posted 2 days ago by D-Maximal_Primal - 13,191 views
The Chosen Prime Newsletter for October 21, 2019 Greetings from The Chosen Prime! We look forward to seeing many of you at TFCon DC/Reston, this coming weekend, October 25th-27th! Stop by our booth for the exclusive G2 version of Planet-X Vulcan! We have new arrivals and pre-orders available this week including those presented below. Let us know if there's a particular figure you're looking for that isn't listed here or on the website. Happy shopping! - Read More
Posted 3 days ago by Stargrave - 16,033 views
An interesting new project has popped up on the Transformers radar: new non-transformable Transformers Bumblebee movie model kits from Trumpeter. These images were posted by Capcomkai on Instagram. There's no current information on price or release but word is they will be rather small, in the range of a Legends class up to a small deluxe class (10-15cm). These images are of what appear to be unpainted prototypes but still show off some articulation and a good amount of detail. Of most interest - Read More
Posted 3 days ago by Stargrave - 16,538 views
Thanks to a heads up from fellow Seibertronian Solipsist we've learned that the G1 Walmart reissue of Optimus Prime has been marked down to $25.00! Many fans were turned off by this toy's high price tag and lack of a trailer. At this new price tag this is one reissue that's hard to pass up. Click HERE or on the images below to head to Walmart and get your G1 Optimus today! Share your thoughts in the forum and as always stay tuned to Seibertron for the ultimate in Transformers news. - Read More
Posted 3 days ago by Stargrave - 13,939 views
The latest episode of Transformers Cyberverse has posted to the official Transformers YouTube page. If you've fallen behind on Cyberverse episodes fellow Seibertronians this is a great episode to jump back on. In the first few moments we get to see a nice little scene with the newly announced build-a-figure Maccadam, Autobots and Decepticons trying to get along, and Starscream further losing his grasp on sanity. Can Slipstream get word of Starscream's plans to the Autobots and Decepticons in - Read More
Posted 3 days ago by D-Maximal_Primal - 8,621 views
Another Month, another round of fantastic homemade work from the many Seibertronians who give their time and effort to create some awesome pieces of fiction, art, and tutorials for all of us to enjoy! Check out what all hit our Transtopia Section in September of 2019, and let us know what you think of it all below, or in the threads that each piece comes from! Fan Fiction Home to the creative authors of Seibertron.com's Transtopia My Uncle from the Sky dizzie *Note to Readers: Go to - Read More
Posted 3 days ago by Stargrave - 9,060 views
Thanks to iTunes we have a three page preview for the highly anticipated upcoming IDW Transformers Galaxies Issue #2 written by Tyler Bleszinski with art by Livio Ramondelli. This issue features the cover Insecticon fans have been buzzing over for weeks, the three original Insecticons feeding on...bits. Yikes! From the look of the preview pages we're getting to see even more detailed aspects of the jade giant's gestalt personality resonating through the individual Constructicons. Here's the - Read More
Posted 3 days ago by Stargrave - 11,201 views
Thanks to fellow Seibertronian Chuckdawg1999 we have a video review of both the Transformers War for Cybertron Siege Spy Patrol and Battle Squad! Any lovers of cassettes or the Micromaster Combiners of yesteryear are no doubt excited about this release. Here's what Chuck has to say: "These are two fun sets that in the case of the Battle Squad are digging deep in Transformers history. Rumble and Ratbat are good, but I feel require a Soundwave or Soundblaster to get their full effect. The - Read More
Posted 3 days ago by william-james88 - 12,366 views
Every two weeks, Seibertron.com brings you a Top 5 list related to all things Transformers written by me, your fellow editor. These are my opinions (just like movie or game reviews hosted by sites are still just the opinion of one person) so what matters most is what you guys think of the topic or list, and I hope to see your own lists or comments on omissions and ranking. Let's have fun! All previous lists can be found here. Top 5 Best Prowl Transformers Toys While Optimus prime may be - Read More
Posted 3 days ago by D-Maximal_Primal - 9,161 views
http://www.agesthreeandup.com http://www.agesthreeandup.ca ** Product & Pre-Order Newsletter #234 ------------------------------------------------------------ OCTOBER 19, 2019 ** TRANSFORMERS GENERATIONS - GHOSTBUSTERS ECTO-1 ECTOTRON What do you get when you cross the iconic Ecto-1 Cadillac from the 1984 Ghostbusters movie with a Transformers robot? A converting Paranormal Investigator, called Ectotron! Commemorate 35 years of both Transformers and Ghostbusters - Read More
Posted 4 days ago by Nathaniel Prime - 11,632 views
Fellow Seibertronians! Yours truly has discovered something worthy of a heavy-metal theme song, and something that may interest a few of our Maximals and Predacons. Tubi TV, the free show streaming service that has Transformers G1, Beast Machines, and the Unicron Trilogy shows, has now added Transformers: Beast Wars to its roster of shows!. For those that are unaware, Beast Wars follows the adventures of the Maximals, led by Optimus Primal, as they try to stop the Predacons and their - Read More
Posted 4 days ago by Stargrave - 10,352 views
Thanks to PrimeVsPrime on YouTube we have a review of the new ThreeZero/Three A deluxe Bumblebee movie Optimus Prime fully poseable non-transforming action figure. This thing is truly a work of toy art and appears to capture every subtle detail and nuance to what many have considered one of, if not thee best movie Optimus Prime designs seen so far. Whether you're a huge fan of the design or not, whether you're going to be buying this piece or not, PrimeVsPrime gives an excellent run down of the - Read More
Posted 4 days ago by Stargrave - 9,723 views
This has certainly been a busy week of Transformers Trading Card Game reveals with characters being shown every day. Today we offer up the last of the Siege II character round up's thanks to the Transformers TCG Twitter with two new captains, Jetfire and Omega Supreme! The art on these cards is absolutely awesome especially showing off Omega's various modes. Then flanking in from both sides are some Decepticon baddies, Apeface, Skytread, and Soundblaster! Coming in from - Read More
Posted 4 days ago by Stargrave - 11,838 views
We here at Seibertron have received official word of where Hasbro will be appearing at upcoming conventions across the U.K. and Europe. These always get us fans buzzing as we hope (hope-hope) we'll get to see reveals of upcoming Transformers products from current or upcoming toy lines. Read the listing below and mark your calendars. And hey, even if you don't we'll be here at Seibertron to get your back and keep you updated on any exciting new reveals at any of these events. "Hello there, - Read More
Posted 5 days ago by william-james88 - 13,081 views
Transformers Generations Selects WFC Lancer is available for order on Pulse again. Many either do not have their preorders fulfilled yet or were looking to buy the figure but could not. Well, she ships out right now from Hasbro Pulse. So if you want her, there is no time like the present. She is needed to finish Orthia, the combiner made from the G1 Fembots from the Search for Alpha Trion episode. You can get her by clicking here. Since demand is high, it is very possible that she be sold out - Read More
These items were recently sighted at retail stores: