Six years in the making, this comprehensive textbook is the authoritative guide to conducting MSC. Order now.
Kristin Neff, Ph.D. is widely recognized as one of the world’s leading experts on self-compassion, being the first one to operationally define and measure the construct over a decade ago. In addition to her pioneering research into self-compassion, she has developed an eight-week program to teach self-compassion skills in daily life, co-created with her colleague Dr. Chris Germer, called Mindful Self-Compassion (MSC). Her book, Self-Compassion, was published by William Morrow in April, 2011.
Fierce Self-Compassion Workshop, Berkeley, CA
Sponsored by the Greater Good Science Center, November 22, 2019
6 CE Hours available
Mindful Self-Compassion Core Skills: Los Angeles
Sponsored by Insight LA, December 6 - December 7
CE hours available
The Mindful Self-Compassion Workbook
The seeds of self-compassion already lie within you—this workbook will help you uncover this inner resource and transform your life. Order now.
Self-Compassion
This entertaining book offers expert advice on how to limit self-criticism and offset its negative effects, enabling you to achieve your highest potential and a more fulfilled life. Order now.
Self-Compassion Videos
TEDx Talk: The difference between self-compassion and self-esteem
Mindful Self-Compassion combines the skills of mindfulness and self-compassion, providing a powerful tool for emotional resilience. A randomized controlled trial demonstrated that MSC significantly increased self-compassion, compassion for others, mindfulness, and life satisfaction, as well as decreased depression, anxiety and stress. Visit the Center for Mindful Self Compassion to learn more about MSC and how it can help you have a healthier relationship to yourself.
What's one skill that can change the world?
Learn the power of self-compassion in this video series by Kristin Neff and Chris Germer.
Connect with Dr. Neff
Kristin Neff, Ph.D.
Associate Professor, Human Development, Culture, and Learning Sciences
Educational Psychology Department, The University of Texas at Austin
e-mail: selfcompassion.questions@gmail.com
Please contact this e-mail address if you are interested in booking Dr. Neff for a talk or a workshop on self-compassion. Note that Dr. Neff cannot give advice about people's personal lives. Similarly, she cannot give advice to students about potential research projects.
To receive periodic notices of special events with Kristin Neff, please enter your email here:
Success! Now check your email to confirm your subscription.