Design, schedule and track email campaigns. Drive sales from your emails.
Build your email list using high converting email popups forms, inline forms, and landing pages to own your audience.
Automate your email marketing with a powerful rules based interface. Send right message to the right user at the right time. Set it and forget it. Let SendX handle the work for you.
Design emails without HTML. SendX drag and drop editor is meant for marketers to design professional looking emails with ease.
Every SendX plan comes with unlimited email sends to your opted-in subscribers. We only charge you for your subscribers. There are no hidden email limits whatsoever.
SendX optimizes your email campaigns based on 30+ parameters including past open behavior, timezone, domain name, email client, ISP etc.
Your search for a deliverability focused email marketing software ends here.
Support as easy as messaging a friend. Get 24x7 assistance from our customer success and support teams. You no longer have to wait for days to get your support ticket answered. Get instant help on chat.
See click Heatmap report for your different types of campaigns. This gives you a quick overview of which CTAs are working and which links are people clicking visually.
Get access to more than half a million royalty-free stock photos for your next email marketing campaign.
Get access to 50+ free premium responsive email templates for a variety of use cases and industries.
Annual
Monthly
"I can create sophisticated email marketing campaigns. The team are also superb - helping me with my requests very quickly. I have to say that SendX is the best email marketing software I have used till date."
"I've been using SendX for about 11 months now. Can't speak highly enough about it. I was looking for an alternative to MailChimp - it's easier to use, and with more features. I think most impressively, the support has been excellent."
"Great value at great price. I love SendX's ability to create segmented nurture streams based on products our customers are buying on Furlenco."
“Got amazing support from SendX team. They helped me setup the tool. Setting up drip campaigns is extremely easy and it is extremely easy to import/export contacts and setup campaigns. I can tell that this is easily among the best of all similar tools available in the market.”