Take the Complexity Out of the Agreement Process
Collect eSignatures, payments, and authorizations - securely, efficiently, and conveniently.Let's Talk
Collect eSignatures, payments, and authorizations - securely, efficiently, and conveniently.Let's Talk
Queue the violin. Because a whopping 53% of deals forecasted by reps never close. It’s imperative that organizations remove friction from their sales process and offer customers a seamless way to sign and pay online.Learn more about Sertifi eSignatures.
Signed and paid, effortlessly. But it doesn’t stop there. Through integrations with partners you already love like Amadeus Hospitality, Oracle Hospitality, Salesforce, and Zuora - it’s no wonder why Sertifi is a leader within the space and used by the majority of top hotel management companies.Browse through our extensive and robust partner list today.
Successful organizations that embrace digital change thrive. Are you still using paper forms to collect customer payments? Join those like Hyatt Hotels who capture PCI-compliant payments online 250% faster.Explore our products that enhance PCI, security, and speed.
Powering more than eSignatures, Sertifi modernizes the payment process with secure, online payments. The simplified process adds an extra layer of protection by removing the need to store payment data like paper authorization forms. All of this means a significantly lower risk, PCI scope, and cost by preventing unnecessary exposure to cardholder data.View benefits of Sertifi eAuthorize for authorizations and future billing.
"It’s helping the Sales team on a revenue perspective making sure that stalled contracts aren’t clogging up our pipeline. We’re making sure our business is progressing as we forecasted."DIRECTOR OF SALES AND MARKETING,
"We save hours of work for every group that comes through our doors. On average, we collect signed contracts and initial deposits and payments within just 4 hours, 98 percent faster than using the previous labor-intensive process."GENERAL MANAGER,
"The tight integration of Zuora, Salesforce, Drawloop, and Sertifi created a turnkey solution for us, transforming the way we close deals and onboard clients."VP OF OPERATIONS,
"Sertifi moved Topgolf from an internal process focused on compliance to a process completely out-of-scope, due to not handling any guest credit card information. Additionally, it greatly accelerated the time it takes to get agreements signed and event deposits paid - from 5 days to just 3 hours."NATIONAL SALES DIRECTOR,
"Sertifi was a true game changer for us – it allowed our clients to sign and pay online in the easiest way possible!"MANAGER OF SALES OPERATIONS,
"Sertifi allows our Sales & Catering group to collect signed contracts 96% faster & capture customer payments within one day!"DIRECTOR OF IT,