Second Steps is an award-winning initiative from Southern Home Ownership, whereby existing Shared Ownership residents can purchase their next home (or “Second Step”) on a Shared Ownership basis. If you own a Shared Ownership home and have outgrown the property, Second Steps allows you to sell the property and purchase a new home within London on…
What is Shared Ownership?
Shared Ownership is an affordable home ownership scheme which makes it easier for first time buyers to get on the property ladder. Buyers purchase a share of property, and pay rent on the remaining share. Shared Ownership is a great way for first time buyers to get on the property ladder, as it can dramatically reduce the amount required for a deposit. Shared Ownership has helped thousands of first time buyers onto the property ladder in England.
Share to Buy is a national Shared Ownership property portal, also listing Help to Buy, rental and other affordable home ownership properties. You can search for properties, use our helpful guides and FAQs to get all the info you need and we can even help you search for mortgages and conveyancing solicitors.
Help for first time buyers
Leading first time buyer property portal Share to Buy has created a Mortgage Broker Panel – a reference for purchasers, as they look to secure a mortgage for a Shared Ownership or Help to Buy home. Featuring four of the most experienced specialist brokers in the sector – Metro Finance, TMP The Mortgage People, JDCIFA…
Providing first time buyers with the opportunity to purchase a spacious home close to London’s business district, L&Q has released a duplex apartment and a collection of three bedroom townhouses through Shared Ownership, at Lansbury Square, a popular development offering contemporary homes in central Poplar. Located close to both Canary Wharf and the City, the…
With average home prices and deposits at eye watering levels, first time buyers are often forced to choose between affordability and a spacious, trendy home. Shared Ownership, an alternative route to home ownership, offers first time buyers the opportunity to step onto the property ladder by purchasing a share of their property. Usually requiring lower…