Our heart goes into every floor, every relationship and every home. The first step to a beautiful room starts with Shaw Floors.
Warm elegance and natural charm in a timeless style that lasts for generations.
Changing colors signal a time to change up your space and receive special financing:
Purchase new floors during our BeautiFall Sale and take advantage of 24-month financing (pending credit approval). This offer is available now through November 16 from select Shaw Floors retailers.
Shaw Floors helps you resist stains, stands up to traffic, and looks great all day.
Morning rush hour can be rough. Orange you glad the spills can wait?
Time to paws for a short break.
Quiet moments or rowdy moments - these moments will become memories.
Get out. No really. Get. Out. (A little fresh air is nice)
Our design experts are always looking ahead to help you create the home you love.
The mood for 2019 can’t be captured in a single color alone.
Good design can help us feel comfortable and content. Good design is attainable for any lifestyle, any budget, any room. The goal is to create a space that is right for you.
We're here to help you find the answers you seek! Whether you are shopping for new flooring, or have questions about our products.
Choosing the perfect flooring can be a challenge. With the FloorvanaTM app, a simple photo can make your decision a little easier.
Once you've installed your new flooring, proper maintenance is key. Read more for detailed instructions, how-tos and tips to keep it looking its best.
As you consider the flooring that fits your lifestyle, take advantage of Shaw’s special financing offers.
Shaw Floors is a passionate supporter of St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital and its mission to improve the overall childhood survival rate.
Stay up-to-date on the latest design trends, new products and special deals on the best flooring around. Don't worry; we won't fill your inbox (and we'll never send you spam).
You're now signed up to receive updates from Shaw. And whether you're looking to gather information, select a new style or care for the floors in your home, we look forward to helping you along the way.
In the meantime, stay organized by creating a My Shaw account, where you can compare your flooring options, save your favorites and keep track of your orders all in one place.