Rethinking telecom retail: Stunning new formats dialing success
When it comes to purchasing the latest smartphone, the shopper experience truly blooms in a physical store, and telecom retailers…
Conversion-boosting innovations in telecom retailDownload Now
Boost Mall and Shopping Center Profitability Using Traffic DataDownload Now
How to utilize traffic data in your operationsDownload Now
Now Marketing can Drive Conversion, as well as TrafficDownload Now
Bring in-store consumer behavior into context to improve conversion rates and transaction size.
Turn store data into insights by adding market intelligence, e-commerce and other contextual data.
Develop new strategies to maximize sales through improved operational and marketing effectiveness.
Understanding the impact of marketing and operational efforts on in-store sales is complicated. Not only have shopper behaviors changed, but the retail landscape has rapidly evolved.
Retailers and mall owners need a retail analytics solution with reliable data to help them make informed decisions that positively impact sales. With insight into how many shoppers are walking into a store and when, retailers can create effective marketing and operational decisions and understand the related impact. Incorporating broader market benchmark, promotional, and other data sets, retailers will be able to convert real-time data into meaningful insight to sell more, faster.Learn More
Imagine if you could collect, visualize and influence traffic metrics from one intuitive platform, enabling you to make the most sophisticated leasing, marketing and operational decisions to increase profitability.
ShopperTrak Analytics deliver shopping center owners and retail property managers reliable data to make informed decisions. Accurate shopping center traffic data can be used to explore new leasing models, optimize your retail spaces and ensure you have the right tenant mix by zone.
ShopperTrak Traffic Index provides market benchmark to understand relative traffic performance. The real-time retail analytics provides insight into how many shoppers are walking into your mall and when, owners and property managers enabling shopping centers and malls to increase revenue and improve profitability. Turn insights into action with ShopperTrak Analytics.Learn More
Retailers and mall owners juggle a variety of data sets to assess store operations, marketing efforts and customer behaviors. Even when the data is compiled from individual sources and standardized, finding the hours and labor required to extract meaningful, accurate insight is untenable.
Retailers and mall owners need a professional services solution to provide the framework for positioning the impact of traffic, conversion, and other key metrics across the organization. With an established change management process, retailers can prepare, manage and reinforce tactics to gain buy-in from the field and accelerate results. Through further data integration, segmenting and peer group analysis, retailers will achieve high-impact results.Learn More