Most Amazon sellers hate combining 72 types of fees from Seller Central spreadsheets, to check if their products are profitable.
We do the boring part of aggregating it for you, so you can focus on the fun part - making important decisions based on this data, to grow your Amazon business.Start Free Trial
No Credit Card Required
Profit Tracking
Calculates your profits, margins, includes ppc, storage fees, sales tax and all other expenses.
Learn More
Inventory Forecast
Helps you decide how many units to reorder and when, takes seasonality into account.
Learn More
Business Dashboard
Has widgets with most important metrics - best sellers, growth curve, overall profit margin, inventory value.
View Screenshot
Learning Resources
Features a Big List of Amazon Software Tools and a list of Amazon Podcasters and Influencers to follow.
See the List
What will I mainly use this app for?
To check your daily sales and keep an eye on your profit margin:
Will it add up all Amazon Fees? .. PPC Costs? .. Sales Tax?
Yes, yes and yes. And more.
Manufacturing Costs
Shipping Costs
Inspection Costs
Import Taxes
Amazon Referral Fees
Amazon Fulfillment Fees
PPC Costs for Sponsored Ads
PPC Costs for Headline Ads
FBA One Warehouse Fee
Sales Tax (VAT, HST, etc)
Inventory Reimbursements
Damaged & Lost Reimbursements
Refunds and Refund Fees
Amazon Shipping Promos
Your Custom Promos
FBA Monthly Storage Fees
FBA Long Term Storage Fees
Early Reviewer Program Fees
Lightning Deal Fees
Coupon Redemption Fees
... and 52 more.
I sell in multiple Amazon countries. How will report look like?
You can compare profits in all countries side by side, in your chosen currency.
(instead of having to compare GBP to EUR to USD amounts)
Which Amazon Marketplaces are supported?
Shopkeeper works with 11 countries:
Why is Shopkeeper better than other Profit Dashboards?
Because it's SIMPLE.
Other apps look like busy spreadsheets - it's not easy to quickly check how your sales are going.
With Shopkeeper, you can just give it one glance:
More details are just a click away - you'll see them only when you need them.
"I've tried a couple of other software options and I have to say, yours ticks all the boxes for me - I'm a non-techy and I find what you've built really easy to make sense of." - Dave
Huge fan of my Shopkeeper dashboard. Beautiful, all-in-one page overview, which is important to me as a medium-sized seller. I'm busy! At a glance I can see how my sales and profit did today, yesterday, past month, plus important indicators such as whether there are new sellers on my listings or low inventory levels. Which is exactly what I was looking for in a dashboard.
- Dana
Awesome app for amazon sellers! It quickly shows us our profit margin which we were only able to guess on before. Saves us a lot of time by using the inventory tool to know how many we need to order in the future. Paulina and her team are awesome at answering any questions and they are continuously improving their app to be better. We've tried 2 other similar apps and hands down we think shopkeeper is much better as it is way more detailed and has more useful things that we need and is way easier to navigate through.
- Joseph
I really like Shopkeeper. It's very easy to use, I can see without any effort how my company is doing. I quite enjoy the sound effect for every sale I get too! Any problems I have had (which are few) have been fixed extremely fast. I would definitely recommend Shopkeeper to any Amazon seller it is good value and well worth the money.
- Benjamin
More real reviews on:
You said I can make decisions based on your data. What kind of decisions?
Sure, here's an example.
Let's say you changed nothing about your listing, but Shopkeeper shows that your profit suddenly decreased by €3:
You click on Breakdown to investigate.
And you discover that FBA fees went from €6.91 ..
.. to €9.99!
You double check the delivery addresses on Seller Central and see that customers are in the same country where you stock your EU inventory.
Ok, so it can't be the EFN (cross-border) fee, which would have been included in FBA fee.
You investigate with Amazon, and indeed, they increased the fees for your item without notifying you about it:
Then you make a decision to raise your prices for this product.
Without Shopkeeper, you may have not even noticed that something changed.
With Shopkeeper, you can identify issues that are affecting your profit and act on them quickly.
What about my Inventory?
Shopkeeper will help you decide exactly when and how many units to re-order:
What else is cool?
Many Things! For example, there is a widget on the dashboard, showing your inventory value:
There are at least three more cool things - sign up to discover them.
Why is your app called Shopkeeper?
Because every shopkeeper keeps track of sales, profit & inventory. So does our app.
Ka-Ching Sound
When you make a new sale, you will hear a Cash Register Sound like this:
Where are your users from?
France. Spain. Romania. Israel. United States. All around the world.
Julien is from France.
He has his own Youtube channel for french-speaking Amazon Sellers, and also writes an awesome blog.
He has his own Youtube channel for french-speaking Amazon Sellers, and also writes an awesome blog.
Francisco is from Spain.
He is a 7-figure seller. Francisco hosts a Youtube channel for spanish-speaking Amazon Sellers,
and also runs an academy.
He is a 7-figure seller. Francisco hosts a Youtube channel for spanish-speaking Amazon Sellers,
and also runs an academy.
Vadim is from Italy.
Vadim is a successful Amazon seller. He and his friend Mattia also host a Mastermind for italian-speaking Amazon Sellers.
Vadim is a successful Amazon seller. He and his friend Mattia also host a Mastermind for italian-speaking Amazon Sellers.
The Novice
$20
per month
|1 to 250 Orders per Month
|Notifications on New Sales, Inventory Levels & New Sellers
|Checks Every 10 Minutes
|Business Dashboard
|Sales, Inventory & Sellers Overview Reports
Start Free Trial
The Intermediate
$45
per month
|250 to 1,000 Orders per Month
|Notifications on New Sales, Inventory Levels & New Sellers
|Checks Every 10 Minutes
|Business Dashboard
|Sales, Inventory & Sellers Overview Reports
Start Free Trial
The Master
$90
per month
|1,000 to 5,000 Orders per Month
|Notifications on New Sales, Inventory Levels & New Sellers
|Checks Every 10 Minutes
|Business Dashboard
|Sales, Inventory & Sellers Overview Reports
Start Free Trial
Beautiful on Desktop
And on Mobile