Create contests, giveaways, quizzes, landing pages and more. No coding required.
Sign up for free and begin creating campaigns today.
One platform is all you need to: |
Run contests
Build beautiful interactive contests, giveaways, quizzes and landing pages in a snap.
Collect leads
Obtain customer information with your campaigns and get to know your customers better than they know themselves.
Send emails
Keep in touch with your customers by sending autoresponders, scheduled emails and drip campaigns.
Boost interactions
Get the conversation started with comment and hashtag contests to promote engagement. Use refer-a-friend and instant win contests to increase sharing.
Gather UGC
Incentivize customers to share content they create and collect it using hashtags and forms.
Increase sales
Highlight your products or services, embed campaigns on your website and follow up with leads, all in one place.
The marketing tools you need to meet your goals
Collect leads and valuable information via customizable forms.
Forms
Instant Win
Comment Contests
Entry Management
Team Collaboration
Analytics
Promote your brand, increase customer trust and improve SEO with a custom domain.
Custom Domains
Be where your customers are: |
Mobile
Create responsive campaigns for mobile devices.
Send autoresponder, scheduled and follow-up emails to the leads you collect with ShortStack campaigns.
Collect leads and UGC from around the web
ShortStack makes it easy to grow your lists and engage your customers. Collect leads via forms on your website and landing pages. Gather UGC from Instagram and Twitter via hashtags, plus pull in comments as entries from your status updates on Instagram and Facebook.
Make your leads work for you
Get the most out of your promotions by using integrated campaign and email analytics. Receive real-time insights on traffic sources, views, shares, open rates and conversions.
Use this data to boost your results even before your campaign is over by sending scheduled and follow-up emails to your marketing lists. All without leaving your ShortStack account.
Do more with the services you already have
Send leads you collect from promotions and contests directly to your database or other CRM tools.