Unlock Opportunities with Online Identity Verification
- Identity Verification
- AML Screening
- Biometric Authentication
Unlock Opportunities
with Online Identity Verification
- Identity Verification
- AML Screening
- Biometric Authentication
Real-time
Global
Fastest
Fraud Prevention, AML, and KYC Services
Identify opportunities with real customers, remove threat, and do business with ease.
Verify in
30
Seconds
from
3000+
ID Documents
in
150+
Languages
and screen
1700+
Watch Lists
Trusted RegTech Solution
Know Your Customer in 30 Seconds
AML Screening
Biometric Onboarding
Fast and Easy Developer options to integrate
Shufti Pro in any platform
Restful API, and SDKs
Demo App
Auto Code Generator
Shufti Pro’s latest feature help developers to do integration in
any platform, and any language in a matter of minutes
Compliance
Security
Trusted By
Collaborating with Shufti Pro has greatly reduced the manual work required for customer verification and initial screening without losing high standards of AML/CTF procedures.
Ontology is pleased to begin its journey with Shufti Pro, combining blockchain technology with identity verification services, providing a blockchain-based end-solution for KYC/AML services.
Näktergal aims to safeguard its client-base with real-time identity verification offered by Shufti Pro, verifying users within the record time of 30-60 seconds.
The built-in video identification feature is intuitive for customers. We have found the team at Shufti Pro, to be very responsive in helping with any queries or concerns that may need to be addressed.
Thanks to its flexible modular structure, Shufti Pro’s features are at the core of our state of the art, proprietary and single access merchant boarding.
Thankfully we were able to verify our users and their backgrounds instantaneously with Shufti Pro’s Integration, allowing us to comply with all regulatory requirements.
With Shufti Pro”s automated solution, we utilized our human resources more effectively and achieved the security level that was needed.
Shufti-Pro is a strategic partner in our quest for industry-leading customer service and user safety.
What we noticed with Shufti Pro is that they clearly employ the same philosophy of keeping things simple, for both developers and users alike.