14 days free trial ✓
No credit card required ✓
No automatic renewal ✓
No credit card required. No automatic renewal.
There's a never ending back and forth while scheduling shifts? Not anymore. Just a few clicks and your shift schedule is done. Weekly schedule, monthly schedule or a special schedule for an event – shyftplan adapts to your needs. You can also copy your shift schedule from last week in order to save even more time.
Who came and left when and had how many breaks? Our punch time answers all of these questions without you having to lift a single finger. This way you can always keep track of the worked hours, both for your internal planning as well as for external inspections.
After all the work is done, it’s time for accounting. shyftplan gives you an instant breakdown of all the hours worked and the wages that must be paid. If you wish so, your employees can evaluate their shifts to-the-minute and enter their actual start and end times themselves. With shyftplan all evaluations can be digitally exported for further use.
Payroll takes time, wracks your nerves and costs money. Until now! Since you already scheduled and evaluated who has worked when and where, you can carry out your payroll in shyftplan with just one click. Apart from saving time you will also save money, because with shyftplan your payroll costs will be about 70% less than having it done by a tax consultant.
At Tesla we have high standards for a product - it has to be innovative, environmentally friendly and efficient, all of which we have found in the digital shift schedule of shyftplan.
We love food products and our employees. Therefore, we handle our staff planning with the mobile employee scheduling software called shyftplan.
Here at JONNY M. we put value in innovative concepts and ideas to always provide our members with the best and latest from the sports industry. shyftplan offers the perfect scheduling solution that flexibly adapts to our needs.
Westwing is expected to show competence, reliability and style. With the shyftplan employee scheduling software our team is perfectly organized and can fully concentrate on fulfilling our customers' needs.
No credit card required. No automatic renewal.