And we know that in all things God works for the good of those who love him, who have been called according to his purpose. Romans 8:28
Sifa, means praise. Sifa Lyrics is the #1 Christian Music Lyrics website for praise and worship songs. The word sifa originates from Swahili(The Most spoken Language in East & Central Africa) to mean"attribute" or"praise".
Sifa Lyrics brings you a comprehensive list of Christian songs classified into Praise and Worship, country songs, Popular Hymns, Gospel Reggae, Contemporary Songs & Urban gospel Songs . Most of the songs in Sifa Music are in English and Kiswahili, we look forward to partner with other brethren from different regions to include songs in other languages.
Sifa Music offers scripture verses that relate to a song. This we believe is the best way to understand how a song edifies God.Both The Holy Bible and Biblia Takatifu (Swahili Bible) have been included to enable this functionality.
Worship is a fundamental necessity in the relationship between Man and God. Worship songs form the main and most popular means of worship.
God seeks for those who will worship Him in truth and spirit, Sifa Lyrics brings the best of worship songs to bring you close to God through Music.
Praise is the expression of approval & admiration to someone or something. Praise by Christians is the joyful thanksgiving and adoration to Jehovah. Christians praise God in various ways, most common being through praise Songs. The scripture calls for everyone to praise God: For He is great and greatly to be praised, He is to be feared above all Gods Psalms 96:4
Hymns are to the all time Christian songs that have been sung for centuries by different denominations across the world. Hymns unify and are accepted by all Churches as a central part of praise and worship. Ephesians 5:19 speaking to one another in psalms, hymns, and spiritual songs; singing, and singing praises in your heart to the Lord.
Country Gospel songs consists of a collection of Southern and Country Gospel Songs. Some hymns have been adopted into country style forming rich classical Christian Country-Hymns.List of Country Songs
A Jamaican kind of music, Gospel songs in this category compose a huge set of Caribbean Christian songs. Reggae is also a popular style in Africa.Gospel Reggae List
Contemporary music in Sifa Lyrics composes of Urban songs or modern music. Contemporary collection includes genres such as Christian pop/rap and rock.Contemporary Music List