2019 National Hazing Prevention Week
As demanded by our founders when forming a fraternity in opposition of hazing, Sigma Nu must remain engaged in concerted effortsto understand, address, and ultimately prevent the issue of hazing that may exist in our respective communities. Learn More >
The Delta - Summer 2019
How Sigma Nu's premier ethical leadership development experience made an impact on seven Commanders. Read More >
2018 Hall of Honor Inductees
The Hall of Honor recognizes those exemplary brothers who have distinguished themselves in their professional fieldsand have rendered distinctive service for the progress and well being of Sigma Nu. Learn More >
2018 Hall of Fame Inductees
The Hall of Fame recognizes brothers who have brought credit to their nation, profession, themselves, and Sigma Nu. Learn More >
The Men's Health Gap
The brothers of Gamma Zeta (Oregon) have partnered with the Movember Foundation to help address the growinggap in men's health. Learn More >
All News >
Latest News
Who Do We Allow to Define Us?
For far too long we have permitted the unruly minority of fraternity membership define us.
Full Story >
Being A Big Brother Is...
Ways to ensure the Big Brother program effectively meets its intended objectives.
Values in Action
Division Commander Chris Graham shares what the values of Love, Honor, and Truth mean to him.
2019 NHPW Message from the Regent
A Special Message from Regent John A. Hearn (Georgia) to kick off National Hazing Prevention Week.
Sigma Nu Educational Foundation
The Rock that supports Excelling with Honor.
LEAD
The LEAD Program is a comprehensive ethical leadership development program designed to ensure participants "learn by doing."
Sigma Nu Institute
Assist with the officer transition process and learning curve that accompanies taking on new positions of chapter leadership.
Values Based Recruitment
VBR takes a comprehensive approach to recruitment.
Helping Hand Initiative
The Helping Hand Initiative consists of two primary components: Founders' Week-of-Service and the Helping Hand Partners.
Best Practices Library
A practice, a program or process that results in or leads to performance at the "excellence" level of the Fraternity's Pursuit of Excellence Program.
College of Chapters
An intense, interactive program for our collegiate chapter Commanders focusing on chapter management, leadership, and core competencies.
The Legion of Honor
To develop ethical leaders inspired by the principles of Love, Honor and Truth.To foster the personal growth of each man’s mind, heart and character.To perpetuate lifelong friendships and commitment to the Fraternity.
Community service hours reportedby collegiate chapters
Educational workshops providedfor collegiate members
Million raised for charities bycollegiate Sigma Nu chapters
More Sigma Nu Stats >
© 2015-2019 Sigma Nu Fraternity, Inc.9 North Lewis Street, P.O. Box 1869, Lexington, Virginia 24450Phone: 540.463.1869 | Fax: 540.463.1669 | Email: headquarters@sigmanu.org