Featured Items
-
Sale
Auburn: Red Head Sex Doll$ 2,099.00$ 2,299.00
-
Sale
Dominique: Thic Sex Doll$ 2,399.00$ 2,499.00
-
Sale
Esther: Maid Sex Doll$ 2,299.00$ 2,399.00
-
Lara: Fit Sex Doll$ 2,299.00
Featured Collections
The Top Rated Sex Doll Store
Quality
- Dolls made of premium silicone and TPE materials
- Durable metal skeleton with flexible joints for many positions
- Hand-made and thoroughly tested, safe for human use
Luxury
- Dolls designed and hand-sculpted by professional artists
- Every inch of our dolls, inside and out, are made with your pleasure in mind
- Only the most lifelike materials are selected for our Dolls
Service
- Free express shipping worldwide
- Discreet packaging and billing
- Track delivery right to your door
Welcome to Silicon Wives! If you are looking for a high-quality sex doll, then you’ve come to right place. We have a unique selection of luxury sex dolls that are designed to look and feel just like the woman of your dreams.
Realistic Sex Dolls For Sale
We know what you want when you shop for a quality sex doll, and we have a selection of lifelike sex dolls just for you. Our dolls are a result of precision designing that makes them exciting and stimulating to use. Our love dolls are hand sculpted by professionals who put in a lot of time to bring out every detail. At Silicon Wives, we are proud of our attention to detail and product quality and therefore guarantee our customer satisfaction.
Premium quality sex dolls
We only choose the most life like substances to create what are the best sex dolls in their class. Our sex dolls are made from TPE materials and premium silicone, making every part of their exterior as realistic as can be. You will find sex dolls with the most luscious bouncy breasts for a sex doll.We also make the dolls with durability in mind. Silicon Wives provides you with high quality sex robots with a durable interior too. The dolls come with a metal skeleton with very flexible joints such that you can enjoy using them in different positions.
Apart from being durable and authentic, our sex dolls are also made for safe usage. You don’t have to worry about any materials causing any health problems as they are safe for human use. The hand-made dolls are always put through rigorous tests to make sure they are not hypoallergenic and our clients can use them safely.
Choose from a variety of sex dolls
When it comes to buying a sex toy of any sort, you always want some variety before choosing what to buy. For our sex doll collection, this variety is taken to a whole new level. You have lots of character dolls and facial preferences to choose from.
Look through our sex doll catalog where you can find a lot of choice in terms of lip color, skin complexion, fingernail and toenail color, makeup, hair color, pubic hair, eye color, vaginal insert method, hair design, nipples and so much more. We even have mini sex dolls and sex doll torsos to choose from.
Free Shipping
All our clients across the globe get free shipping from wherever in the world. Our billing method and packaging are discrete and your product will be delivered to your doorstep. We ensure you receive your purchase on time, so you don’t have to worry about inconveniences no matter where you are in the world.
Buy Sex Dolls at a Fair Price
When shopping for your sex toy at Silicon Wives, you can always be sure to find something within your budget. Our range of luxury sex dolls is priced reasonably. We aim to provide you with a sex doll that serves you excellently and is within reach. Reach out to us and grab the sex toy you have always fantasized about.
The Sex Doll Blog
-
Check Out Our Latest Dolls: Fall 2019
Posted on October 09 2019Check Out Our Latest Dolls - Fall 2019 At Silicon Wives, we’re constantly working with ...
-
Why do Men Love Sex Dolls
Posted on September 25 2019Forget everything you’ve ever been told about men who buy sex dolls. It’s probably ent...
-
Should You Finance Your Sex Doll?
Posted on September 11 2019A well-made sex doll can bring you years of pleasure and companionship. It can help yo...