Easily create WOW websites that are supported on all browsers and devices, using an advanced, straightforward and convenient user interface. No code is required with Simbla drag and drop website builder. Built on Bootstrap3 cutting-edge technology, our templates are well- designed and tailored for any kind of business. Take a tour through our responsive website templates and prepare to be amazed. View our responsive website templates.
Store and manage any kind of data using Simbla’s online database. Simbla allows you to add web forms to collect data from your web visitors, and you can use our drag and drop website builder to design your custom forms. Once stored, you can apply many functions to view, update and alter your data; for example, showcase tables with your users’ data or create a pie chart to track orders - endless features and high flexibility awaits. Simbla’s responsive website builder will help you design all of your data in a way that will supply your users with the best user experience. Learn how to create your first online database.
Simbla website maker is also the infrastructure for creating amazing web applications. Connect your responsive websites to a dedicated database, with the assistance of a flexible and modern UI. Servers and upgrades are unnecessary for creating data-driven pages when using our responsive website builder. We allow for easy and quick implementation of any web application, for any need. Read more about our online application builder.
At Simbla, we strive to provide tools that enable entire systems to be developed without coding. In complex projects, often there are parts that require a more sophisticated answer. For this reason, we enable our developers to write server side code with NodeJS. With the help of this feature, you will be able to write functions, turn to the database, send and receive data from external systems, perform calculations and more.
Providing solutions for cloud-based software (SaaS) constitutes a complex challenge. Simbla simplifies this challenge and provides assistance covering all the aspects involved. With Simbla, it is possible to reduce the amount of time and resources required for the developing process by 60-80%, and by doing so, eliminating the necessity of having large teams to manage the cloud infrastructure. We’re responsible for managing the servers, the resources and availability of the system so you could concentrate on developing and selling your product. Our secured architecture supports a multitude of clients and databases, offering help with the management of the versions and upgrades required.
Managing your business through a lot of separate, third-party applications is a tough mission; instead, upgrade your website with our original apps such as Blog, eCommerce, Lead Manager, and much more. Integrative apps allow you to control and manage your business in one place, as you will be able to view all the different interactions your client undergoes— from purchase to post-sale support. All of Simbla’s apps were developed on Simbla’s online database and Simbla’s application builder tool and built with Simbla’s website creator. View our app market.
"We cannot recommend Simbla online website builder enough! Building our index of best escape room games as quickly as we did would not have been possible without Simbla’s extensive database feature and dynamic data. Thanks to the flexibility of Simbla’s UI, we now have a well-designed website that only took minutes to create and increases its traffic by the day."
Steve Russell, CEO
"When I became CEO of CareShield, I searched for a platform we would use to accelerate web development and scale our vision. We needed to leverage Bootstrap and its mobile-first approach to provide the best UX, as well as an application which is both user-friendly and highly configurable with HTML, CSS and JS. Finally, we needed a partner who was aligned with our ongoing success and open to a collaborative dialogue. Simbla exceeded my expectations, and I couldn’t be more pleased with our selection."
Nick Picone, CEO
"We initially discovered Simbla while looking for a fully responsive platform for Quantum2, making it more likely for people to find and browse our website using mobile devices and tablets. The drag and drop functionality made it quick and easy for us to add pages, product images and text – whilst uncomplicated webpage settings allowed us to effortlessly add crucial SEO to our pages. Over the last couple of months, we’ve received new business from organic Google searches –the work that’s gone into building our own website is really paying off!"
Greg Shillinglaw , Director
“Simbla is very easy to use, especially in PRO mode of the online website builder. You don’t need to be an expert to create sample page and you can also save a lot money doing this by yourself. In few hours my page was ready.”
Daniel Przybyslawski, Managing Director & Prepress Specialist
Simbla’s team has one calling: To provide the most enhanced and unique online platform, accommodating all modern web solution needs. Simbla's package incorporates a unified, drag & drop cloud environment for businesses and developers, including a database, development tools, and ready-made business applications. This exciting environment enables users to create their own all-in-one solution easily and independently.
Browse through tons of ready-made responsive website templates, or use our Website Wizard. With Simbla tools, anyone can easily create their own unique and responsive websites. Simbla websites can be integrated with the Simbla database in no time, by using our draggable database widgets.
Enables customers to easily create their own online database (including tables, users, and permissions) with a friendly interface – no coding required.
Offer a set of tools for both developers and non-developers to either customize or create their own data-based web applications. Simbla provides a state-of-the-art, server-less environment – we take care of installs, updates and scales.2
Quickly enhance your website with ready-made applications, such as eCommerce, Lead Management, Product Catalog and Blog.
We have huge surprises for our community in 2019, with some of our greatest releases on their way; CRM, Email Marketing, Knowledge Base, Online Scheduling, and even more are coming soon. You can also expect Simbla’s white labeling for SaaS Companies. SaaS companies will be able to develop and sell their SaaS products on Simbla’s cloud.
Simbla is a developing platform designed to make the developing process more efficient and accessible to a broad range of users.
Years of experience in developing cloud-based systems have led the founders of Simbla to create a solution that will serve not only them but the developing community at large. We have created a unique platform that gives you the ability to quickly build and maintain cloud-based software.
Simbla provides its customers with the possibility to reduce the time and resources spent on a project by 60-80%. A significant advantage over the available tools today.
Users who aren’t knowledgeable at developing can reach outstanding results using Drag & Drop without a single line of code.
SaaS software suppliers and developers will find a home in Simbla, one that offers a variety of advanced tools to make development much shorter and maintenance much more efficient and simple.