Say hello to the modern independent podcast hosting and analytics platform. Simplecast remains the easiest way for podcasters to publish audio to the world—with one-click publishing to Apple Podcasts , Spotify , or wherever your audience listens.
Plans starting at only $15 a month. Learn more.
Say hello to the modern independent podcast hosting and analytics platform. Simplecast remains the easiest way for podcasters to publish audio to the world—with one-click publishing to Apple Podcasts , Spotify , or wherever your audience listens.
For nearly 6 years, Simplecast has provided podcasters with industry-leading publishing, distribution, analytics, and sharing tools. Simplecast exists for the podcaster, giving shows of all shapes and sizes access to the same tools powering shows from some of the world's biggest brands.
Publishing and distributing an episode is easier than ever before. All-new streamlined workflows and forthcoming episode templates take your episode from post production to ears around the globe, nearly instantly. Use one-click publishing to distribute your episodes wherever your listeners are: Apple Podcasts, Spotify, Google Podcasts, Stitcher and many more. Not gonna lie–it feels a little like magic.
At our core, Simplecast is a podcast technologies company. That means that under the hood you'll find the industry's most robust audio streaming infrastructure–delivering millions of minutes of audio content every single day. Sleep soundly knowing your podcast is bulletproof–because no one wants to lose listeners to problems or outages. We've spent 6 years perfecting our infrastructure so we can watch you and your show's back.
Meet Audience by Simplecast–an audio analytics platform unlike any you've seen. Better understand your listeners, where they are, where they listen (like at work, home, or on a plane). Compare episodes trends and get never-before insights into what parts of your show are shared the most. With IAB compliancy, your numbers are industry-standard right out of the box. We've made enterprise-scale analytics affordable for podcasters everywhere.
In the past, moving your podcast to a new home was a big deal and could be an overwhelming project–so we decided to change it. The Simplecast Show Migrator requires zero heavy lifting. Choose your show, confirm the owner, and watch the progress meter zip along. Plus, our world-class support team is available 7 days a week for any questions before your big move. Shut the front door. Welcome home!
Podcast discovery still happens in the web browser. We know this, so we're arming you with the most beautiful, robust, and intelligent web players available. Whether you want to embed a single episode or an entire show, we have you covered. They're oEmbed-ready, making it effortless to use them on site-builders like Squarespace or Wordpress, blogs like Medium, and across social media. They can also report your listeners' listening speeds, share points, and drop-offs, as well!
While we're talking about websites: we realize many podcasters don't want to maintain a third-party site for their podcast. No worries! With our all-new site builder, creating a site is as simple as publishing your first episode or trailer. Customize the theme colors, create additional pages, and you're good to go. They are beautiful, mobile-friendly, and optimized for search engines. Want to use a custom website domain? We got you. (Plus HTTPS security on all sites!) Be a podcaster, not a webmaster.
One account, multiple shows, multiple collaborators! With all-new permission levels, invite Team Members to one show or multiple shows, while granting them access to see or edit only what you want. Publishing more than one show? Manage your entire show library from one account. Easy!
Stories have the power to connect people and change lives. Recast® is a podcast sharing and discovery tool which allows you and your listeners to share custom clips of your episodes, optimized for social media. We're constantly creating innovative new ways for listeners to interact with their favorite creators. Recast, the industry's first listener-powered audiogram tool, offers insights into your listeners' sharing habits through all-new reporting tools.
Made for podcasters, and now developers, too. Simplecast API 2.0 is by far the most advanced audio publishing and distribution API available today. Use it to build your own website, upload tool, a listening app, and even your own analytics dashboard. If we can build it, so can you.
$13.50 /mo if prepaid annually
$31.50 /mo if prepaid annually
$76.50 /mo if prepaid annually
Looking for enterprise-level features and support? Have a quickly growing show? We'd love to tell you about Simplecast Professional. Reach out—we're here to help.