We create social photo experiences with fun, easy-to-use products and apps. Create, capture, and share photos and GIFs with our unique iPad photo booths and selfie stations.Watch Video
We’re loved by over 12,911,842 people around the world.
We partner with remarkable brands, so you're in good company.
Red Bull fuels social media buzz with Simple Booth's HALO at music festival stops across the country. With Simple Booth, Red Bull provides fans with a fun activity and spurs online engagement with an interactive experience that strikes a chord with concert goers.
Celebrity guests of Late Night with Seth Meyers spend time hanging in the green room before and after they appear. The show uses Simple Booth so celebs can share what's happening behind the scenes and post content for fans.
OutCold Marketing used HALO for a Nordstrom Rack activation at Outside Lands Music Festival in San Francisco. Over the course of 3 days, with a single HALO unit, more than 2385 festival goers took photos, generating almost 1100 opt-in leads.
Uber and Smartwater teamed up for New York Fashion Week to install Simple Booth HALOs in the back of a fleet of SUVs. Influencers helped create buzz through social media shares, while riders enjoyed a completely new experience during their trip.
LIV is one of the hottest night clubs in all of Miami. They have found HALO to be a perfect match for their modern aesthetic and vibe. LIV uses Simple Booth to create social buzz through a fun and lively photo experience, complete with custom props and backdrops.
The W Hotel in Austin uses HALO at events so their upscale clientele can share experiences from the bar, pool, lobby and lounge. Not only do they increase their social reach, but they also get to maintain control of the experience and their brand.
Saucony has a team of 30 national brand ambassadors that travel to retail shoe stores across the United States. To engage with customers and amplify their reach, they invite shoppers to take a Simple Booth photo when they purchase a pair of Sacuony shoes.
Servers are constantly asked, "would you take a picture of us?” Seize this opportunity and create a branded photo booth experience for your customers to share photos from your restaurant.
NBC uses Simple Booth for shows like The Voice and The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon. Celebs can share what's happening behind the scenes and post content for fans.
The Downtown Alliance of New York teamed up with Simple Booth to give tourists a fun and convenient way to send home a “digital postcard” featuring a spectacular view of the One World Trade Center as the backdrop. The photo kiosk is a permanent installation in a custom, all-weather enclosure.
Capture memories from your wedding. Get guests to let loose with our modern take on the photo booth. Keep it simple with an iPad, our iOS app and a stand. Get creative with props and backdrops. We have solutions for all wedding budgets and sizes.
Whether you've got a party, a birthday, a family reunion or you're just celebrating with friends, Simple Booth adds to the fun and captures the memories. We're here to help you create a great experience for any occasion.
"Easy to assemble on your own! Halo light makes everyone look great."Lauren P. | Event Operations
"Just used Simple Booth for the first time last night. It worked awesome, was easy to set up, and the quality was great. Didn’t have any issues and worked super fast. Absolutely love it!!"Matt | Founder & CEO
"It’s extremely easy to use and has helped create wonderful memories for friends and family at a variety of events!"Anna Eckhoff | Owner
"We found that more of our guests were engaged at our activations and that people were eager to get their photos. We also felt that for how much we’ve been using it that it was definitely worth the ROI."Lauren Travis | Director of Marketing
"Awesome interactive booth and amazing team of professionals. Super responsive and top notch service. Love Simple Booth!"Kate | Council Member
“Worth the investment! It takes such great quality photos and is so portable! We can set it up anywhere, without having to worry about moving a large, bulky “booth.” It’s really interactive and our guests love having an added benefit during their event!”Lauren Hammil | Manager of Events
"I would highly recommend HALO to any venue that is looking to engage their audience. The software itself is very easy to understand and intuitive. The amount you invest initially, you get back 10-fold due to the back-end collection of data and the amount of social impressions you receive."Greg Godfrey | Marketing Director
We've got a photo booth solution for events and venues of all sizes.Photo Marketing Event Engagement Just For Fun