Accept online bookings
Your own, personalised, mobile optimized booking website or integrate with your existing site and even Facebook page!
Login:
admin
Password:
demo
Your own, personalised, mobile optimized booking website or integrate with your existing site and even Facebook page!
Send out reminders to staff and clients whenever appointments are booked, cancelled or rescheduled.
Secure communication and all data backed up daily. We even have a dedicated security officer keeping the team on it’s toes!
Accept online payments through a range of payment processors like PayPal, Stripe and more or accept cash or card onsite via our POS system.
Booking widgets for Facebook, Wordpress and other CMS systems or use our API to build your own custom integrations.
Various features to fit your business; Coupons & gift cards, sale of products, membership, classes, promotion system, HIPAA, SOAP, Intake forms, Packages, POS and more.
Unlimited services, unlimited service providers, unlimited clients and unlimited system users at no extra cost!
Adjust your booking website to your brand and customize all messages for notifications, reminders, feedback requests etc.
Monitor your bookings, site visits, most popular service providers and services in any device at any time.
Sync the booking page with your Google or Outlook calendar to eliminate scheduling conflicts.
You can have multiple service locations and assign staff to those different locations and clients book respectively.
Are bookings slow? Offer discounts and even reward clients for spreading out the promotion. Further increase revenues by selling products upon booking.
Clients can schedule appointments via the web using any device, anywhere and at any time.
Email & SMS reminders & automatic booking confirmation notifications to help your clients to show up on time.
The system automatically sends feedback requests after appointments so that clients can post their own reviews. Clients can also read other people's reviews.
Easily schedule recurring appointments and get reminded before each appointment.
Clients can cancel appointments which is always better than people not showing up! You can define cancellation terms.
Schedule a booking for a whole group at once and pay upfront if required.
No design skills needed
Fully responsive
Choose from a variety of templates
Design a professional and customized look for your booking website. Choose from our beautiful brand new fully responsive templates to fit your company brand. You can even choose the most convenient way for your clients to see your booking availability such as by class, time or staff.
Mandel Dermatology
“SimplyBook.me has reduced our monthly costs, increased our number of online bookings, and has helped us better communicate to our patients by customizing the email and notification preferences to suit our needs,” states Jared. “SimplyBook.me made it super easy for our patients to book appointments, and it is even easier for us to manage our bookings in an efficient manner.”
Dr. Mitchell J. Mandel
Owner
Big or small businesses...we love serving you all. Unlike other booking systems who will charge you based on the number of staff or services you have, we base our pricing on number of bookings and the customization of the system. You can have unlimited staff, unlimited services and unlimited clients!
We know that even if you are just starting out you may have a number of different staff providing a lot of different services, but it's the bookings - the business - that determines how well you are doing. That's why we enable you to start small and we grow with you.
We also know that as your practice grows, the more advanced your needs become. That's why the basic system is affordable - free even - and we only charge the more advanced things get.
It is our goal to make your business blossom. Check out our Business Blog and see if you can't find some good tips there on how to make your business even better!
Let SimplyBook.me help you to manage and schedule any kind of classes you may have ... yoga classes, language classes, dog training classes or box classes. Your clients confirm their attendance on your own booking page, they can pay beforehand, if you choose, and all this without ever contacting you!
Stop double bookings and expensive no shows. Start simplifying your life today by managing your classes with SimplyBook.me scheduling system.Classes Scheduling
Now you can finally run your whole business with one and the same system. Our new POS Custom Feature enables you to create and register bookings and payments on-site for client walk-ins. You can accept payments on-site, print out invoices, scan barcodes and sell gift cards, products and more. The Point of Sale features gives you a concrete overview of your business, where you can see bookings all the way through payment within one and the same scheduling software.See all Features
Letting your customers book online does not just increase sales but also reduce no-shows and increases customer lifetime value. According to GetApp’s research, 70% of people prefer scheduling appointments online
It’s not always easy to reach clients as a small business owner. If you have a local service business, you might think that local marketing is the way to go.
Oh, Instagram, the source of inspiration for countless millennials, a visual gem and the perfect “look at how cool I am” platform. I could sing love songs about how remarkable this quintessence of social media is, but we are here for a different reason.