Menu
Get a tailored policy in minutes and join over 500,000 customers.
Compare quotes from leading brands
We know that every business is unique. Whether you’re a self-employed cleaner, tradesman, beauty therapist or dog walker, you want specialist small business insurance tailored to your needs – so that’s what we provide. And as landlords need flexible cover too, our landlord insurance can cover things like buildings, contents and loss of rent.
Answer a few simple questions about your business and we’ll show you quotes from a range of insurers in minutes. Pick your core covers, from public liability insurance for injury and property damage, to employers’ liability insurance for your staff. And there are options for different risks, like professional indemnity insurance, or protection for your business equipment.
Our UK-based team will be with you through every step of your cover. You can speak to us if you have any questions, or want to change or update your policy – and we’ll handle everything if you need to make a claim. It’s easy to contact us by phone, email, letter or social media, and our award-winning service has led to 9/10 customers rating us good (or excellent).
One in three tradespeople have had their tools stolen, costing victims over £3,000 on average.
In our recent survey, 84 per cent of tradespeople told us that they believe government should be doing more to tackle the issue.
That's why we've launched our campaign to Stamp Out Tool Theft, petitioning for tighter regulations around the selling of secondhand tools, and stricter minimum fines for those convicted.Learn more
In 2017, Simply Business became an accredited B Corp. This accreditation recognises our strong track record of having a positive impact on people, society and the environment.
We’re at the beginning of our B Corp journey, and although we’ve been recognised as a market leader, we’ll continue to look for more ways to support our workers, help others, and help preserve our world.Learn more
Our score is based on the reviews we’ve collected on Feefo, the independent customer research specialist.Read our reviews
“It is a very good and easy to use service. I've been a customer for several years and the renewal system is very straight forward. I've always found the quotes competitive too. I'd definitely recommend Simply Business.”
– R Matthews, Handyman
New data from Simply Business reveals that the number of independent bakeries, cake makers and tea and cake shops has been consistently rising year-on-year.
The new tax year starts on 6 April – understand the updates affecting the self-employed, from changes to the personal allowance to a big increase in the national living wage.
Simply Business launch their campaign to Stamp Out Tool Theft by driving a billboard van to parliament to highlight the scale of the issue. Learn how we're petitioning for change.
Keep up to date with Simply Business. Subscribe to our monthly newsletter and follow us on social media.Subscribe to our newsletter
6th Floor
99 Gresham Street
London
EC2V 7NG
Sol House
29 St Katherine's Street
Northampton
NN1 2QZ
© Copyright 2019 Simply Business. All Rights Reserved. Simply Business is a trading name of Xbridge Limited which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (Financial Services Registration No: 313348). Xbridge Limited (No: 3967717) has its registered office at 6th Floor, 99 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7NG.