Four years in, trusted by over 2,000 retirees.
Since our founding in 2015, we've received countless unsolicited emails from customers with stories of how our service has helped them. Here's just a few of those notes:
June 15, 2019
Brian,
I am so pleased to have found your company. Leading up to my retirement in 2018, I liquidated all of my non-stock investments and wanted to set up a retirement plan that revolved around dividend paying stocks.
I almost placed my money in a Fidelity Managed account with a goal of a 3% dividend return. This managed account had an almost 1% management fee. I started searching for a tool that would allow me to search for dividend paying stocks that were safe and had prospects for growth, that I could manage myself and save on the management fee.
Initially I had anticipated about a 3% dividend return, but your matrix has allowed me to build a portfolio that I feel is safe and at the same time is returning a dividend of about 4.5% Your analysis is thorough and exhaustive. I love being in control and making my own decisions based upon good analysis.
Thanks to your service, I am funding our retirement without having to touch any principal, at a rate that is still allowing me to add to my savings. I used to live and die daily on the ups and downs of the market. Now I just smile, knowing that my dividends keep pouring in no matter what the market does.
- Jeff P.
December 3, 2018
Brian,
Just hit my first annual renewal date and happily "pushed the button". Having retired last year and living exclusively off my dividends, your service is custom-made for my needs. Your research has made it possible for me to retire early and enjoy a low-stress life.
My heartfelt thanks to you and your team.
- Clay S.
October 10, 2018
Hi Brian
Just a short note of introduction and to say thank you for the work that you do. I’ve been an avid follower and subscriber to your site for the past 2 years or so and it has changed my (investing) life. I’m 56 years old, married to my wife of 32 years and our kids are on their own. We are looking forward to an early retirement and are fortunate enough to have amassed a nice nest egg to enable this.
I could write volumes about the benefits I’ve reaped and the control with which I’ve been empowered – I’m sure you hear this from many of your subscribers. Your research and articles are top notch and the tools are not only invaluable, but noticeably improving all the time. I’ve found nothing that comes even close.
I’m not one who usually writes notes like this or even does reviews, but I’ve often thought of your work with gratitude and wanted to let you know. And the greatest compliment I can give you are the many referrals to my friends, relatives and just about anyone who has a shared interest in dividend income investing.
Thank you and keep up the great work!
Best,
- Norm S.
February 16, 2019
Matt/Brian,
Usually we customers only ping you when we need something or have a problem. Not this time. I would like to extend my gratitude and say thank you again for investing in the business and providing your customers with excellent service. The ability to connect to our brokerage agencies is a game changer that allows a one-stop shop approach to account balances and saves us time. Keep up the great work - I tell every person I can about Simply Safe Dividends!
Best wishes,
- Dino F.
December 18, 2018
Brian, I just wanted to let you know your website has been invaluable in managing my retirement portfolio. The recent market decline has clearly proven the value of dividend investing. People are quick to complain but sometimes fail to provide feedback on a great product. I can truthfully say that I have made a significant amount of money, thanks to the data and narratives on your website and for that I thank you. I did a lot of research before subscribing to your service and nothing comes close to the quality and comprehensiveness of your service.
Like everyone I like the market to go up but since I have become a dividend investor I find myself focusing on when/how much the next dividend increase will be for my portfolio.
I have proven to myself that the 4% withdrawal rule makes no sense as I have constructed a portfolio that has a yield on cost of 4% with an average dividend increase of over 8%/year with good safety ratings.
You really have a great product that your recent enhancements have made even better. Furthermore, your customer service is exceptional.
- Ray N.
March 26, 2019
Brian,
First of all, I want to thank you for your response.
I told you in a previous email that I have been a dividend investor for over 50 years. Over the course of the last several years, I have tried and paid for (unfortunately) multiple online so-called dividend websites for appropriate dividend information for investing purposes. Simply Safe Dividends is the first site that actually fulfills my needs as well as shows honesty and integrity.
You and your associates should be complimented.
Keep up the good work.
– Richard S.
December 2, 2018
Hi Brian,
As a potential new retiree in 2019 who is very concerned about dividend safety, this month's newsletter hits the mark. I think it's one of the most important and on-point newsletters you have released! Dividend safety is critical to a retiree and I can sense by reading this newsletter it is an imperative metric in your methodology in evaluating companies. I greatly appreciate this.
Also important to me in selecting an investment newsletter is the tone set by the publisher. I will not hesitate to drop a newsletter if I feel there is a lean to over-marketing with all types of emails, alerts and use of fancy text fonts and colors to market stocks in attempts to snag unwary potential subscribers. Please don't do this.
Right now, for me personally, your newsletter strikes a perfect balance in holdings information, new investment advisement, very limited marketing to build a client base (yes, rely on referrals!) and most importantly, tone of approach and delivery.
Keep up the great work.
- Kevin S.
March 12, 2019
Dear Simply Safe Dividends,
I simply love your program. It helps me easily pick the best dividend stocks and balance the yield, growth and safety to match my needs. I finally feel comfortable with my portfolio knowing that my dividend picks are safe. I can now sleep comfortably at night without worrying about my portfolio.
Thank you so much,
- Michael D.
November 8, 2018
Brian,
After a couple of months of using your updated website, I am your number one fan. I've used it to grade the quality of stocks I own. I've explored all the screens behind the portfolio page, which place an amazing amount of information at my fingertips. I realized I can out estimate my monthly income in retirement as well as work on the diversification of my portfolio. I set up my mothers portfolios in the Play Portfolio section so I can monitor her and give her advice. She needs to sell some stocks to complete her RMD this year, and I was able to advise her on the ones that had the least potential for continuing a safe dividend, or long-term dividend growth.
- Susan K.
March 24, 2019
Brian,
I just wanted to comment on the quality and effectiveness of the Simply Safe Dividends Portfolio Tool. After 33 years and now retired as a stock broker from the financial services industry, this tool is the best I have seen and used.
Thanks for all of your outstanding work and effort you bring in your newsletter and your straight forward stock/company research.
Regards,
- Tom E.
June 13, 2019
Hey Brian and all,
Thanks for the update. I just turned 70 and have used quite a few financial service providers over the years but I have to say that I believe Simply Safe Dividends provides more value than any of the others. Keep up the good work.
- Bill A.
August 23, 2018
Brian,
I am constantly amazed with all the data you have provided me since I've been onboard with you. I feel lucky being an early client. It feels like I get a dividend raise each time you offer new data or services.
Thanks so much and keep doing what you do best.
Best regards,
- Ernie B.