This Strange Rule Is What Makes the Human Brain So Powerful
Run a supercomputer every second of every day, and eventually its storage will fill up, its speed decrease, and its components burn out. Yet our...
Investment in Quantum Computing Is Booming—But Will a Quantum Winter Follow?
Quantum computing is red hot right now, not least after Google's recent announcement that it had achieved quantum supremacy. An analysis by Nature shows...
This Startup Wants to Store Grid Energy by Lifting Concrete Blocks
The energy transition is underway. It’s not just crucial for climate change that we kick our fossil fuel habit—it will soon be more expensive...
This Week’s Awesome Tech Stories From Around the Web (Through October 12)
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE How to Stop Superhuman AI Before It Stops Us Stuart Russell | The New York Times "Once the focus shifts from building machines that are...
New AI Systems Are Here to Personalize Learning
The narratives about automation and its impact on jobs go from urgent to hopeful and everything in between. Regardless where you land, it’s hard...
Event Coverage
How the Most Successful Leaders Will Thrive in an Exponential World
We live in challenging times. Geopolitical turmoil, local and national social unrest, cycles of deadly natural disasters, cyber hacks, rising distrust of media and...
We Can’t Even Comprehend the Massive Data Haul We’ll Soon Get From Sensors
“Hey Google, how’s my health this morning?” “One moment,” says your digital assistant. It takes thirty seconds for the full diagnostic to run, as the system...
Scientists Found New Antibiotic Molecules—Right In the Human Microbiome
The human microbiome is the dark matter of biology: we know it’s there and critically balances health from disease. We can broadly examine microbe...
Tech Spread Misinformation in 70 Countries This Year. How Can We Make 2020 Better?
Following discussions about the societal influence of a technology like the internet feels much like watching a tennis match. One side serves with ‘the...
How Old Is Your Brain? This AI Can Tell You
Delaying “brain age” may sound like the latest quick-fix gimmick on a late-night infomercial, but the science underlying the concept is very real. Rather than...
Russia Could Take the Lead on Human Gene Editing
There's broad consensus that genetically modifying humans isn't a good idea, at least not anytime in the near future. But it seems Russia has...