THE FASTEST WAY TO
EXCHANGE CRYPTO
OUR RATE: 9922.35 USD/BTC
MARKET RATE: 7937.88 USD/BTC
Payment information:
Send exactly:
0 BTC
To:
13hNZfG1vSdNM42FdfSF5BJQGPDr6J9H
Waiting funds...
Payment received.
Blockchain ID:
ASJKDHJASDJKASKJDHKJASJDJASKHDJKSADKJASJ
EXChange information:
0
Send exactly this amount
348 USD
You will get
paypal@email.com
Payment will be send to this account
We provide highest rates
on the market.
We do not keep or share your personal
data with 3rd parties.
Hundreds satisfied
customers.
Here is simple explanation how it's working:
Are you a bitcoin investor, miner or trader? Or you’re just an HODLer, as they call it… Whichever way you came to be a proud owner of some amount in Bitcoin, there still remains an important question that needs to be answered: how do you get exchangeyour Bitcoins – and fast?
Now,you wouldn’t go running to buy Bitcoin without a way to exchange them for cash, would you? Absolutely not; because that would be kind of lame. So, let’s just assume you know (or at least, have an idea)about the various methods of exchanging Bitcoin for cash: cryptoexchanges, bank transfer, peer-to-peer marketplaces (e.g.,LocalBitcoins).
However,there are a lot of factors to think about when ‘cashing out’ Bitcoin, such as:
How long you can wait to receive your fund
Whether you want to go the ‘cheap’ route or you need something easy—like a quick fix
The currency you want to exchange your Bitcoin into
Your preferred method of receiving the exchanged funds
All methods of exchanging Bitcoin mentioned above have both advantages and disadvantages: P2P marketplaces always present a high risk of you getting scammed out of your hard-earned Bitcoin, if you don’t know what you’re doing (orwhat to look out for); transaction fees on third-party exchanges are mostly always significant, especially if you're frequently moving a lot of money between fiat and crypto on these exchanges, and it coul dtake an average of three days for the funds to reach your bank account (if you chose the bank transfer option).
What if you knew of a way to exchange Bitcoin for fiat almost instantly atunbeatable rates and zero risk? Would that change everything? Mostlikely, yeah, right?
Well, good news is there’s a way to exchange your Bitcoin for fiat into your PayPal account: Sipira.
1. Reliability: Our exchanged rate and other information that you need for the transaction are spelled out on our website.Your transactions with us here are safe and secure in a perfect way,and we don’t have any hidden charges. You can always trust our services. Our customers or clients keep coming back because of the seamless services that they enjoy on our website.
2. Best rates: We offer the best rate in the market. You make a profit when you sell your bitcoin to us. We usually add extra 10%-15% to the average market rate to attract customers. We optimize many of our processes to reduce the transactional charges which bring about offering the best rate in the market. You can always trust making more money when exchanging your bitcoin with us.
3. Fast Payment: You get paid instantly as soon as we confirm the payment. You do not have to sweat or worry over your fund.
In conclusion: If you are planning to exchange Bitcoin for PayPal, if the exchange rate, absence of risks of exchange activities and time to complete transactions is important to you, this means our services meet your requirements in detail!
Feel free to contact us any time. We will be glad to help you.
DIDN'T FIND THE ANSWER?
SEND US A MESSAGE
Sipira.com
EMAIL:
support@sipira.com
© 2019 «Exchange service». All rights reserved.
Text