Because it is the easiest, the simplest and the fastest free website builder out there. No need for coding or design skills. No need to even drag and drop anything. Just upload your content and get a designed working cross-platform website, fully adjusted to all devices available on the market.
It’s free! Our product is offered at no cost and includes hosting and the web editor with all its tools. No payment, no trial, no commitment. If you want to connect a custom domain then you will be charged as low as $10.8 per month (annual plan, paid up front). Why wait? Create a website now.
A website that cannot be indexed by search engines is literally useless, therefore we at SITE123 make sure that your website will be fully visible to all search engines, including Google. It is one of our major advantages, and we’re proud to be able to provide you with a professionally made top quality website.
SITE123 provides you a custom sub-domain free of charge. Your domain address can be found easily in your website's dashboard.
With SITE123 free website builder you can enjoy a free subdomain automatically supplied by us. SITE123 also allows you to connect your own domain at as low as $10.8 per month, if you purchase a yearly plan in advance, or $17 when paid on a monthly basis. Simply forward your domain to your SITE123 website and enjoy viewing it on the Web.
There is no limit - you may create a website or multiple websites under one account and manage them all with a single admin username.
The question is more important today than ever before, since it is believed that a site’s storage location directly influences its loading time, which in turn affects a business’s ability to attract and retain traffic to the site. To reduce loading time, SITE123 websites are stored on content distribution network (CDN) servers spread across the globe. A visitor will view your site in the fastest manner, when loaded from the closest possible location. Make a website with great performance.
SITE123 free website builder is designed to suit anyone. You don’t need to have any design skills or purchase any design software whatsoever. Our web builder provides a range of ready-made styles and layouts that allow you to set up a totally professional website in mere minutes. What you need to do is upload your contents and pick the appropriate mockup for each tool from the offered variety. All styles and layouts are easily replaceable at any given moment.
Easy as one-two-three. You don’t have to worry about it, because we have already done that for you. Every SITE123 website is automatically adjusted to smartphones and tablets. Create a website now to make your business look perfect on any device.
Absolutely! Our web wizard features an integrated image bank containing hundreds of quality pictures that can be used with no limitations and help you make your own website look attractive.
Certainly! Our web wizard allows you to manage and update your website once it has been published, at any time and from anywhere in the world.