Power up your team ideas
Sketchboard is an endless online whiteboard for teams.
300,988 users sketching their way to great results.
Now it's your turn.Sign Up - It's Free!
Sketchboard is an endless online whiteboard for teams.
300,988 users sketching their way to great results.
Now it's your turn.Sign Up - It's Free!
|
Rita from Boston
|
Saiki from Helsinki
Sketchboard is an infinite online whiteboard, powered by your team’s ideas. Use diagrams, notes, images and screenshots to brainstorm ideas. Tailored for Software Development. Sketchboard makes online diagramming simple, fun and intuitive.Start doing
Sketchboard revolves around ideas, not looks. We believe an organic feel encourages collaboration and feedback. Choose from over 400 sketch shapes with automated connections and note down your thoughts to bring your vision to life in no time.Tell me more
Work remotely with your teammates at the same time, get immediate feedback and track their movements. Forget the email back and forth and the time-consuming meetings. Get free to work and collaborate from anywhere at any time.Sign up
We don’t want to replace your favorite tools, but we can help you use them better. Sketchboard easily integrates with various tools like Slack. Don't miss out on this chance to work smarter, not harder.Take me there
We don’t want to replace your favorite tools, but we can help you use them better. Sketchboard easily integrates with various tools like Slack. Don't miss out on this chance to work smarter, not harder.
Bring your vision to life.
Check out our Sketcher Gallery for inspiration.
|Featured on
Software development involves very complex and abstract problems. Those needs visualization using e.g. simple boxes, circles and connections. In addition you can use sketch UML or flow charts to draft your thoughts. Everyone understand the idea and works toward common goal using the software design map created together, learn more.
Everything your team members do on Sketchboard is visible in real time. Track your team members’ movements through the online whiteboard as you compose your sketches or diagrams. The comment box doubles as a mini chat, where you can discuss and agree on various points.
All your sketches and diagrams are reusable. You can reorganize them and use them for your team presentations. No need to spend time creating slide decks from scratch. And don’t worry about sharing, your team members will automatically receive the updates.
Use digital notes to write down your scrum retrospectives and assign a different area of the board to each group. Having all your ideas digitized will make it easier to take action and achieve great results.
Screenshot an existing user interface and use freehand drawing to mark all the necessary changes. You can also combine freehand drawing with the existing sketch UX shapes to plan your UX flows from scratch.
Mindmaps transformed into software pieces are a common starting point for software design. Sketchboard helps your team create collaborative mindmaps.
As a tester, screenshot problem areas and mark down those using a freehand drawing on top of the image. The visual element makes it easier for your team to get a clear view. This way your team can avoid the question back and forth, and bugs can get fixed faster.
Sketch your product milestones and collaborate with your team to have everybody committed to those when agreed together.