FRIDAY, OCTOBER 25 | SKINNER BOSTON | 5:30PM-7PM A beautiful Oriental rug has the power to captivate the imagination with its intricate patterns and delicate colors. Join Skinner specialist Lawrence Kearney for a preview and guided gallery walk discussion of the October 27 Fine Oriental Rugs & Carpets auction. The reception will begin at 5:30PM and the walk at 6PM. All are welcome. This event is free and open to the public. Please let us know you will be attending at 508-970-3240 or events@skinnerinc.com, or by registering through the button below. REGISTER TO ATTEND Skinner Boston Gallery63 Park PlazaBoston, MA 02116
Thursday, October 10, 2019 | 5:30PM – 7PM Join Skinner specialists for a unique opportunity to taste and discuss wine from collections in our October online auction (open for bidding October 8-17) at Lower Falls Wine Company. Limited availability, first come, first served! Please RSVP. RSVP HERE Lower Falls Wine Company2366 Washington St.Newton Lower Falls, MA Questions? Contact Us:finewines@skinnerinc.com
First Thursdays are back at International Wine Vault in Framingham, MA! Beginning this year, First Thursdays will be meeting on a quarterly basis, not monthly. With the additional time to plan tasting line ups, we will be asking for an admission cost of $50, which can be contributed as a comparable bottle for the tasting. We ask that you include which bottle you plan to bring when signing up so that we can properly prepare for the tasting, making First Thursdays the truly collaborative, exciting group we have always intended it to be. We look forward to seeing you all throughout the year. Cheers!The Fine Wines and Rare Spirits Team Questions? Contact us:finewines@skinnerinc.com508-970-3246
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 9 | 11AM-3PM | PROVIDENCE, RI Skinner is inviting consignments for upcoming 2019 auctions. Meet with Skinner experts in Providence, RI on October 9 for a complimentary auction evaluation and consignment of your jewelry, fine art, Asian art, modern design, and coins & currency. Appointments required. Please register and a member of our team will contact you directly for an appointment time. High-quality photos are recommended for large or particularly fragile items. To make an appointment, please email info@skinnerinc.com, phone 508-970-3000, or click the button below. REQUEST APPOINTMENT
TUESDAY, OCTOBER 8 | 10AM-3PM | OLD LYME, CT Skinner is inviting consignments for upcoming 2019 auctions. Meet with Skinner experts in Old Lyme, CT on October 8 for a complimentary auction evaluation and consignment of your jewelry, fine art and Asian art. Appointments required. Please register and a member of our team will contact you directly for an appointment time. High-quality photos are recommended for large or particularly fragile items. To make an appointment, please email info@skinnerinc.com, phone 508-970-3000, or click the button below. REQUEST APPOINTMENT
Talk by Collector Shirley M. Mueller, MD | Friday, October 11 Dr. Shirley Mueller will be speaking about her book, Inside the Head of a Collector: Neuropsychological Forces at Play. Join us in the Boston Gallery for the reception starting at 5:30PM, followed by the talk at 6PM. This event is held in conjunction with the October 12 European Furniture & Decorative Arts auction. REGISTER TO ATTEND Shirley M. Mueller, MD is an internationally known collector and scholar of Chinese export porcelain, as well as a physician board-certified in Neurology and Psychiatry. This latter expertise led her to explore her own intentions while collecting art, which, she discovered, are applicable to all collectors. This new understanding is the motivation for this book. Mueller not only lectures and publishes about the neuropsychology of the collector; she also was guest curator for Elegance from the East: New Insights into Old Porcelain at the Indianapolis […]
Skinner’s November 2 and 3 American Furniture and Decorative Arts auction is alive with color, great surfaces, in interesting history. Carefully collected by William McKeever, Pamela and Brian Ehrlich, Tom and Carolyn Porter, Pamela Boynton, and August (Gus) Knapp, the auction offers a rare opportunity to acquire special objects that have seldom been seen before. 1. The Collection of Bill McKeever, Urbana, Ohio The McKeever collection offers a variety of mostly 17th and 18th century New England furniture and related smalls, especially burl bowls. Carefully selected for surface condition, the collection represents a cross-section of early American country antiques. View lots from the collection here. For additional items from this collection see lots 1000-1018 in the Americana online sale. 2. The Pamela and Brian Ehrlich Collection, Mystic, Connecticut, Part I The Ehrlich’s 1777 Mystic, Connecticut home was built by Nathan Stanton, a member of one of the founding families of […]
A bocage, says Wikipedia, can refer to a terrain of mixed woodland and pasture, a small forest or a decorative element of trees and leaves. English and continental porcelain figures of the eighteenth century often had trees and leaves, both as an ornamental and colorful backdrop to figures and importantly as an added stabilizer to support the figures during kiln firing. By the 19th century, the production and firing of English earthenware were far more consistent, and often these trees were added more for their ornamental appeal than necessity. With brightly colored overglazed enamels, figures were manufactured by a wide variety of potters, often listed as “China and Earthenware Toy and Ornamental Manufacturers.” Marked examples include Salt, Walton, Dale and Tittensor, with many, many more unmarked and unidentified. Dating in general spans from circa 1815- 1845 when less complicated and more affordable flatback figures in the Victorian taste became the […]
Talk by Collector Shirley M. Mueller, MD | Friday, October 11 Dr. Shirley Mueller will be speaking about her book, Inside the Head of a Collector: Neuropsychological Forces at Play. Join us in the Boston Gallery for the reception starting at 5:30PM, followed by the talk at 6PM. This event is held in conjunction with the October 12 European Furniture & Decorative Arts auction. REGISTER TO ATTEND Shirley M. Mueller, MD is an internationally known collector and scholar of Chinese export porcelain, as well as a physician board-certified in Neurology and Psychiatry. This latter expertise led her to explore her own intentions while collecting art, which, she discovered, are applicable to all collectors. This new understanding is the motivation for this book. Mueller not only lectures and publishes about the neuropsychology of the collector; she also was guest curator for Elegance from the East: New Insights into Old Porcelain at the Indianapolis […]
Portrait paintings are prevalent in Korea, especially during the Joseon period (1392-1897). Kings, sadaebu intellectuals, loyal vassals, elders and ancestors, monks, and even notable women were portrayed often with representative belongings to characterize the depicted. The Joseon society treated such portraits as persons incarnate; works enshrined in sacred places such as ancestral shrines and temple halls to worship, pay respect, or reminisce. In painting the portraits, a strong emphasis was given to the depiction of faces, particularly to eyes. The facial features were considered critical not only for the physical resemblances of the subjects but also for expressing their immaterial inner qualities, such as sincerity, intelligence, elegance, etc. First defined by Gu Kaizhi (345-406) of China, this concept of jeon-shin-sa-jo (mental resemblance conveyed through pictorial realism) was the ruling canon to the portrait painters of Joseon. To achieve mental realism, all the physical features of the subjects, such as pockmarks from a […]
WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11 | 10AM-3PM | PORTLAND, ME Skinner is inviting consignments for upcoming 2019 auctions. Meet with Skinner experts in Portland, ME on September 11 for a complimentary auction evaluation and consignment of your Jewelry, Fine Art, Fine Silver, European Antiques, American Antiques, and Coins & Currency. Appointments required. Please register and a member of our team will contact you directly for an appointment time. High-quality photos are recommended for large or particularly fragile items. To make an appointment, please email info@skinnerinc.com, phone 508-970-3000, or click the button below. REQUEST APPOINTMENT
The Early Americana Collection of Marilyn & Don Forke | Featured in August Americana The symbol of LOVE, the HEART, became the symbol of Don and Marilyn Forke’s life together and their antiques collection. They loved each other, their children, family, friends, and God! Their love of learning, history, and New England inspired them to design and build an authentic New England home in Nebraska. For over 60 years, their shared passion for antiques allowed them to fill their home with an awe-inspiring collection. They collected everything! Their knowledge grew as they traveled to forums, antique shows, and historical areas. Their zest for life, learning, and collecting enabled them to build their collection as well as develop many lasting friendships with the dealers, historians, and curators who shared their passion. LOVE remained the driving force throughout their life! The heart motif features heavily in their collection, and a keen eye […]