Improve faster – Skoove shows you the right way to play piano and gives you direct performance feedback.
Learn songs, the theory behind them and even proper technique – all blended together in each fun, interactive lesson.
Find personalised help with one-one-one support from our piano instructors.
Use Skoove on your desktop, laptop, iPad or iPhone: it works with all pianos and keyboards.
Learn your favourite songs and even compose your own. Our pioneering method features a growing list of over 300 songs and lessons.
From John Legend, to The Beatles, to Coldplay, to Adele and more.
Renowned pieces from Beethoven, Debussy, and the composers that shaped the piano tradition.
Compose your own melodies and songs, and start jamming immediately – Skoove will show you how!
Accelerate your progress with proper playing technique – you’re in good hands with Skoove.
Join a growing community of players who have already discovered a more musical and creative version of themselves!
"I have had many students who are new to certain concepts in jazz and popular music. Skoove presents these concepts in a clear, practical, and enjoyable way. It serves as a surrogate teacher, guiding my students through their week of practicing and setting us up to move forward quickly during our actual lessons."
"Quality tailored learning (and, if possible, inexpensively) is a learning experience we search for. Skoove handsomely provides this. You’ll find what you need. We are proud to be associated with Skoove."
"I’m really enjoying Skoove! It’s very interactive and I’ve found that the lessons are easy to follow. I also like how it breaks the songs into smaller parts which helps me learn them much faster."
"I liked the fact that music theory is taught in an understandable way. It’s very intuitive and I can see myself achieving literacy with notes in the future - something I’d never imagined being able to do."
"I recently discovered Skoove and am really happy with my progress, learning a few bars to playing 'Lean on Me' in just a couple of days. I didn’t realise how musical I could be ;-)."
"Amazing service, seriously! I was about to hire a home tutor to help me with notation and composition, but this feels quicker and easier."
Start now or Download the app and get instant access to Skoove’s online piano lessons!