Hunting bows have been around for a long time. They used to be made out of wood a few centuries ago, before the industrial age and the invention of firearms. Bow's have come a long way. Let me show you the best ones.
The first step in taking up deep sea fishing as a hobby or otherwise, is feeding your curiosity with the proper information. One can easily gather misleading information on the matter that may cause more confusion in the long run.
Are you looking to buy new hiking or backpacking boots? A footwear manager and backpacker guides you through the boot buying decision making process.
Seems like a good idea. The zip tie should make deployment quicker, but let’s see if it works for me.
A 24-hour pack for Search and Rescue personnel (and anyone else who wants to be prepared for twenty-four hours in the backcountry).
From Giardia and Crypto to Hepatitis A and E. coli, there are some nasty little critters lurking in your drinking water. Be prepared in an emergency too, by having the skills to purify water.
Whether you are looking for a short hike, long adventure, bushwhacking hike, or have no idea where to start...here are some tips to finding and planning your perfect hike.
Now that you've finally achieved your dream of owning a boat, the next crucial step before exploring the ultimate freedom of the seas is to give it a name. Here is a list of over 400 cool and classy names for your spanking new vessel.
Bright Angel Trail, a corridor trail, is one of the most popular trails at the South Rim of the Grand Canyon. Despite Backpacker Magazine declaring it one of America's Most Dangerous Hikes, with water sources, some shade, rest areas, and a park ranger presence, it is the safest trail at the Grand Canyon. It is a frequent route to or from Phantom Ranch. We hiked to 3 Mile Resthouse and back to the South Rim; a 6 mile, 2110 foot adventure.
Pronghorn are the most challenging game animal in North America. Here's what you must know now for you best pronghorn hunt ever.
The 17,371 acres Dolly Sods Wilderness in the Monongahela National Forest is a must-do for any hiking or backpacking enthusiast. You'll love the varying terrain and abundant foliage this forest has to offer.
As a Search & Rescue volunteer myself since 2007, I've put together this page to give you an idea of what "SAR" is all about and how you can get involved with a team in your area.
Storing food is always a smart thing to do. Besides saving you a lot of time and money, you are all set for the near future should a disaster strike. But, which method keeps your food fresh the longest? Let me help with that.
Information about long-distance footpaths around the globe, grouped by continent. Have you hiked any of these trails or routes? Want to?