SlickPic provides easy custom portfolios, galleries, photo-hosting and sharing, since 2010.
“I highly recommend SlickPic. It’s the best photo-sharing site that I’ve experienced. Customer service is the best of any I’ve seen online. Graphics are terrific. The resolution is as good as it gets. I really can’t think of a better photo-sharing site. I plan to be a lifelong customer.”
SlickPic was built specifically for photographers. That means you get a set of pro-grade photography services, settings, and functionality that you won’t find anywhere else. What do we mean? Well...
Most website builders are general purpose, so anyone from plumbers to lawyers can use them. But SlickPic was created specifically for photographers and their portfolios.
Most photo gallery sites are general purpose sites, where your photos compete with millions of others. But SlickPic provides a standalone personal photo gallery that preserves the quality of your work and where photographers and their photos are front and center.
Most file-sharing sites are general purpose drag-and-drop file sharing sites. But SlickPic was designed for the many different ways photographers share their photos with an emphasis on the quality of the images.
We offer everything in an all-in-one package. Store all your photos in one place and use them for everything — your portfolio, event gallery, private photo sharing, private client work.
Everything is optimized for photographers like you and includes hundreds of settings you can customize, so your SlickPic account can grow with you.
Build a professional portfolio quickly and easily. SlickPic’s quick and easy website builder lets you create a beautiful portfolio website in minutes, without any coding. Show off your work with our elegant themes. In just a few minutes, your professional portfolio website is mobile-ready, with all the features and tools you need to grow your photography.
Get a gallery with all the customizations you need. Drag & drop to create new albums for different audiences, like personal, family, or travel photos, and client photo shoots. Choose the privacy for each album from public, private, and unlisted and even password-protect them.
Let your clients easily view, proof, share, and download images.
Share photos exactly how and with whom you want.
Control who can share your shared images and turn off access to your images for specific people. Share disappearing albums to control for exactly how long your album is viewable. Everything you need to share smart.
No need to subscribe to multiple services. Just upload your photos once and choose which of them to use for your portfolio, your gallery, and for public or private sharing.
Photography is my trade, my hobby, my life and my love. I do a lot of commercial work; I photograph important people in business and politics — you'll find a lot of familiar faces in my portfolio. Naturally, I need to present my photos in the best possible way and I need a gallery that preserves the quality that makes my photos shine. Everything I need is here in one place with exceptional customer support. What else could you ask for? If you need a gallery, look no farther.
With all of the options available for posting images online, the choices can be bewildering. I would rate SlickPics at the top of the heap. The reason is 3 fold: The image quality maintained is first rate. The graphic simplicity of how the images are displayed and portrayed is artistically elegantly. The process of uploading and maintaining the albums and galleries is super simple. I find that my photos look great…as good or better than any other online medium I have experienced.
Enjoy an uncluttered gallery experience, with no ads in your albums and collections. Display your photos the way they were meant to be seen, without distracting ads.
Select from the multiple themes and easily customize your website pages by dragging ready to use blocks on the pages. Duplicate and customize pages to make your site unique. Simple and easy, no coding required.
Upload your photos once and present them the way you want in albums. Organize photos from different albums in collections. Easily create photoblogs. All photos are backed up to the cloud.
Have too many albums? Organize them by putting some albums into other albums. For example, organize by year by putting all albums from that year into one album. Or create a “Trips” album and put all your trip photos there - you can even put a sub-album inside another sub-album.
Going to events with friends or have multiple photographers shooting an event? Enable Group Upload on any album and invite people to upload to your album. Limit the number of users or how many photos each user can upload. Generate a QR code to print it as a tabletop card. Your guests can even upload by email.
You want people to remember you, and that starts with having an easy-to-remember web address. Because this is your page, we want you to come first in the address, not us. That's why your personalized link starts with your screen name.
Every premium customer is already enjoying domains personalized with their screen names, but now you can forward your personal domain to your gallery, so your web address could look like this: www.YourPersonalDomain.com.
SlickPic gives you total control of your privacy and offers customizable viewing restrictions, so you can choose exactly what visitors see on the site. Choose Public, Unlisted or Private visibility settings. Password protect albums for even more control.
We provide control of the visibility of your photos even after they've been shared, using features like links to albums timed to expire (disappearing albums) or links limiting the number of viewers.
Hide your Screen Name and the path to your gallery from the page navigation. Viewers will still be able to comment on your photos and send you messages, but they will not see your name.
Right Click Saving enables people to save your photos to their computers without your permission. Disable Right Click Save to protect your images from unwanted downloads.
Select the maximum photo display size regardless of what size has been uploaded to SlickPic. There is also an option to enable photo download and limit the download size.
SlickPic lets you add custom watermarks and image borders to your images online. Unique to SlickPic, the watermarks аnd borders could be applied to albums or individual photos. It works like other settings and can be turned on or off on the fly, immediately taking effect. It is useful when you want to sign your photos or need to protect your copyrights.
Google Analytics statistics help you see and analyze your visitor traffic to paint a complete image of your audience, their likes, and their behavior.
Build your brand, grow your business, and personalize your gallery by replacing the SlickPic logo in your gallery with your personal brand name or logo.
RAW files are not designed to be viewed without conversion to JPEG format, but it’s always a good idea to upload the RAW files of the images you want to preserve. We allow uploading RAW files and even generate JPEG previews for them.
Using a third-party editing and organizational tools? We provide plug-ins for Adobe© Lightroom©, Photo Mechanic©, Windows Gallery. Apps for iPhone and Android.
Although we are a photography site, we allow uploading videos along with your photographs.
While the trash can is available on any desktop computer, having it on a website is quite rare. If you accidentally delete a photograph, you can restore it from the trash can.
To increase your visibility on the search engines, you can optimize your page setting for Search Engine Optimization (SEO).
SlickPic is an all-in-one service for photographers to create beautiful, professional portfolio websites and galleries without any coding.
Made for photographers of all levels and stripes, SlickPic makes it easy to showcase, share, and grow your work online. Learn more