3000+ PowerPoint Templates and Keynote Slides
Download PowerPoint templates and Keynote slides for creating high-quality and stunning presentations in less time.
Find everything you need for your creative projects. Download instantly.
Over 3000+ PowerPoint templates, Keynote Templates, Infographics, Charts, Diagrams, Flow Charts, Business & Marketing Models
Featured Templates
Awesome Key Features
SlideBazaar is your one-stop destination to download professionally designed premium and free PowerPoint templates and Keynote slides that are loaded with powerful and innovative designs to create presentations that easily grasp audience’s attention.
Secure Payment
Hassle-free transactions done by 2checkout and PayPal are protected by an extremely high level of encryption to make sure all your transactions are secure.
Editable Slides
100% editable Slides so that the user can customize the templates according to their convenience.
New Templates Added
Categories are continuously updated so that user can choose templates from a wide variety of options.
Save Hours Of Work
Our predesigned templates will help you save a lot of time in creating presentations.
Instant Access
Get immediate access to our library of templates and download template of your choice.
Premium Support
Any queries are answered with priority via tickets through our help desk to give user a pleasant experience.
It’s Simple and Easy to Use
Our Entire collection of templates are 100% editable which make the slides extremely easy for you to edit. You can select the template from our library add your content, change the icons, colors, shapes if needed and present it. Our slides are compactable with PowerPoint, Keynote, Google Slides.
Here’s what our customers have been saying about us
For us customer satisfaction is the ultimate goal. We always value our customer’s response because that’s what drives us to create templates of high-quality. Take a look at what our clients have to say about SlideBazaar !
Very good templates as always, simplifying the effort to build professional projects significantly.
Thanks a lot
Peter Jeffken
Thanks for all your great templates – they have saved me lots of time and accelerate my presentations. Great product, keep them up!
Stephan
I loved Slidebazaar and definitely gonna recommend it. This tool helped me a lot during the final semester of university. Thanks!
Patrick Arias