By working on mental calculation and algebra, students also develop problem-solving and critical thinking skills. At the same time, maths and reading comprehension is improved.
Children develop at their own pace, building self-confidence, avoiding demotivation, and developing a positive attitude towards maths.
Short, daily sessions at maximum concentration. No commuting or schedules. Access Smartick from your PC or tablet. Anytime, anywhere.
Smartick allows your child to move ahead faster than in school because Smartick does not follow the national curriculum nor the Key Stage system.
In the last 24 hours:
14161
students from
85 countries have completed
799571
exercises
Calculation Skills
Grades in Maths
2016 Award for the Top 15 World's Technology Startups by The Next Web
Financed and supported by the European Union
Endeavor entrepreneurs: Javier Arroyo and Daniel González de Vega
Connects innovative leaders through committed to creating a world more peaceful, prosperous and just.
Smartick in the media
Dr. Barbara Oakley, creator of "Learning How to Learn",
the world’s most popular course on Coursera.
"In 2015, MIT and Smartick formed a strategic partnership to help accelerate the expansion of Smartick into the US market."
"The design of the application offers encouragement and positive reinforcement, helping kids learn to love math"
Success Stories
"Smartick Is Fun and Flexible"
Elise, mother of a Smartick student
“I Discovered Smartick While Looking for Online Afterschool Math”
Alexandra Garlaschi, mother of three Smartick children, IT professional
"Can I Do Math? My Daughter Asks Me First Thing Every Morning."
Cait, homeschooling mom, USA
"Finally! A Solution to the Math Struggle!"
Former children's librarian and educator, homeschool mom
"Tailored Maths Lessons That Your Children Will Love!"
Renée, Mum of 7 year-old girl
"Smartick Can Be Helpful (and Fun!) for Autistic Children and Children with Special Education Needs."
"Smartick Can Be Helpful (and Fun!) for Autistic Children and Children with Special Education Needs."
"Smartick Can Be That One Program That Offers Quality Screen Time for Your Children."
Lynna Sutherland from Homeschool without training wheels
"Modern technology requires people with a knowledge of maths"
Edward Johnson, grand father of a Smartick girl in South Africa
Give your child a brighter future.
World-class maths education, at home!