We’ve helped hundreds of organizations deliver impact and bring focus to their mission by tailoring the SmartSimple platform to automate every unique aspect of their processes.
Our platform offers unparalleled flexibility to track any entity. The secret? Our proprietary Universal Tracking Application (UTA) technology. The UTA empowers your organization to track and report any object or task at unprecedented levels of granularity and detail.
We originally developed our software to solve the challenge of fostering effective collaboration amongst diverse and dispersed communities. Whether you’re a small community foundation or a large multinational corporation coordinating with people in 150+ countries, we’ve helped organizations just like you.
Change is constant and the need to future-proof has never been more important - saving you money, time and most importantly, mitigating risk. Apart from the 240+ technology enhancements we release annually, our platform is flexible enough to adapt to your changing needs, and evolve with your organization.
We are proud to say that the SmartSimple platform was designed, developed and produced by a multicultural team of various beliefs, sexual orientations, and gender identities.
We believe that technology is nothing without the innovation of the human mind. SmartSimple uses Net Promoter Score (NPS), an industry standard metric to gauge customer loyalty. Consistently, we average an NPS of 8.8 out of 10, putting us in the top tier for a software provider in any vertical. We’re also the only technology provider in the market that offers live phone support 24 hours a day, 5 days a week.
“Not only did SmartSimple centralize our processes, they took the time to understand why we wanted to perform tasks a particular way. We now have an incredibly versatile system that will easily grow with us over the years.”
Sydney Yovic
Associate Vice President of Research Operations & Mission
“Having a fully integrated system that joins departments, processes, and programs across global partnerships gives us the ability to do the live, real-time budgeting that is critical to our research granting model.”
Donal Keane, COO
“SmartSimple has actually changed how we operate and has made a positive impact on our entire operation. Before we were restricted in how much we could do because of our manual processes. Now, the sky’s the limit!”
Melodie Sanders, Financial Analyst