How Does a Speeding Ticket Affect Auto Insurance Rates?
Drivers who receive multiple speeding tickets might be lumped into a higher risk group and the perception of being part of this group may affect the cost of your auto insurance.
Select the type of insurance you need and answer a few questions. It only takes 3 minutes.
We’ll sort through 200+ insurance companies and find cheap insurance quotes available in your area. We’ll even check for auto insurance discounts.
Compare insurance quotes, and learn more about each insurance company. Take your time to review the insurance quotes to choose the policy that is right for you.
We’ll continue to analyze the rates in your local area to make sure you don’t overpay for auto insurance. If better insurance quotes become available we’ll alert you.
Ready to compare car insurance quotes? Our Smart Rate estimate takes the guesswork out of the equation. We’ll show you the price range that drivers like yourself are paying in your area.
After you find the car insurance coverage you want, we'll continue to continue to shop cheap insurance rates. If a better option becomes available, we'll alert you.
First, answer some simple questions on your computer or phone. Within minutes, we'll display a list of the best auto insurance quotes in your area so you can compare insurance quotes and discounts for each company.
SmartFinancial is here to answer any of your tough insurance questions.
Drivers who receive multiple speeding tickets might be lumped into a higher risk group and the perception of being part of this group may affect the cost of your auto insurance.
So, let’s say you are driving home and someone cuts you off and you have to slam on the brakes. Your pizza may not make it, but it’s covered. But what about the laptop in your backseat that didn’t fare so well? What if it broke?
High levels of indoor mold can cause asthma, bleeding lungs, difficulty breathing, cancer, central nervous system problems, recurring colds, chronic coughing, coughing up blood, sudden hair loss, headaches, hives, kidney failure, mental dysfunction, memory loss and more.
After you purchase insurance, there is a little card mailed to you by the insurance carrier that shows that you have insurance on your vehicle. This proof of insurance is called an insurance identification card or a binder. You must always carry it when driving.
Car insurance for college students is a steep expense. It’s bad enough that car insurance rates are highest for young people but when you’re already a broke college student, having car insurance seems like a luxury that many forego due to high insurance rates.
Halloween is fun because it’s scary, but there are people who take advantage of the chaos of this holiday to steal from you or do damage to your personal property. It’s also a holiday that is often riddled with accidents, which can be quite expensive if you don’t have the right insurance.
Enter your zip code, answer a few questions, and compare insurance quotes online in less than 3 min.
Compared Ratesa minute ago