Thousands of business owners connect with investors &
advisors on SMERGERS to franchise or sell their business
Selling your business or seeking funds?
Looking to franchise or grow your brand?
Are you an Investor, Buyer, Advisor or Lender?
Why SMERGERS?
45,000+ pre-screened businesses and investors from 130+ industries, 100+ countries, investment size from GBP 10 thousand to 40 million
Every business, investor, buyer and advisor profile on SMERGERS is pre-screened by our analysts
Your privacy is of utmost importance to us. Selectively disclose identity to interested and genuine parties
Compare and benchmark your business with 100s of private companies in your location from the same industry
Connect with businesses, investors, franchises, buyers and financial advisors across the globe
Every business, investor, buyer and advisor profile on SMERGERS is pre-screened by our analysts
Your privacy is of utmost importance to us. Selectively disclose identity to interested and genuine parties
Compare and benchmark your business with 100s of private companies in your location from the same industry
Connect with businesses, investors, franchises, buyers and financial advisors across the globe
Businesses for Sale on SMERGERS
Businesses for Sale on SMERGERS
Explore pre-screened businesses for sale from over 100+ countries and across 900+ different industries.
You can find businesses looking for full sale, raising capital through an investment or seeking business loan. Register as an Investor to buy a business or invest in them.
Investors & Business Buyers on SMERGERS
Get started by introducing yourself to an investor or a business buyer and send them your proposal today. Members on SMERGERS include Individuals, Corporates, Private Equity Firms, VC Firms, Family Offices, and Banks.View All Investors
Brands on SMERGERS
Brands on SMERGERS
Partner with world class brands and grow together. Register as an Investor to get in touch directly with brand owners and take up franchises, distributorships and sales agencies.View All Brands
Financial Advisors on SMERGERS
Join our list of top notch advisors who are experts in their respective domains and locations. Advisors on SMERGERS include Business Brokers, M&A advisors, Investment Banks and Merchant Banks. These advisors are ready to work with a wide spectrum of businesses irrespective of size, caliber and growth stage.View All Advisors
Business Valuation Calculator
At SMERGERS, we define Business Valuation as a technique used to capture the true value of a business based on similar comparable companies. Our comparable data includes publicly trading companies across all stock exchanges in the world and private transactions of thousands of small businesses on SMERGERS, which makes our valuation estimate as precise as it can get. Curious to know the valuation of your business? Try our simple, yet one of the most effective, online valuation calculators out there for free.
Industry Watch
SMERGERS Industry Watch offers a bird’s eye view of traditional and sunrise sectors which includes Finance, IT, Auto, Media, Engineering, Pharma, Food & Beverage, Healthcare, E-commerce, Internet companies and many other industries that are at an inflection point and transforming the global economy. Our infographics are easy to comprehend as we present you with only the most relevant metrics in a clutter free and visually appealing format.
SMERGERS Guide
Our experience in the industry, collaborating and working closely with small business owners & investors across the globe, led us to create SMERGERS Guide for the benefit of small business sellers and buyers. Consider this your go-to resource when buying and selling a small business.
Frequently
Asked
Questions
-
Is SMERGERS an investment bank?
SMERGERS is an investment banking platform which aims to remove all the clutter and make quality introductions between businesses, investors, acquirers, lenders and advisors, extending beyond their geographical location.
-
Is SMERGERS a ‘business for sale’ website?
Yes and no. Yes, because we have sell side profiles of businesses which are seeking a takeover. And no, because we are not a classifieds website, but a private network of members.
-
What is Business Valuation?
Business valuation is process whereby a fair value of a company is arrived at using one or more of the valuation methodologies.
-
Can businesses / investors from any country register on SMERGERS?
SMERGERS is a global platform with businesses and acquirers / investors from across the globe. Businesses and investors from any country or industry can register on SMERGERS. The only pre-requisite is that the business needs to be a registered entity with the Government and should be able to produce proof of the same when required and investors should be working in a company or if self employed must be able to produce proof of business.
-
Should I use SMERGERS instead of an advisor?
You should use SMERGERS to gain qualified leads from large network of investors, buyers, lenders and advisors from across the globe. You may also want to connect with suitable advisors on SMERGERS who can help negotiate and close your deal.