Vaping in Spring
SMOK with you everyday, any moment!
SMOK with you everyday, any moment!
From gettings start kits to ultimate and flavor taste tanks to cloud beast ones, customize your vaping life with SMOK.
Vaping is an attitude. We're meeting here with big stars, SMOK fans and vapors around the world.
Anytime, Anywhere
On September 18, 2019, the signing ceremony of IVPS(Shenzhen IVPS Technology Co., Ltd.)’s strategic investment in Wotofo(Shenzhen Wotofo Technology Co., Ltd.) was successfully held in the exhibition hall of IVPS headquarters. Mr. Ouyang Junwei, CEO of IVPS, and Mr. Zhang Tianfu, CEO of Wotofo, both signed the strategic investment agreement and took a group photo together. Shareholders, executives and employees of the both parties attended and witnessed the great ceremony.
SMOK, the leader in the e-cigarette industry, recently held a new product launch event of the third quarter of 2019 in Beverly Hill, Los Angeles City. The launch event has released two high-end pod system devices, RPM40 and Fetch Mini, and a new box mod device, MAG P3, which is tri-proof (waterproof, dustproof, shockproof).
On August 28, 2019, SMOK's latest anti-counterfeiting action took place in Dongguan. SMOK’s anti-counterfeiting taskforce, together with market supervision authority and the police, seized almost 20000 pieces of bogus products branded “SMOK”, totaling 4.2 million RMB. The case has already been handed over to the law enforcement department of Dongguan Public Security.
On July 19th, 2019, a unique Malaysian fan event & SMOK NOVO 2 new product tasting party were successfully held in Malaysia's e-cigarette physical store SALT & POD MALAYSIA. This SMOK-sponsored event not only attracted numerous enthusiastic vape fans and vape lovers, but also invited several well-known Malaysian Internet celebrities, creating a light-hearted vape world full of music, vapor and SMOK trendy products.
PG and VG are the two main base components of all e-juices. Check out the article and learn more about VG and PG.
What is E-Liquid? There are four main ingredients used in e-liquid production: Propylene Glycol (PG), Vegetable Glycerin (VG), nicotine, and flavor. Learn more about e-liquid!
Most people who are considering switching from cigarettes to vaping look at the different types of devices, e-liquid flavors and nicotine levels, and vape styles. When you’re in this research phase, you’ll probably start hearing about the two methods of vaping: mouth-to-lung (MTL) and direct-to-lung (DTL). MTL and DTL vaping methods are often thrown at new vapers, so we’re going to break them down for you.
One of the most important things for any vaper to know is how to properly prime and install a vape coil. Coils that aren’t properly primed before use create an unpleasant, burnt-tasting vape and could end up frying the entire coil. Learning how to prime your coils properly can help you avoid all this and help your coils live their best life.