Request Info
Blog
EduNxt™
SEARCH
A comprehensive degree for a managerial career. Specialisations offered: Marketing, Finance, HR & Information Systems.
2 Years
The business administration program is recommended for students who seek to build a career in management.
3 Years
Designed in collaboration with industry experts, the program will make IT professionals ready for bigger challenges.
The program gives a strong foundation in the fundamentals of IT, and helps develop strong analyticals skills.
The programme framework offered by SMU- DE, is prepared to offer a comprehensive knowledge to students through subjects offered by its BA Program
The program helps IT professionals stay updated of all developments in the field with a theoretical and practical approach.
For students aspiring to make a career in IT, the program gives an in-depth understanding of IT tools and applications.
Robust Alumni Network
Tech Powered Learning
Personal Academic Advisor
SMU-DE has an alumni network of over 5 lakh graduates from varied industry backgrounds working in renowned organisations.
Students can learn on the go at their convenience through the award-winning learning portal EduNxt™ or through the SMU-DE App.
Right from helping you with assignments to scheduling exams, our personal academic advisors ensure students only have to focus on studies.
Apply Now
Admissions Open
SMUDE - App
Carry your curriculum with you.
Study anywhere, anytime
Blogs
Exclusive analysis on all latest
news and trends
Existing Students
Exam Booking
Re-Registration
Results
FAQs
We answer every query you may
possibly have
SMU-DE is like a support system. The academic advisor calls me periodically to offer advice and check on the progress of my assignments and projects.
Nayana
MBA Student, Senior Analyst, ANZ Bank
SMU-DE’s learning methods are very convenient. Every day, I spend more than 3 hours commuting. The moment I get into the bus, I open the App and start listening to the recorded videos
Radhakrishna
MBA Student, Infosys India
Like me, most of my batch mates also work in top companies across different industries.
Noor Khan
MBA 2012, Team Lead, Amazon India
I was able to apply the concepts learnt during an HR Audit in my organisation. Choosing SMU-DE was one of the right choices of my life.
Aishwarya
MBA Student, HR Professional
SMU-DE is like a support system. The academic advisor calls me periodically to offer advice and check on the progress of my assignments and projects.
SMU-DE’s learning methods are very convenient. Every day, I spend more than 3 hours commuting. The moment I get into the bus, I open the App and start listening to the recorded videos
Like me, most of my batch mates also work in top companies across different industries.
I was able to apply the concepts learnt during an HR Audit in my organisation. Choosing SMU-DE was one of the right choices of my life.
Directorate of Distance Education
Sikkim Manipal University, SMIT Campus,
Majitar, Rangpo,
East Sikkim, India,
737136
© 2019 Sikkim Manipal University Distance Education, All rights reserved.
T & C
|
Contact Us
|
Disclaimer
|
Privacy Policy
|
Blog
|
About SMU
|
EduNxt™
|