The new Nat Geo Wild program features an exotic pet vet in Deerfield Beach who regularly derides exotic pet owners while collecting checks from them. Florida exotic pet owners, find a new vet.
There are many effective ways in which school students can raise funds for charities and help local and global communities. This article contains a list of ideas.
GOP outreach to African Americans will be ineffective until the party stops doing the things that push them away.
Andrew Johnson was sworn in as president of the United States after the assassination of Abraham Lincoln. Johnson quickly made many enemies in Congress and became the first president to face an impeachment trial in the Senate.
Arguments for keeping the Columbus Day Holiday and honoring America's pre-Columbian inhabitants and their contributions to our country with their own separate holiday.
Every time he speaks, Donald Trump shows how horribly unqualified he is to be President of the United States.
Donald Trump may very well be the worst president in American history. Here is a convenient list of important facts about Trump's presidency that you may have forgotten.
In this article, I go through what I believe to be the winners and losers of the October 2019 Democratic Debate. With 12 candidates taking the stage, this was a record-setting debate.
Trump once said he truly believed Putin that Russia did not invade the Ukraine, blaming it on Obama. Well, we know Trump is just despicable as a person and POTUS, but since 2014, there is solid evidence that Trump is also gullible about many things. Ukraine is one.
Here are some tips on how to prepare for your Change of Status interview or green card final interview based on my own experience.
Without change, our dependence on petroleum and coal for power could someday lead to society's demise. But why wait for the inevitable when we can enact change now? With a multitude of viable energy sources at our finger tips, we are on the brink of a paradigm shift. Here are nine sources of renewable energy that could potentially change how we power our future.
I'm tired of hearing about balanced budgets. If the government can't bring their debt load to zero, how is it that Canadians can bring their own individual debts to a zero balance?
Support homosexuality or leave! Those were the choices Christian counseling student Julea Ward faced when her faculty demanded she approve same-sex relationships when counseling homosexuals.
Chocolate bars have a dark, often untold story of human trafficking and child slavery. Cocoa plantations on the Ivory Coast use unpaid child labor to harvest the cocoa beans, often employing tactics such as physical abuse by overseers on plantations in West Africa.
Democrats are placing themselves at a huge disadvantage in much of America due to their stance on gun control. Americans today value the Second Amendment as much as ever.
A student crashes her car in the snow, then vanishes without a trace. Maura Murray was a 21-year-old nursing student at the time of her disappearance.