Sophisticated Analytics
Drive strategic decision-making across the business with meaningful insights from social data and analytics.
With Social Report you can track the performance of everything from your Facebook pages and Twitter profiles, to business reviews, website site performance and blogs. You can quickly and easily organize your data by customers or business. Track your own social profiles as well as profiles of others (great for competitor analysis).Learn More
Analyze
Access all of your social data in one place. Quickly and easily engage with your audience. Social Report™ dashboard is full of useful reports covering every aspect of your social profiles. Enable notifications and receive detailed daily and weekly reports. Download and export all available data and reporting any time.
Compare
Compare network performance and understand the impact of your social media on your business. Go beyond looking at insights on a single social profile. See them side-by-side. Find correlations between your social and business activities. Identify reviews. Search and track keywords!
Execute
Social Report™ is an all-in-one tool. We have it all - from reports and publishing to social keyword searching and engagement. No need to log into every social network account you own. Social media managers will enjoy ability to securely manage client credentials and produce customized reports.
Social Media Posting
Advanced tools for social media posting, scheduling and real-time communication across networks and devices.
Easily schedule and post on as many social networks as you wish. Social Report scheduler brings together advanced social media publishing tools and intuitive workflows so you can efficiently plan, schedule and post messages across networks from a single platform.Learn More
Social Media Monitoring
Leverage your social data with our unique social media listening tools.
Social Report's comprehensive social listening tools empower marketers to execute brand monitoring and analyze social data for marketing insights. Gather introspective, contextual insights to topics, hashtags and influencers relative to your mentions to find new and incremental marketing opportunities.Learn More
Smart Social Inbox
Never miss a message or interaction that matters to your business.
With Social Report's Smart Inbox, you'll save hours out of the week by having all of your social messages across all of your social media profiles gathered into one, beautifully-organized stream. Once you dive into the stream, you'll be able to engage, join conversations, respond directly to customers and more--all in an incredibly time-efficient and effective manner.Learn More
Unlimited Presentation-Ready Reports
Reports are designed to make social media analytics data easily digestible and ready to present.
Build reports specific to your business needs using Social Report's data, analytics and presentation-ready report templates, and then automate the delivery of those reports to your team and customers. You can also white-label your reports with your own company logos--great for agencies managing multiple accounts and sharing reports with upper management.Learn More
Manage Teams and Customers
Delegate work and give others access to your projects.
Add unlimited team members to your projects and set customized access levels. Convenient sorting by brand, location or however you wish to separate profiles.Learn More
Solution-focused in-app customer support
Social Report is proud to offer game-changing customer support.
Chat with our support staff any time you have a question. Enjoy our lightning-fast response system and hands-on training.Sign Up Now