Meet Socrative
Your classroom app for fun, effective engagement and on-the-fly assessments.
Quiz and Grade at the Speed of Learning
Immediate feedback is a vital part of the learning process. Socrative gives you just that for the classroom or office – an efficient way to monitor and evaluate learning that saves time for educators while delivering fun and engaging interactions for learners.
Activities
Engage your students as learning happens with your choice of activity type. Launch a quiz, receive exit tickets, or ask a quick question for instant student feedback.
Assess your students with personalized content prepared ahead of time. Select from quizzes you’ve used in the past, or quickly create a new one.
Assess or poll your students on the fly with multiple choice, true/false, and short-answer questions. Or ask students to submit an out-the-door exit ticket.
See how many students are logged into your virtual room with up to 50 students per activity. Socrative PRO rooms hold 150 students.
Quizzes
Design and edit your own library of assessments specifically for your students. Save them to your Socrative account to use at a moment’s notice.
K-12 users can tag quizzes with Common Core or state standards to monitor progress and alignment.
Quickly find, copy, or download any quiz from a full A-Z list of all activities in your Socrative account.
Share quizzes within your personalized learning network via unique codes. Or exchange assessments with the millions of Socrative users around the world.
Reporting
Review student understanding at the class, individual student, or question-level. And, because each Socrative report is saved to your account, you can quickly download, email, or transfer reports to Google Drive anytime.
Find the information you need with advanced searching and sorting features. Search by activity, student, or date.
*Socrative PRO Only
Download student and question-level PDFs to share results with students or colleagues.
Rooms
Launch activities in easy-to-create virtual rooms to instantly engage your students, whether they’re in class or learning remotely. Share the unique code to ask students to join your room.
Easily manage and restrict access to your classroom with rostered rooms. Import rosters via CSV or Excel—or create rosters manually.
*Socrative PRO Only
Run up to ten quizzes, polls, exit tickets, or Space Races at the same time to better facilitate multiple classes, remote and blended learning, or differentiated instruction.
*Socrative PRO Only
Space Race
Encourage friendly competition among students with an intergalactic quiz bowl. Turn any gradable assessment into a crowd-pleasing activity as individuals or groups race across the screen with correct answers. Celebrations guaranteed.
Turn any gradable assessment into a crowd-pleasing activity as individuals or groups race across the screen with correct answers.
Set the timer to have your Space Race end automatically, so you can more easily interact with your class during the activity.
*Socrative PRO Only
Results
Visualize student understanding in the moment as student results populate your screen in real time. Use the instant feedback to determine next steps in your instruction.
View student and class-level performance as answers are submitted. Responses are automatically graded for you and clearly displayed.
Click on the question number or class total percentage for a detailed question-by-question view. Use this as a basis for class discussion or to group students for future instruction.
Student Experience
Students instantly submit answers and feedback directly to the instructor in a clean, intuitive interface.
Students are required to enter their student ID number only once into rostered rooms for immediate and future access.
*Socrative PRO Only
Student names are displayed in the personalized headers.
*Socrative PRO Only
Get Instant Feedback
Quickly assess student understanding with prepared activities or on-the-fly questions, then adjust your teaching based on the results.
Create Personalized Activities
From quizzes to polls, create whatever type of activity suits your needs. Shuffle questions, run your activity anonymously, provide instant feedback…it’s up to you!
More Time for Teaching
Socrative quizzes are easy to create and download. Create your own and use them as many times as you need. Since they are graded automatically in real time, you’ll spend less time grading assignments and more time catering to the needs of your group.
Available on all Platforms
Socrative apps are available for download on all major digital devices and platforms. You can use Socrative on smartphones, tablets, laptops, and computers.
Free for Students
Socrative is 100% free for students to use, on all devices.