HEALTHIEST EMPLOYERS®
PROGRAM MANAGER,
SPRINGBUK
MARKETING MANAGER,
BAKER ELECTRIC SOLAR
SoGoSurvey is a feature-rich modern online survey tools that is pleasant to use and is a good value. Its reporting function is a notch above many competitors.
Capterra overall rating
Whether your team of professionals knows how to create a survey or you need to train key members on the tools, we have you covered. From migration to integration to training to remote access, your dedicated Account Manager is backed at all times by our team of designers, engineers, and survey software experts. Both our client service and our survey platform are tailored to address your unique needs - no one-size-fits-all surveys, no cookie-cutter responses.
You have access to a wide range of teaching and training options, from one-on-one onboarding to design lessons from our experts to in-the-moment, self-service tutorials and videos during online survey creation. As we explore what features and process will best serve your efforts and meet your goals, we're focused on helping you create a survey that will identify meaningful enhancements to help strengthen and grow your organization.
Incorporate your brand identity and assets from the invitation to the mobile and online survey to your follow-up communications.
Responses are tracked and analyzed in real time, giving you up-to the minute access to data.
Use your organizational data and focused insights to target the areas ripe for improvement.
to all Features at All Times.
with premier application partners; including Salesforce, Slack, Zapier and more.
Dedicated account management, no outsourcing.
24/7/365 support worldwide.
Your data is protected by the most secure survey distribution and management system available.
Use built-in CMS tools to capture and track information and engage participants.
Every survey looks polished and professional using our built-in templates.
Real-time reporting and data analysis begins the moment you hit 'send'.
We support organizations of all sizes in any industry, customizing our services to fit your needs.