So iLL x On The Roam
The Jason Momoa designed collaboration is now available for preorder, but only for a limited time.PREORDER NOW
TWO NEW STANDARDS
The Free Range Pro sets an all new/higher standard for climbing shoes, while The Setter takes your everyday shoe and turns it on its head.
TOMS + So iLL
A very special collaboration was born when TOMS shared our vision to introduce 100,000 kids to climbing through our non-profit "1Climb."LEARN MORE
Made in the u.s.a.
Our climbing shoes are made in the U.S.A. and feature Dark Matter Rubber, the highest performance climbing rubber on the market.
Free shipping and size exchange on select models
What Others Are Saying...from 1117 reviews
I have climbed in my SoIll Streets for about a year now and I love them. I use them mainly when climbing outdoors, but have used them in the gym occasionally as well. They perform exceptionally in either setting. Super sticky rubber, great for...
This pair of shoes is mythical in a sense. It’s a ridiculously comfortable shoe but still maintains a high level of performance. The rubber is sticky to the point that I confuse the wall for toe chips. I was worried about the durability since it’s such a...
I originally bought these shoes since a majority of the bouldering I do has a slight to moderate overhang or I’m bouldering on a 60° wall. The shoes thrive in the overhang environment but I also find myself using them as an all-around...
I originally bought the denim for climbing. But, they quickly be came my go to pants for everything. The attributes that make them ideal for climbing also make them ideal for other activities such as bike riding. Moreover, the jeans are light...
These pants are AMAZING. While they're stretchy, they still feel and look like pure denim, which is rare. These are great for being active and climbing, but also very comfortable on a plane or for a long road trip. I'm also very impressed with...
Got these shoes for my wife. She says they're super comfy. When you walk through the gym with them you see everyone doing double takes to look at the shoes because they're so boldly colorful.
I love the Active Jeans! I got them in red. They are true to size.
I absolutely love these jeans! They are super cute, and super comfortable! Can wear them climbing, hiking, or just being out and about. I ordered a size down, and they are perfect!! Keep making these please!!!!
These are very flattering while still allowing movement and mobility. I will be purchasing more!
Just got my Street LVs and took them to the gym a few times and once outdoors. They perform beautifully and just look f**king great! The uppers are very soft and supple and the rubber is extremely sticky both indoors and out. I...
The best thing from So ill so far! I've been obsessed with the Tokyo Streets for a couple years and decided I needed a more durable shoe. The rubber on these is thicc.
Good for gym, bouldering, and multipitch rope. I...
I just bought a new pair of Tokyo Streets, and I'm super sad they're discontinued! I'd used the last pair of Tokyos to win a charity climbing competition and hadn't had them resoled until it was too late. I won the competition, climbing...
These are great! At first they were a bit slick but after a few uses they became bomber. They have some fun little bumps to get your fingers on and are overall a great hold.
It has good fitting and the dark matter seems good. Hope my husband likes it.
These were my first downturned pair of climbing shoes after wearing out my Lasportiva Turantulaces. I was initially attracted to the color and price, but these shoes climb really well. As a newish climber, I followed the sizing guide and...
I've been climbing for just about a year now and this is the first aggressive pair shoes I've had! They're absolutely perfect for me getting into more intermediate climbing and toe/heel hooking all the time. They definitely fit true to size but...
I’ve been supporting soiLL since I started to climb. Getting the free range pro’s on my feet has tremendously helped me improve my craft. With the dark matter rubber it helps you grip against the wall with pure confidence. They sucked to my...
Ive only wore these 3 times so far. once in the gym and two times outdoors. I went half a size down from my New Zeros and the fit is perfect. the split sole design makes it easier to put on and off even though its half a size smaller. I'm still getting use...
Comfortable. Sticky rubber. Good toe cap for toe hooks. Cups the heel well for heel hooks. Obviously better for incline and overhangs than vertical.
Pretty new to climbing but I've always been an advocate of newer, smaller companies. Came across So iLL holds from Jason Momoa. Loved the color an snagged a pair of these. As someone who is newer to climbing, and having only used...
These shoes are super sticky! I have never felt more confident in my footing- I have been able to complete some of the more challenging climbs at my local gym thanks to these beauties. The shape of the shoe is perfect too- I was worried about...
These FACTORY BLEM SHOES - STREET LV were definitely the way to go. I looked at several different styles of shoes and searched for a discount because climbing shoes are never cheap, but luckily I found the factory blemish version at...
Aggressive, yet comfortable... These shoes can really make a difference, and will give you the edge you need to send that next level project you've been working on forever!
Tokyo Streets are my go to shoe! I purchased these shoes Aug 1 and it's not Oct 3rd so it's been around a month of climbing and I climbing 3-4 times a week. These shoes-have gone through the ringer. I must say that the sizing is spot on I wear a 9.5...
As of right now I bought the tokyo streets on August 1st! It's been around a month and two days since I've been using them and I must say these shoes are great. They've held up tremendously well and I have seen an improvement in my...
I’ve had this for a couple of weeks now and it’s really great. It’s stayed the same resistance and it’s really small so it fits in your pocket. Very durable and good material.
Baby Supreme was built to delight - with both visual and tactile wonder. The sloper forehead is super appropriate for all skill levels (changing in difficulty based on the angle of the wall) and the hold design makes *most* people want to climb...
These are the aggressive shoes you're looking for. At first the heel kinda hurts but after about two days of climbing it's gone and all you think about is your climbing.
Love this bag, I can now keep my shoes outside my backpack and let them breathe :)
These were a great buy. In credibly comfortable and the rock climbing rubber on the bottom of the shoe provides so much traction. Definitely a top fav sneaker.
I was looking for a more aggressive shoe, as im reaching the v5 level. the lv's were the perfect choice! they fit me so snug and perfect and i absolutely LOVE climbing in them. the rubber is also very sticky!
Looks amazing, sticks well, super snug. Notes of glue on the stitching but that's to be expected with a blem, besides that you can't even tell! This shoe is definitely a winner!
I wear these to work and to the gym and I love them. They’re stretchy enough to climb in and I haven’t torn a hole in them yet despite consistent wear, so I’m pretty confident in saying they’re durable.
I own a fair number of the SoiLL shoes and these shoes are in my top two (the first being the Street LV). Fit/comfort is great, rubber is sticky — overall shoes perform really well. Very happy with my purchase.