SDG 7
AFFORDABLE AND CLEAN ENERGY
Floating Solar Farm to reduce land-use impact of power generation
The Solar Impulse Efficient Solution Label
A label focused on both environment and profitability
To take the success of the solar-powered flight around the world further, the Solar Impulse Foundation is selecting 1000 solutions that protect the environment in a profitable way and awarding them the Solar Impulse Efficient Solution Label.
The Solar Impulse Efficient Solution label seeks to bridge the gap between ecology and economy, bringing together protection of the environment and financial viability to show that these solutions are not expensive fixes to problems, but rather opportunities for clean economic growth.
News — October 10, 2019
4 Solar Impulse Efficient Solutions to recycle plastics and reduce pollution
News — September 27, 2019
LVMH and the Solar Impulse Foundation to find solutions for sustainable luxury
When I was flying around the world in my solar airplane, I remember looking at the sun that was giving energy to my four electric motors and their huge propellers. There was no noise, no pollution, no fuel... and I could fly forever. At a certain moment I thought ‘this is science fiction, I’m in the future.’ And then I realized, ‘no, it’s wrong, I’m in the present; this is what the technologies of today already allow me to do. It’s the rest of the world that is in the past, with old and inefficient devices’.”
THE WORLD ALLIANCE...
The World Alliance brings together the main actors in the field of clean technologies in order to create synergies that will ultimately speed-up the implementation of clean and profitable solutions which have the potential to address the environmental challenges of today.
...FOR EFFICIENT SOLUTIONS
Efficient Solutions are not limited to the production of renewable energy. They encompass products, services, clean technologies and processes that are profitable and sustain economic growth, while protecting the environment and optimising the use of natural resources.
Partners Supporting the Solar Impulse Foundation
Thanks to the continued support of its partners, the Solar Impulse Foundation can fund the World Alliance for Efficient Solutions and offer all services to its Members entirely free of charge.