|
LOCAL EVENT: Motown at the Legion
|
Saturday, October 26
7:30 - 11:00pm
American Legion Post 206
Chesapeake Beach
What's your favorite tune? The Sons of the American Legion Stallings-Williams Post 206 will host a night with music by DJ Stephen Varney beginning at 7:30 p.m. until midnight. The cost of $10 includes draft beer and sodas. Tickets available at the door. Public warmly welcomed. For information call 410-257-9878 www.MD-Post206.org.
Visit our Community Calendar and find out what's happening this week!
Become a Southern Maryland Online Sponsor
|Advertise your business or service on the #1 community information website for southern Maryland. By becoming a sponsor, you direct more attention to your business AND you benefit your community by supporting this project. We have internet advertising packages to suit any budget, starting at $400 per year. You will not find more cost-effective, local advertising anywhere!
Click Here To See Pricing
Come Hang Out With Us In The Forums!
|Speak your mind on whatever topic you're interested in - we guarantee someone else is interested as well! Vent your spleen about politics, share a recipe, ask a question about the community, promote your non-profit event, gripe, celebrate, and everything in between - there's a topic for everyone!
Come play with us! You know you want to.....
Stop Breaking the Law!!!
|SoMD police news and Crime Solvers cases, updated daily! Includes a link for up to the minute tweets from law enforcement. Find out who did what when and then discuss it in the forums.
Spend the Day in Leonardtown!
|Leonardtown has been described in many ways; small town charm, quaint, tranquil with historic roots. One of the best surprises is the hidden upscale draws. More than once described as a cross between Mayberry and Annapolis! With over 300 years of history there are plenty of historical sites to visit. But there is plenty more to do from outdoor life to shopping and dining. The downtown square, one of the few remaining intact in Maryland today, is a beautiful gathering place for residents and visitors. Whether it is for one of the numerous public events held annually there or just a quiet stroll along the brick paved sidewalks.