|
Begging Counter
|
Article of the Now
Chris-Chan: A Comprehensive History is a webseries created by producer and musician Geno Samuel, which began in February 2018. It is essentially a documentary about Chris's life, similar to Sachumo's. However, while Sachumo's film is an abridged summary of Chris's life for newcomers, Geno's videos go into greater detail, each video being around 30 to 40 minutes long. The series is in chronological order, taking several videos just to cover Chris's life before his internet fame, and Geno has said that he plans to step through the densely packed events of 2009–10 in increments of a few months. The series is still ongoing, and Geno predicts that it will be around 50 episodes long by the time he reaches the present day. Geno plans to continue the series incrementally until ultimately it reaches an end. Chris is aware of the series, and has commented on it several times over Twitter and YouTube.
(More...)
This Day in Christory
Today in Christory, in 2009, Ian described himself in ludicrously positive terms in order to win over Kacey.
(more...)
Did You Know...
|
|
|
Quote of the Now
|“
|to Everyone: Be GLAD I am actually making towards availability “canon” Sonichu Merchandise by mine, and Magi-Chan’s, Efforts and Work. The Books Will Continue, Obviously. BUT Enjoy what will be something More Awesome to Play with your friends.
Shut Up, Haters. ⚡️💙⚡️
|”
|Chris demonstrating his customer service skills
Da Update
Ongoing: October 2019 (social media) • Ben Saint • Jacob Sockness • Dimensional Merge • Twilight Sparkle's Secret Shipfic Folder
- 20 October - In a YouTube comment on Part 24 of Chris-Chan: A Comprehensive History, Chris revises his past, claiming he had known all along that Alec Benson Leary was a troll.
- 16 October - Sockness regains Chris's favour, returns to his post as his exchequer and declares that he will try again to visit him about Halloween.
- 15 October - While responding to Ben Saint, Chris indicates his support for 2020 United States presidential candidate Andrew Yang.
- 12 October - My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic airs its final episode. Meanwhile Chris berates his financial supporters on Twitter, justifying that his trading cards are an adequate alternative to the comic he is paid to create.
- 6 October - In preparation for BABSCon, Chris enlists Aly Hirschberg's help to request £5,000 from his TRUE and LOYAL fanbase.
- 3 October - Displeased by how Ben Saint depicted Night Star in his webcomic, Chris releases his own amended version and demands $300 from him for 'using our name and individuals for the greedy gains accrued'.
- 28 September - On Twitter, Chris states his wish to attend BABSCon, a brony convention in California scheduled for April 2020, and bids his followers finance his trip.
Due to time and space constraints, only major updates are listed. For all current updates, visit the Chris section of the Kiwi Farms forum.
Barb is not dead; we last heard from her
21 days ago.
CWCki News
|