Analyze social media like a pro
Sotrender is an all-in-one social media analytics platform.
Generate reports Get data insights Benchmark competitors
and start optimizing within minutes.
Trusted by 429 agencies & brands
Sotrender makes it easy to prove
social ROI and outperform the competition
Analytics
Optimize social content and measure impact
Discover insights within your social data that go far beyond the metrics provided on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and YouTube Insights. All-in-one dashboards show how conversations take place, which content performs best and how your audience engages with it.Start using analytics
Reporting
Simplify reporting and transparency
Save time by extracting the essence of your social performance, justifying your strategies to your team, managers or clients in one click. Schedule, customize and easily run standard reports, or Sotrender can create tailor-made reports to fit your needs.Generate your first report
Benchmarking
Track competitor performance and activity
Competitor analysis tracks your competition, so you can benchmark your social media performance against theirs. Conduct a variety of analyses and comparisons, charting content, audience, growth rates, keywords and much more.Benchmark your competitors
Tips
Make smarter, data-driven decisions
Sotrender suggests ways to improve your social media strategy with personalized tips. Identify your strengths and weaknesses, then take action and see how your decisions impacted categories like customer service, engagement, audience and reach.Discover tips for your brands
Choose the best plan for your business or team
Start your free 14 day trial. No credit card required.
-
Most popularBronze2 brands£ 40per month
-
Most popularSilver5 brands£ 90per month
-
Most popularGold10 brands£ 160per month
-
Most popularPlatinium20 brands£ 300per month
All prices do not include VAT if applicable.
For each brand you can add one Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and YouTube profile.
All packages include:
Analytics for Facebook, Instagram Business, Twitter & YouTube
Instagram Stories analytics and monitoring
Access to historical data (90 days for Facebook pages; more data on demand)
Customizable, automatic reports in PPTX, XLS, PDF delivered to your inbox
Unlimited number of users
Competition tracking and benchmarking with comparison groups
24 countries
4.7 out of 5 stars
posts analyzed
Discover your hidden social insights within minutes of signing upGet started
Free 14-day trial - No credit card