Make more money
See what a 15-inspector company has to say after switching to Spectora.
Joey Donofrio
Hear how a new inspector jumpstarted his business by using Spectora.
Hear why this inspector chose Spectora after comparing all the alternatives:
Web-based and mobile-friendly, our interactive home inspection reports emphasize what's important with a clean layout, high-def photos, embedded video, easy navigation, automated summaries and agent tools like our Repair Request Builder. Visual, concise, and intuitive, Spectora delivers the modern experience today's market demands. Deliver reports that clients and agents love.
I started using Dillon at 5280 Property Inspections as my go-to inspector after he showed me his Spectora inspection reports. Dillon's reports make it quick and easy to get the Repair Request in order so I can move on to other action items that come up throughout the day.
Cutting-edge technology and intuitive design make Spectora the fastest and easiest-to-use software on the market. We built our home inspector software from the ground up to help you complete home inspections faster. Easy navigation, in-report template updating, and a focus on on-site report writing help save you time every day.
Hear how a 15-year industry veteran is saving time with Spectora:
Our software automates every repeat task in your business, includes online scheduling, inspection reminders, online payment and agreement acceptance. We even lock the report until you're paid and the contract is signed so you'll never have to hound clients again. Our automated follow-ups help you gather reviews and stay top-of-mind with agents long after every inspection.
Show the modern homebuying market you're tech-savvy and professional while saving yourself hours every day.
Learn how a brand new home inspector did 400 inspections in his first year with Spectora.
Finally, everything you need in one place. Create modern reports, schedule online, and automate your back-office with our all-in-one home inspector software. Our intuitive interface is the easiest to learn in the industry so you can get started quickly.
We can also be your on-call tech team, offering modern websites, SEO services, content writing, managed ad campaigns, and custom marketing videos. We only work with home inspectors, so you know it will be the best on the industry. You focus on inspecting - we'll handle the rest.
Hear from a multi-inspector company owner who found everything he needs:
See what a 15-inspector company has to say after switching to Spectora.
Hear how a new inspector jumpstarted his business by using Spectora.
I love the program. It's the only system that made me feel comfortable switching. 2 thumbs up.
No reporting software has ever produced something comparable to my custom Reports - until SPECTORA! The "what-you-see-is-what-you-get" concept makes it super user-friendly which means the learning curve is very low compared to the other "competitive" software out there.
The software also incorporates lots of top-notch abilities such as drag-and-drop sections, comments, etc., in-app image editing, video embedding and last but not least, the ability to Report on-site using your mobile device WITHOUT using data, you just upload to the cloud using Wifi or data whenever you're finished.
I can't express enough how impressed I am with the boys over at Spectora, their customer service and response to our requests for new features and customisation happens lightning fast and their commitment to producing a game-changing software in less than 12 months has allowed them to enter a market dominated by VERY outdated programs and literally knock all the other BIG players out of the game.
Spectora is THE next generation of Home Inspection Reporting software!
This software has allowed me to significantly increase my volume of inspections, while at the same time the quality of my Reports hasn't suffered at all, in fact in some ways they have improved compared to my custom reports that I have been using for the past 6 years.
My clients and Realtors alike are all enjoying the new Reports and have nothing but great things to say about how they are VERY easy to read, yet they have an abundance of valuable information which has helped them make smart decisions when looking to purchase the property they had us inspect.
Reporting is very clean. All my Clients and Agents love it the format! I love the online scheduler, email contract, digitally signed and returned. The desktop is just easy to use.
Absolutely the best in home inspection software. I think I've reduced my reporting time by 1 hour and I put out a better looking report. The support is the best in the industry. After using several of the other softwares I've found the one I want to stick with. AND it has back office support!
"Spectora offers tools and visual guides that help any buyer, even a first-time homebuyer, understand their inspection report more fully. I haven’t seen anything like it before, and I hope to see it on every transaction in the future! It’s simply easier to use, more informative and more comprehensive than its competition."
"This home inspection report shows me exactly what I need - no more overwhelming walls of text. The auto-generated Repair Request Document helps me do my job faster and the report itself is easy to understand. Every inspector should use this."
"I think the reports are great. I love how easy it is to differentiate the issues called out in each category. Very easy for me and my clients to understand the major issues from the incidentals."
"I think the greatest part of your reporting system is how user-friendly the system is. I have worked with several other home inspectors and none of them are as well presented as the system you provide. Thanks for making this so easy to follow and understand for our clients."