The Best Online Exam SoftwareCreate & Deliver Exams Easily.
Plenty of test takers Smooth concurrent exams An enormous number of candidates are catered smoothly providing concurrent exams, a delight to both test takers and the managers. Our online exam system built for a large number of simultaneous test sessions. Read More
Test maker software Practice made perfect Test Maker Software efficiently assists self-study. Learners can select tutor or test mode. The questions can choose as per, unused, incorrect or flagged. The best test prep tool for critical examinations like medical, nursing, aviation and many more. Read More Watch Video
Advanced theme builder Make it yours Advanced theme builder for your administrator and candidate sites. Customize the look and feel of both the sites as your company branding. Design the test interface precisely same as medical, nursing, legal and banking exam systems. Read More
Integrated email and SMS Tell your candidates in time Continuous and interactive communication help you provide effective testing. Send a personalized email and SMS for exam sign-in details, instructions, test results, certificates, reports, files and notifications in just no time. Read More
Advance question types with a strong performance The question can present to candidates in multiple ways such as Scenario-Based, Drag and Match, Video and Audio items. All exams graded with the detailed and accurate performance report with exact details such as time taken for each item. Read More
Fits in all gadgets in the pockets 100% Responsive SpeedExam goes well with all the mobile and tablet devices. Create and deliver exams in less than a minute. Our candidate site is optimized for the mobile version and provides the faster than app testing experience. Read More
Features Backing Your Exam Portal. Create And Sell Unique Exams.
Exam & Data Security Get an email and app notifications when someone tries to copy paste, print screen or multiple login attempts. Export Data Backup most essential data and reports in Excel files. Export questions, test results and performance reports. Upload from Excel Upload question bank in large size using Excel file in one go. The best and easy offline authoring tool for exams. Certificate Maker Create classy and professional certificates. Customize it with your logo, text and templates with company branding. Instructor Accounts Create sub-admins such as exam managers, data entry operators and content providers. Assign access rights accordingly. No SpeedExam branding Remove SpeedExam branding from your exam pages, email templates, and reports to give them the professional touch and make it your own.
Detailed Analysis Advanced analytics that provides in-depth, informative reports for each exam, item, section, candidate or performance. Printable Reports Generate beautiful and print-ready PDF reports. Print the exams and reports making optimum use of paper and ink. Self Registration Create customized registration page in form builder, candidates can create an account in your exam portal. Custom Email Templates Tailor-made email templates for the welcome, sign-in details, notifications, and information which needs communication in time. Dedicated File Storage Upload images, documents, and videos in a centralized cloud once. Use it within the application as and when needed. Awesome Support The best-in-class phone and email support available for crucial exams. Conduct tests with confidence.