Get free language coaching on your speaking with 1000s of fun exercises.Are you a school?
Perfect your speaking on a free website/app and get unlimited tutoring for only $19.99/month.
Listen to a professional voice actor of either gender say a sentence and repeat it. More ambitious learners can answer a question or describe an image instead.
Record yourself right from your browser or app and save it for your coach in seconds.
We correct word pronunciation, intonation, rhythm, grammar, word choice, and more.
Our curriculum of thousands of sentences is tailored to you, whether you are a complete beginner or already conversational. If you don't already sound native, we bring value to you.
5. Conversational Fluency
Developed with love from alumni of the Ivy League and Google, we've got you covered, one sentence at a time.
With a foundation in our mission, the Speechling Method uses a combination of technology and human coaching to help our students learn new languages.
We place an emphasis on speaking, because of the lack of free and affordable tools for helping people speak. By breaking down spoken language barriers, we hope to increase access to education, employment opportunities, and a better quality of life.
As a technology platform, we’re available as an educational tool 24/7. Speechling uses spaced repetition and sophisticated algorithms to let our users practice from thousands of sentences with real human voices from both genders.
Unlike other for-profit companies, our platform is entirely free - for eternity. We aim to be build the best platform to learn a language with spaced repetition and adaptive learning algorithms.
As a personal tutoring service, our certified pronunciation coaches give feedback on your speaking. Advanced students can answer a question or describe an image, and we will give feedback similar to what a private tutor will provide.
Unlike other for-profit companies, our coaching is also free - but because it has significant overhead costs, we charge just enough to cover our costs and for those who demonstrate that they cannot afford that price, we provide full scholarships.
Speechling is a 501(c)3 educational nonprofit based in California, USA.
We are committed to providing the highest quality free language education to anyone in the world.
We are committed to providing nonprofit language coaching in many countries where our users and coaches reside, including the United States, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, China, Taiwan, Japan, Mexico, New Zealand, Germany, France, Spain, South Korea, Switzerland, and Italy. Our websites and apps are fully localized to support our users, no matter where they live.
"As an avid language learner of German, and now setting my sights onto French, I know that being able to read, write, speak, and understand a language are distinct skills. While the majority of sites focus on reading and writing, Speechling lasers in on listening comprehension and speaking. Receiving feedback on pronunciation and training your ear to a language is invaluable, and a crucial step towards actually speaking a language. A+ on the concept, as well as the execution. I will be using Speechling in my French journey."
"In my case, I'm a native Spanish speaker and using Speechling to learn French. I've used it for a while and have even started to use it to improve my pronunciation in English. I've noticed big improvements in both. I'm a fan."
"This is an awesome idea."
"I've checked Speechling out and also recommended it to my students. The recording/comparing feature is awesome and that's the main reason for me to recommend the site to my students."
"I'll recommend it to my students... Everyone's pronunciation issue is unique, and I think your site might just be the answer to that problem."