We and our partners use technologies, such as cookies, and process personal data, such as IP addresses and cookie identifiers, to personalise ads and content based on your interests, measure the performance of ads and content, and derive insights about the audiences who saw ads and content. Click below to consent to the use of this technology and the processing of your personal data for these purposes. You can change your mind and change your consent choices at any time by returning to this site.
|
Shortcuts
|
SpeedGuide.net - Your Guide to Broadband
More US states join anti-trust probe of Facebook
2019-10-22 17:48 EST by Daniela
Forty-seven state attorneys general have joined an antitrust investigation into Facebook. The New York Attorney General's office is leading the investigation, which it opened last month with AGs from seven other states and the District of Columbia."After continued bipartisan conversations with attorneys general from around the country, today I am announcing that we have vastly expanded the list... »
NordVPN has been hacked
2019-10-21 17:25 EST by Daniela
Popular VPN service provider NordVPN announced today that one of its servers had been hacked. Rival VPN providers VikingVPN and TorGuard may be affected as well. The incident took place in March 2018, when an unauthorized person accessed a server NordVPN rented from a third-party data center in Finland. They exploited an "insecure remote management system" that the data center provider left in... »
Samsung will patch major fingerprint security flaw soon
2019-10-18 18:34 EST by Daniela
Samsung will fix a nasty bug that has caused problems with the fingerprint sensor on the company's Galaxy S10 and Galaxy Note 10. The flaw lets anyone with a different fingerprint unlock the device given that the smartphone has a screen protector installed. If you do not have a screen protector, you are safe.According to the company, the issue is caused by the phones' ultrasonic fingerprint... »
FCC approves merger of T-Mobile and Sprint
2019-10-17 17:39 EST by Daniela
On Wednesday, the Federal Communications Commission formally approved the merger between T-Mobile and Sprint, an FCC official told The Verge. The official approval order from the FCC isn't yet public. It's expected to come out in a few days. The vote comes months after the Justice Department greenlit the deal.The FCC and DOJ are the only two federal agencies required to approve telecom deals... »
SpaceX seeks permission to launch 30,000 more Starlink satellites
2019-10-16 18:35 EST by Daniela
SpaceX has asked the International Telecommunication Union for permission to launch 30,000 more Starlink satellites. The FCC, on SpaceX's behalf, submitted 20 filings to the ITU for 1,500 satellites apiece in various low Earth orbits. The effort is part of SpaceX's ambitious $10 billion Starlink project to create a system capable of beaming cheap broadband to locations around the world where... »
Tech Talk around the Web
Elon Musk tweets using SpaceX s Starlink satellite internet - TechCrunch
Dish issues the third RFP for its 5G greenfield network - FierceWireless
Toner Cable Equipment Introduces QLink Fiber Optic L-Band Satellite Link - Via Satellite
NetAlly Handheld Tester Integrates Wired and Wireless Network Test Data - Security Sales & Integration
Fiber Association Creates 'Experience Index' - Multichannel News
TELUS launches new cyber security service for Canadian businesses Managed Detection and Response MDR - Yahoo Finance
Mercusys MW305R Wireless Router
300Mbps Wireless N Router
With its three 5dBi antennas that work to boost its reception and signal sensitivity, the MW305R provides broad wireless coverage.
Arris VAP3400 Wireless Range Extender
802.11ac Wireless Range Extender
Each VAP3400 can behave as the Access Point or Client, and provides a single Gigabit Ethernet interface to handle the need for extra connectivity ports.
Netgear CM1200 Cable Modem
DOCSIS 3.1 Nighthawk Multi-Gig Speed Cable Modem
CM1200 supports link aggregation to deliver true Multi-Gig internet speeds. Four Gigabit Ethernet ports provide faster wired speeds to connect your router or computer.
TP-Link Archer AX6000 Wireless Router
AX6000 Wireless Router
The Archer AX6000 is TP-Link's first router with Wi-Fi 6 – based on the next generation 802.11ax Wi-Fi technology. Take your Wi-Fi to the next level while being backwards compatible with 802.11a/b/g/n/ac Wi-Fi standards.
Arris Touchstone TG8442 VoIP Gateway
DOCSIS 3.1 VoIP Gateway with 802.11ac Wi-Fi
The TG8442 Telephony Wireless Gateway delivers the gigabit broadband performance of DOCSIS 3.1. This feature-packed unit is intended to serve as the hub of the subscriber's home or business network, connecting all IP capable devices (Internet, Data, Voice and Video) throughout the customer's premises.
Arris SBG10 Cable Gateway
DOCSIS 3.0 Cable Wi-Fi Router
The Arris SURFboard SBG10 is a DOCSIS 3.0 Cable Modem, Dual-Band Concurrent AC Wi-Fi Access Point and 2-Port Gigabit Ethernet Router in one device.
Windows 7, Vista, 2008 Tweaks
by Philip (153 comments)
Windows Vista introduces a number of new features to the TCP/IP stack, including CTCP, and TCP Window Auto-Tuning. This new implementation works much better by default than previous Windows versions with broadband internet connections, and is able to adjust the RWIN value on the fly, depending on the BDP (bandwidth-delay product). This, however, introduces some problems with older routers and restricts the user from tweaking some of the TCP/IP parameters. Still, there is always some room for... »
How To Crack WEP and WPA Wireless Networks
by Philip (93 comments)
Introduction With the popularity of wireless networks and mobile computing, an overall understanding of common security issues has become not only relevant, but very necessary for both home/SOHO users and IT professionals alike. This article is aimed at illustrating current security flaws in WEP/WPA/WPA2. Successfully cracking a wireless network assumes some basic familiarity with networking principles and terminology, as well as working with command-line tools. A basic familiarity... »
How to set a Wireless Router as an Access Point
by Philip (228 comments)
I've often found it useful to get just the wireless functionality out of a WiFi router and reuse it as an access point. Wireless routers seem more common, and are often priced even lower than wireless access points. Adding an access point to a wired network already in place, or to one where the main NAT router is provided by the ISP is usually the easiest solution. However, introducing a second NAT router on the network is not a good idea, especially without some tweaking to set it... »
Windows 8, 10, 2012 Server TCP/IP Tweaks
by Philip (39 comments)
The Windows 8 TCP/IP implementation shares many traits with earlier Windows versions, however, there are some subtle differences, new syntax for applying tweaks, and some new settings. Windows 8 generally works well by default for many broadband connections, yet there is always some room for improvement and we will try to cover all relevant settings and their effect on your connection in detail below.To run some of the outlined commands, you will need to use an administrator account. With... »
Gaming Tweaks
by Philip (46 comments)
Online Gaming can often benefit from some fine-tuning of Windows TCP/IP settings and the Network Adapter properties. This article is intended to supplement our general broadband tweaks and list only TCP/IP settings that are specific to online gaming and reducing network latency. Some of these settings are also mentioned in our general tweaking articles, however, the emphasis here is on latency rather than throughput, and we have complemented the tweaks with more gaming-specific recommendations... »
Android TCP/IP Speed Tweaks
by Philip
To change TCP/IP related settings in Android you need root access. The only exception are a couple of trivial changes that are available to non-rooted devices, namely dynamic vs static IP address, and changing the DNS server. Assuming you are working with an already rooted device, the settings are listed below:Android TCP/IP tweaks (root required)In order to change other TCP/IP stack settings, you need to edit the settings in /proc/sys/net/core/ , similar to what is explained in our Linux... »
How to Secure your Wireless Network
by Philip
A home wireless network allows all your computers, laptops, and mobile devices to communicate with an Wireless Access Point, which is in turn connected to the internet. The access point can be a separate device, or, more commonly part of a Wireless NAT router connected with a network cable to your broadband modem. It can sometimes even be built into the gateway/modem you get from your internet provider.In most cases, we find a place for a wireless router in our home and promptly forget about... »
How to Stop Denial of Service (DoS) Attacks
by Philip
Denial of Service (DoS) attacks are very common on the Internet these days, and they can make your online experience miserable. In some cases of Distributed Denial of Service Attacks (DDoS), they can bring down websites, or cripple entire networks in a matter of minutes, preventing connectivity for many customers. There are different types of DoS attacks, and we've tried to explain the most common types and ways to mitigate their effects to you or your network.Types of Denial of Service (DoS)... »
|
Current Poll
Popular TagsAndroid Apple security Comcast Microsoft Wi-Fi Netflix hackers Analyzer Wireless broadband FCC Facebook AT&T T-Mobile router Sprint Google Internet Verizon
Popular Links
Articles