Product types and maximum loan amounts vary by market. Subject to state regulations, eligibility, credit check, underwriting and approval. Rates, terms and conditions apply. Title loans subject to minimum auto value requirements. See associate for details. Lending decisions and funding times subject to system limitations. Some applications may require additional verification, which can delay the lending decision.
The credit decision on your application may be based in whole or in part on information obtained from a national database including, but not limited to, TransUnion, Equifax, LexisNexis or FactorTrust, Inc.
†Instant funding to a debit card is only available for online loans. Instant funding is not applicable for all debit cards and is not available in New Mexico, Ohio or South Carolina. Subject to system limitations. Some restrictions may apply.
∞Cash advances only available up to approved credit limit; some restrictions may apply.
NOTICE: The Federal Equal Credit Opportunity Act prohibits creditors from discriminating against credit applicants on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, age (provided the applicant has the capacity to enter into a binding contract); because all or part of the applicant's income derives from any public assistance program; or because the applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the Consumer Credit Protection Act. The Federal agency that administers compliance with this law concerning this creditor is the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, 1700 G Street NW, Washington DC 20006 and the Federal Trade Commission, Equal Credit Opportunity, Washington DC 20580.
Alabama: Minimum age to apply in Alabama is 19.
California: Speedy Cash is licensed by the California Department of Business Oversight pursuant to the California Deferred Deposit Transaction Law. California loans other than deferred deposit loans are issued pursuant to the California Financing Law.
Nevada: The use of check-cashing services, deferred deposit loan services, high-interest loan services or title loan services should be used for short-term financial needs only and not as a long-term financial solution. Customers with credit difficulties should seek credit counseling before entering into any loan transaction.
New Mexico: Speedy Cash is licensed and regulated by the New Mexico Regulation and Licensing Department, Financial Institutions Division, P.O. Box 25101, 2550 Cerrillos Road, Santa Fe, New Mexico 87504. To report any unresolved problems or complaints, contact the division by telephone at (505) 476-4885 or visit the website http://www.rld.state.nm.us/financialinstitutions/.
Tennessee: The State of Tennessee requires a minimum principal reduction. In order to comply with the minimum state-required principal reduction, Speedy Cash requires that minimum payments include a principal reduction of 2% or $2.50 for Customers who get paid bi-weekly/twice-a-month, or 4% or $5 for Customers who get paid monthly, whichever is greater.
Texas: Speedy Cash operates as a Registered Credit Access Business (CAB). The actual Lender is an unaffiliated third party. Speedy Cash engages in the money transmission and/or currency exchange business as an authorized delegate of MoneyGram Payment Systems, Inc. under Chapter 151 of the Texas Finance Code. If you have a complaint, first contact MoneyGram Payment Systems, Inc. at 1-800-MONEYGRAM. If you still have an unresolved complaint regarding the company’s money transmission or currency exchange activity, please direct your complaint to the Texas Department of Banking: 2601 North Lamar Boulevard, Austin, TX 78705-4294, 1-877-276-5554 (toll free), www.dob.texas.gov.
Opt+: This card is issued by Axiom Bank or Metropolitan Commercial Bank, Member FDIC, pursuant to a license from Visa. Visa is a registered trademark of Visa USA Inc. All trademarks and service marks are property of their respective owners. ATM: No fee withdrawals at any Speedy Cash or Rapid Cash location. Transaction fees will apply for all other ATMs. No charge loads/unloads at Speedy Cash and Rapid Cash locations only.
Google Play is a trademark of Google Inc. Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Data rates may apply.