This article suggests a list of the 35 greatest classic rock guitarists, all of which began their careers in the twentieth century. A short biography is provided for each guitarist.
Souling in order to receive a soul cake is a tradition from the past that was a forerunner of trick-or-treating. The lovely "Soul Cake" song has been recorded by multiple artists.
Steven John Simon talks about his new single, "Story to Tell," his career, and his involvement in worthwhile causes.
Spread awareness about domestic violence and child abuse with a playlist of pop, rock, and country songs. Be part of the solution.
My Interview With New Upcoming Hip-Hop/Pop Artist: L.A.Shawn (LA Boii) !!! From music inspirations, to collaborations with Lil Baby and Baby Goth, to fan love and appreciation. Learning something new about this new face in the game! L.A.Shawn (LA Boii), tell me what you think of him!
Duran Duran was a big influence on my preteen and teen years. Watching their videos and hearing their music brought me lots of joy in the '80s (and ongoing). Here are eight of my favorite Duran Duran songs from the '80s.
You don't have to be born into nobility to be regal. Aren't we all the king or queen of something? Celebrate royalty with a playlist of pop, rock, and country songs about kings, queens, princes, and princesses.
Whether you're a prisoner of love, a prisoner of your own mind, or you've served time in a real jail, make a playlist of pop, rock, and country songs about life behind bars.
Celebrate the beauty of the color white with a playlist of pop, rock, and country songs about a color typically associated with purity, innocence, perfection, sterility, and faith.
Singers and speakers often acquire throat irritation. This interferes with the voice and interrupts the presentation, audition, recording session and show. Learn how to avoid these throat problems.
Find out how Marshall, Fender and Peavey, three kings of the guitar amplifier world, stack up against each other. Learn which amps are best for which genre and level of guitar player.
England has a rich collection of traditional folk songs. This article includes performances of four songs and describes the interesting background of the music.