Welcome to the StarGames online casino
Do you like the elegance of Baccarat, Roulette, Black Jack and more? Then our casino is just right for you! Place your bets and enjoy the sparkling glamour of the StarGames casino world - anytime, when you fancy it. Subscribe to our newsletter now, and we’ll always keep you up-to-date on all things StarGames via email!
Desktop & Mobile
Enjoy the best online casino games, regardless of where you are! StarGames is constantly innovating and re-imagining the cutting edge of online gaming, creating exciting games that can be enjoyed on your mobile device without a loss in quality and more flexibility for you. Spice up everyday moments like the daily commute to work or waiting for a bus by playing StarGames now!
Your Online Casino is listening!
You’d like to play securely and without any worries, and that’s extremely important for us as well. Your opinion is greatly valued, and our customer service team is here for you to ensure that your needs are met. Why not take a look at our FAQs and see if there are any answers to any pressing questions you may currently have, or just give them a read and learn more about the exciting world of online casinos? Enjoy the best and most professional entertainment online at StarGames, exactly as you would expect from the NOVOMATIC slot universe!
The Stars Shop
You’d like to play securely and without any worries, and that’s extremely important for us as well. Your opinion is greatly valued, and our customer service team is here for you to ensure that your needs are met. Why not take a look at our FAQs and see if there are any answers to any pressing questions you may currently have, or just give them a read and learn more about the exciting world of online casinos? Enjoy the best and most professional entertainment online at StarGames, exactly as you would expect from the NOVOMATIC slot universe!
Online Roulette
Red or black? And which will be your lucky number? Enjoy one of the most popular games in the world and let the ball land on your lucky number! Maybe the certified random number generator will grant you an exciting win soon. Our online casino has classic roulette games in store for you but also novelties like the popular Royal Crown Roulette European. Multiball Roulette even contains up to ten balls!
Online Slots
The most famous and popular slots - in the best original quality! Whether you like classic fruit machines, adventurous treasure hunts or lively action fun - try your luck and explore your way through our gigantic slot machine assortment.
Online BlackJack
The classic card game with guaranteed excitement! Get close to 21 with two cards and beat the virtual dealer. Cheer when you land 21 but be careful: If you exceed 21 the bank will have your bets. Enjoy even more entertainment thanks to numerous Blackjack variants such as Royal Crown Blackjack!