This powerful and unflinching animated clip provides a powerful first-person glimpse into what CNN Investigates found when they uncovered the fact law enforcement agencies across the US had destroyed hundreds of rape kits. [Read more]
Helen Mirren’s “Catherine the Great” four-part mini-series premiered this week on HBO with this opulent and somber title sequence by creative director Lisa Bolan and the Elastic crew setting the tone. [Read more]
Ingenuity Studios in Los Angeles teams with director Jordan Bahat to literally drop the VFX into this junkyard screaming match between English singer/songwriter Yungblud and Imagine Dragons lead vocalist Dan Reynolds called “Original Me”. [Read more]
Our friends at The Telly Awards have honored the planet’s best video work for over 40 years. This year they’re focused on people and teams telling the most innovative stories across the creative industries (including animation, VFX, and motion design). [Read more]
Working direct with Nike Brand Design, Rimantas Lukavicius and his Korb studio in Vilnius, Lithuania, construct a pristine robot fantasy around the company’s latest addition to the LeBron line of footwear. [Read more]
Lobo’s latest work for American yogurt maker Chobani is a warm and earthy 2D film leveraging the brand identity of hand-drawn illustrations to create “a peaceful journey that shows how giving is the first step towards collective well-being.” [Read more]
Creating desire through tactile elegance, this new spot by ManvsMachine positions a new line of products from venerable Danish consumer electronics brand Bang & Olufsen comfortably in its luxury niche. [Read more]
The act of spraying germs on your fellow humans becomes far more fun and artful than you thought possible in this film directed by Paulina Ziolkowska during her studies at The Polish National Film, Television and Theatre School. [Read more]
Directors Chiunyi Ko, TuBo Lee and the MixCode crew in Taipei spin 3D, cel animation, and live-action into a manic world of color and form in this launch film for a new smart scooter from Taiwan manufacturer Gogoro. [Read more]