Stockopedia introduced me to the idea of ‘factor-based’ investing and entirely transformed my thinking. Since joining Stockopedia my investing results have far exceeded those of any of the professionals I used to follow.
After your free trial, plans start at less than £19 per month. With a one month money back guarantee, there's no risk.
You can be up and running with a no-commitment free trial in just a few clicks... why are you waiting?
Load StockReports to quickly access the essential financial statistics required for confident decision making.
Quickly identify issues using the StockRanks™ or research in depth with our wealth of data & analyst comment.
Browse the best ideas generated from the Screeners, or assess the daily insights from our Small Cap Reports.
Add your trades into our powerful Portfolio system to stay alert to changes in price and rank over time.
Develop your own unique style of investing with the Research Tools at your disposal. Aim for improved returns at lower risk.
At the time I started my subscription of Stockopedia, I had approximately 35 shareholdings. I entered them into Stockopedia and started to review them. I could quickly see that some shares that had been tipped were of poor quality, so started the process of selling shares to reduce the number and improve the quality using the StockRanks as a guide. My investment results have dramatically improved during the last two years.
What works in investing is a poorly hidden secret - stock returns are, on average, driven by a set of straight-forward 'risk-factors'. Three of the most powerful factors are:
We rank every stock in the market between 0 and 100 for each of these factors, and combine them into the StockRank - which is published for every stock in the market and only ever a quick search away.
Stocks with 90+ rankings have, on average, significantly beaten the market in nearly all global stock markets since launch in 2012. Learn more about the origin of the StockRank, or learn more about our methodology.
Most important is the concept of 'ranking' that is not really available anywhere else. Stockopedia's StockRanks mean that I can instantly focus on what is worth investing, and ignore the dross. Now I check my portfolio every day, basing all my picks on the Stockopedia Momentum & Quality ratings.
Since their launch in 2013, two out of every three 70+ StockRank™ stocks have been winners over a 1 year timeframe, with 90+ performing best.
High ranking stocks can, of course, fall. The StockRank shows how similar a stock's profile is to those that have done well in the past. It provides no guarantee of results.
But on average, in a diversified portfolio, over the longer term, higher ranked shares have significantly beaten the market.
Best Investment Software
Shares Awards 2016 & 2018
Favourite Share Research Platform
Mello Awards 2018
The Small Cap Report provides your first port of call for fast daily analysis of company announcements and news - well before the data or rankings are updated.
By taking you through their thought processes step-by-step Paul Scott & Graham Neary highlight opportunities and risks at the sharp end of the market, with the guidance to help your skill and confidence improve.
Paul Scott is a great writer and it is so refreshing to read someone who calls it just as he sees it; I can't think of any city journalist that does the same.
Stockopedia is an easy-to-use, browser-based web application. Anywhere you have an internet connection, you have Stockopedia... it just works.
After your free trial, plans start at £19 per month. With a one
month money back guarantee, there's no risk.
*December 2017 survey of Stockopedia Subscribers.
I want to thank all the Stockopedia team for this excellent website and I also want to thank YOU too. The Stockopedia community are a brilliant bunch. So much insight and knowledge; it certainly helps to form a 360 degree view of a stock when there are so many well informed opinions from well respected investors.
"I used to take a very unstructured approach & my results were mixed. The StockRanks are now a strong component of my investment decisions. I feel more confident in my decisions and my results beat the market indexes."
"As a one man band I could not 'cover' the market. My investing is now much more structured and the results are so much better. The level of worry is reduced and I feel better able to structure my portfolio."
"Before Stockopedia I read investing magazines and discussion boards with very little proper research. My results since subscribing to Stockopedia are much better than I would have ever imagined. I can honestly say I would be lost without Stockopedia now."
"My previous approach to picking investments was haphazard. I often ended up just buying companies that I was aware of as a consumer. Since subscribing my own portfolio has produced significantly better returns - even beating the performance of my IFA by 15% over the last 3 years!"
Our unique TrafficLight system shows instantly whether a share's statistics rank attractively versus its peers.
Could the stocks you own be at risk of bankruptcy? Is there a high probability that the accounts have been manipulated?
With 8 years of historic and forecast fundamentals tabled and charted you can eyeball long-term performance at a glance
If you can't make your mind up between two or three similar stocks, check their ranks,fundamental and technical data side by side
Most people screen for stocks top down, but using the unique checklist tool you can check any stock against your rules bottom up
For those that love their moving averages, RSI, MACD and even more advanced technical criteria you can find it all in our comprehensive Technical Charting suite.
Clear and concise information about your folio, beautifully laid out. Track your holdings and returns online at any time of day.
Transaction log support allows the accurate generation of intraday & daily valuations. Track gains & losses over time to improve your hitrate.
Keep yourself in the know with regular news, comment and event listings. Subscribe to feeds to keep your desktop calendar up to date.
We have devoured the literature on investing to model & track 65 of the most famous investment stock selection strategies. From Altman to Zulu.
Use Stockopedia's StockRanks, RiskRatings and Style Classifications as starting points to find Quality, Value and Momentum stocks.
Find a great idea for further research? Then copy it into your Folio in just 2 clicks. From there you'll be able to track it and find quick access to its StockReport as you follow it.
Our powerful screening tool can be customised with any of combination of over 350 simple and advanced screening metrics. From accruals to Z-Scores we have it all.
With all kinds of rule types you can drill down deeply into the data. It's this depth of power that brings precision to you searches.
Configure your tables your way by editing the columns right there in the browser. Even better in one click you can view a set of mini-charts !
Our award-winning blogging team crawl the markets daily to find stocks with potential and warn you of hidden financial risks
Check in to be the first to know about new 90+ StockRank ratings upgrades, GuruScreen qualfiers or Style Classification changes.
Stay on top of your portfolio and the market as a whole on the straightforward and easy to read "Today" page.
Our editors & research analysts continuously contribute articles on the site, but the member community is just as strong.
You don't have to originate an article or thread to contribute. Even the smallest actions can help encourage others to share their ideas.
The community share invitations to some of the most exclusive events, seminars and conferences on the web. Join us at our own StockSlams in the UK.
With easy to browse classifications covering 10 sectors and 52 industry groups you can diversify your portfolio more effectively than ever before.
We cover more than 35,000 stocks across the world including UK, Europe, North America, Asia & Australasia. You can choose the coverage that suits you.
I’m able to make more investments, so therefore diversify better, because I can cover the market more quickly and find more opportunities.
Since our launch, we've believed supporting our subscribers to be our most important endeavor. Our goal is to provide the help you need to succeed as a self-reliant investor - and you'll do that better the faster you learn to use our investment tools.
Our analyst team includes three Chartered Financial Analysts and three candidates. We have the expertise to resolve everything from simple account queries to tough data issues.
In the last 12 months we handled 11,046 unique conversations with our subscribers. 22% of which were personally handled by Ed Croft our CEO. We really do give a damn.
Not only is the software easy to use and to understand but the team around it are always there to assist. Thanks to Stockopedia for helping me feel comfortable enough to take my own investment decisions and to develop my own strategy. It's enriched my pocket and my life.
There's nothing worse than being dropped in the deep end with something you can't understand. We would never let that happen to you here.
Our approach to education is extensive.
Our learning resources cover both product and investing education. You don't have to leave the site to get better at using it... but if you do, you can take our ebooks with you.
What's more, we provide inline help throughout the application. So if you don't know what something means - just click it !
It's been a fantastic educational tool. I know far more about the basic data and what the various criteria mean. Lots of this comes from the brilliant little pop-ups that explain the PEG and PE and so on, on every company page.
"Stockopedia has always been miles ahead in its presentation of data and its carefully selected use of stock screens to identify great stocks."
"Expensive fund managers should be looking over their shoulders."
"Since I last wrote about advanced screeners for value investors Stockopedia has emerged as my favourite. For data, Stockopedia shines."
"Stockopedia presents all the data on any company that you are likely to want, saving you doing the analysis - this is a highly recommended service."
"One of the advantages of using Stockopedia is that it helps throw up companies that you would otherwise not find out about. It also helps investors avoid getting caught in the traps that even the biggest household name shares can lay."
"Stockopedia is a great place to scan for new shares to buy. Each share gets a ranking, you can use 'guru' screens to find shares, there is even a stock screen loosely based on my criteria! There is lots more really fantastic material and I believe access should help investors and I now use it myself."
Our primary source, Thomson Reuters, employs thousands of analysts who scan, audit & standardise financial data entry into their databases before uploading to their financial cloud.
Throughout the day and night we download these financial statements, analyst estimate data, price quotes & histories and other company information to our databases.
After organising it and cleaning it all up, we then crunch over 60 million computations to build up a library of essential, accurate and timely statistics on every stock. From simple PE Ratios to Piotroski F-Scores.
We then rank and screen the market to filter the wheat from the chaff. The output is then published in brilliant StockReports, GuruScreens, StockRanks and Chart Signals to improve your stock market odds.
Stockopedia is one of the few companies in the world that the markets giant Thomson Reuters partners with to serve the individual investor.
Stockopedia is the perfect solution for the time-poor individual investor looking for resultsGet started for free