Connect students to the global economy
with virtual investing and real-world learning.
What is The Stock Market Game™?
Teachers consistently tell us about the positive influence our programs have on their students. The educational impact of the SIFMA Foundation's Stock Market Game™ is unmatched, with proven increases in student attendance, engagement and class participation, and improved academic performance and financial behavior.
Get Involved.
-
The SIFMA Foundation
An independent 501(c)3 educational organization dedicated to fostering knowledge of the financial markets, serving 17 million students since 1977.
-
Stock Market Game™
An online simulation of the global capital markets that engages students grades 4-12 in the world of economics, investing and personal finance and that has prepared 17 million students for financially independent futures.
-
InvestWrite®
A national essay competition that serves as a culminating activity for Stock Market Game™ students.
-
Capitol Hill Challenge™
A national financial education competition for junior high and high schools that reaches all 50 U.S. states and all members of Congress.
-
Invest It Forward™
An industry-wide financial education and capital markets literacy campaign convening volunteers from hundreds of financial firms.
Bring your classroom to life.
Request a financial industry guest speaker today to bring the world of finance and capital markets to your students through the SIFMA Foundation's Invest It Forward™ initiative.
Grow with your students.
Build a fundamental understanding of investing while providing students with real-world skills and practice in math, English language arts, economics, social studies, and other subjects.
Plan your students' SMG experience using the Teacher Support Center, a searchable library of curriculum resources, lesson plans, assessments, and standards correlations.
Access easy-to-follow instructional guides, suggested lessons, activities, and projects for afterschool and homeschool participants.
Student-centric mobile apps.
Our mobile app works in conjunction with student team portfolios, engaging students in meaningful second-screen experiences. Sync with standard SMG portfolios' current Account Summary, Pending Transactions, Transaction Notes, and market news information. Allow teams to look up ticker symbols and enter trades.
What's New?
The Red Hook Star Review:
Crown Heights Student Takes top Prize in National Essay Competition , Jul 1, 2019 Read More
nj.com:
Glassboro student's stock soars with essay contest win, Jun 13, 2019 Read More
Roll Call:
Are you (financially) smarter than a sixth-grader?, Jun 12, 2019 Read More
The Stock Market Game™ works.
At the beginning of the game I was more concerned with the questions students had for me that I was afraid I couldn't answer but I've learned through playing the game that the questions that the students asked can be turned into research projects.
Harvey Marable,
Watch Video
You're not learning in class anymore, you're in the computer room, and suddenly it's not the computer room anymore, it's the Stock Market Game room. You learn it without even knowing you're learning. In the end, when the SMG is finished, you're like "Wow! I want to play again!!"
Parina,
Watch Video
We have the results to back it up.
- Engages students and improves academic performance, financial knowledge, and saving and investing habits.
- High school students who participated in a stock market game "did significantly better than other students on the financial literacy exam."
- The "only activity that shows a positive and significant relationship with test scores was participation in a stock market game."
- Teachers who participate in our programs are engaged, committed and readily respond to requests for input to support continuous improvement of our programs.
- Positive influence on the financial decisions of the teachers who used the program with their students.