Stormboard is easy, interactive, and flexible - it takes 1 minute to learn, and 5 minutes to master.
Your ideas are transmitted over a 256 bit SSL (bank grade) Internet connection.
Whatever you are looking to accomplish, there is a template available to kick-start productivity.
No more taking blurry photos of Whiteboards - reporting is instant and can be run in multiple ways.
Before trying to solve a problem, create a product, or hold a meeting, you need to define your objectives and capture and collect existing ideas before generating new ideas through clarification, explanation, feedback, and discussion. Stormboard helps you generate 10x more ideas than you would in a regular meeting.
Once you have all your ideas in one place, allow the best to rise to the top by quickly grouping similar ideas together, removing any duplicates, and looking for patterns. Decide on the final idea that is going to be used as the solution for your product, process, or problem. Export Word, PowerPoint or Excel reports to use as meeting minutes, to present to your executive team, or to keep everyone on your team on the same page.
Create a plan or project, assign tasks to your team, and set deadlines, goals, and milestones. Using Stormboard will cut down the number of status update meetings by seamlessly tracking the progress of your project to make sure your plan is on target. Once all milestones have been met, and the project has come to its conclusion, create a storm to perform a retrospective on the process, idea, or solution that you used.
Stormboard saved us $80,000 and made our international meeting more engaged, effective and actionable.
Robert E. Joyce Jr.
CEO, Norican Group
My CoFounder and I are using Stormboard to map out EVERYTHING for our company MusicBox (www.strikingly.com/musicbox) @TeamMusicbox.
We love it. So simple to use, so clean, super interactive. We tried a number of platforms before finding yours, and nothing comes close to Stormboard.
Michael Hoy
Director of Partner Relations
We did a strategic workshop with various stakeholders to achieve a shared understanding of the business objective and challenges. With 12 people distributed in 3 locations (New York, San Francisco and London) there was no way we could've done the workshop effectively without Stormboard. In addition to the great intuitive tool that requires almost no learning, Stormboard provides a superb customer service that went above and beyond to support our workshop.
Carl
Managing Director, Jumpshift
We used Stormboard to help run engaging collaborative workshops with participants in Brasil, China, Chicago, California, Australia and New Zealand. We had more engagement than we often get in physical workshops and the performance of the system was flawless. A great product that has taken virtual collaboration to another level.
Danny
Senior User Experience Designer, TheEconomist.com
Stormboard is a fantastic business tool. I have used it a number of times for our yearly planning meetings and it works like a charm to ensure that we are focused during our meetings, and aligned on plans to move forward. Because of the online access we are able to use our precious face to face meeting time to dive deep into business insights and brainstorm/greenhouse ideas. I would definitely recommend Stormboard to others.
Sarah Manuel
Regional Business Manager - major consumer goods company
Our company was looking for a tool that was able to collaborate and organize our team's ideas and concepts digitally. When we found Stormboard we knew it was the perfect tool for our marketing firm. It has made brainstorming efficient and green. The Stormboard team has been extremely helpful and very open to suggestions. We highly recommend Stormboard.
Danikka
Culinary Marketing Coordinator
Enter your email to signup for your free account.