Top Stories
USA
Drivers Get More Protection — The Rest of Us Get Slaughtered|
Fatal car crashes are down for the second straight year across the nation — but the number of pedestrians and cyclists killed by motorists are up again, further evidence that cars are getting safer only for people inside the vehicle. According to final 2018 data released today by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, 36,560 […]
Take Transit to the Airport — Cut the TSA Line|
More cities are introducing incentives for flyers to ditch cars and taxis and take public transit to their area airports. Here's a roundup.
House Transport Chairman Rips Uber, Lyft|
House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee Chairman Peter DeFazio had invited representatives from Uber and Lyft to sit on a panel discussing the future of transportation network companies. On Monday, he learned ride hail officials declined to participate, so DeFazio used his opening remarks to lambast both companies for contributing to longer traffic delays and higher […]
NYC
As City Builds ‘Green Wave,’ Cops in Downtown Brooklyn Still Fight It|
A stationhouse on Schermerhorn Street is filled with recklessly driving cops ... who also park in the bike lane that connects two streets in DOT's 'Green Wave'!
Op-Ed: Let’s Build Bus and Bike Infrastructure Together|
It is disappointing that, as the boroughs finally modernize their bus services with bus lanes, stop-consolidation and more, cycling again seems left out of the picture.
Brooklyn DA: Hit-and-Run Drivers Need Harsher Penalties|
District Attorney Eric Gonzalez is again demanding that lawmakers in Albany increase the jail time for hit-and-run drivers who kill,
LA
Six Months in, Metro/Via Mobility on Demand Pilot is an Expensive Flop|
With free rides and $1.75 million Metro subsidy the pilot is serves about a third of the ridership a low-performing bus route. Per ride cost is well over $20.
Caltrans Cancels High Desert Freeway Project|
Thanks to a Climate Resolve lawsuit, Caltrans has agreed to halt work on the Metro-funded High Desert Corridor freeway
New Metro Report: Understanding How Women Travel|
Metro's new report lays the groundwork for Metro efforts to improve women riders' experience via an upcoming Gender Action Plan.
CHICAGO
How the U.S. Legal System Supports Car-Dependence|
Gregory Shill of the University of Iowa discussed his paper "Should Law Subsidize Driving?" at UIC.
Chicago May Hike Cost of Uber Rides — And That’s Good|
Some of the revenue will be used to help fund transit, including an initiative to speed up neighborhood bus service.
Decolonizing our work: Why Untokening is so powerful for BIPOC transportation advocates|
Transportation and mobility justice work has the potential to play a big role in shifting things for the better if we are able to do it right.
SF
Eyes on the Street: OakDOT Installs Rapid Half-Measures|
Despite commitment to rapid response, OakDOT backs away from its most advanced designs at site of recent hit & run death
High-Speed Rail Reporter Can’t Read a Map|
NBC affiliate doesn't know there's already a train from Bay Area to Merced? And the LA Times repeats nonsense about battery powered high-speed trains
After Spate of Deaths, OakDOT Talks Rapid Response|
Another pedestrian killed earlier this month on Foothill and a cyclist on Fruitvale--officials hear about attempts to stem the carnage
DENVER
Eyes on the Street: New Dedicated Bus Lanes on 15th Street|
A city contractor installed new bus-only lanes on 15th Street Downtown last night. The move is expected to accelerate buses up to 42 percent. And if buses become faster and more reliable, people may start to ditch cars in favor of buses.
Video: New 15th Street ‘Corner Wedges’ Slow Drivers When They Turn Onto Bike Lane|
The Department of Public works installed rubber curbs and plastic posts to create “corner wedges” within five intersections on the 15th Street bikeway downtown earlier this month. The pilot project aims to slow drivers as they turn left at intersections, helping to ensure they yield to bicyclists and pedestrians.
Greta Thunberg in Denver: “The Older Generations Are Failing Us.”|
"We all need to do the seemingly impossible,” said 16-year-old activist Greta Thunberg at a climate strike in Denver today.
CALIFORNIA
Report: Air Quality in U.S. Is Getting Worse|
Researchers found evidence that increased use of natural gas and vehicle fuels are contributing to worsening air quality. Wildfires are a factor, but don't explain the increase.
New Vision for the Bay Area: Using Freeways for a High-Quality Regional Transit System|
TransForm proposes a new system of "rail-like rubber-tire transit" using managed lanes on area freeways
Coastal Commission Accepts San Diego’s Zero-Parking Requirements for a Slice of Coastal Zone|
Despite staff recommendation to "wait and see," Commission agrees with need to stop requiring minimum parking at new developments
SOUTHEAST
How I Respond to “Atlanta Is a Car Town, Not a Cycling and Transit Town”|
A commenter on a recent post of mine mentioned a couple of pretty common criticisms about expectations for growth in cycling and transit in Atlanta.
What Makes a Good City? You Need the Right Codes|
How can we stop design and planning mistakes from damaging our city? Part 2 in a series of illustrated essays on urban design.
Suburban Exclusion of MARTA and Access to the Braves Stadium|
There is a way to get to the Braves stadium by using Cobb County’s transit service. But that service is nowhere near as extensive as MARTA and doesn’t meet the needs of the people who live in suburban poverty.
OHIO
What’s Really Behind GCRTA’s Falling Ridership Levels?|
The past year has been eventful, to say least, for public transit in Northeast Ohio.
Driving Is the Problem, Not the Solution|
We’re officially in the middle of the holiday season, which can only mean one thing – that’s right, the 5-year American Community Survey (ACS) data for 2016 came out last week.
COTA to Interview Four Candidates for CEO Post|
Four candidates will be interviewed to be the next CEO of the Central Ohio Transit Authority.
STL
Why You Should Go to the Chouteau Greenway Events this Week|
If you haven’t yet heard of Great Rivers Greenway (GRG) or specifically the Chouteau Greenway, you’re missing out on one of the most exciting developments planned in St. Louis.
Take Parking Away From Treasurer’s Office|
Former St. Louis treasurer Larry Williams reminds me of a small town version of New York's Robert Moses (1888-1981), using the state legislature to give him money and power while also remaining free of oversight.
How Much Do People in Missouri Bicycle?|
How much do people in Missouri bicycle? Is the amount of bicycling in Missouri growing? How to Missouri communities compare with other U.S. cities and with major cities of the world?
TEXAS
The One Little Rule That Decides Where Austin’s Towers Build Parking|
Not every tower in downtown Austin looks exactly the same, but there is one defining characteristic that describes almost all of them: parking. Most towers rest on top of what they call in the industry a parking plinth, the tower base where folks store their cars.
Remembering Pedestrian Pete|
Irascible, ornery, unconventional, Pedestrian Pete pushed Houston to be better and embrace walkable urbanism.
Harvey to Be a Turning Point for Equitable Transit-Oriented Development in Houston|
Rendering of New Hope Housing project on Harrisburg. Courtesy: GSMA.The urban ambitions of our government leaders — so easy to dismiss in the past as nice words with no budget — may get a serious infusion of funds because of Harvey. The Texas delegation that Governor Abbott took to Washington D.C. lobbied for $61 billion beyond what the state already expects to receive from […]