Featured Gear
Strings Culture
Hello!
Welcome to Strings Direct. We’ve been supplying musicians from beginners to professionals since January 1997. We pride ourselves on delivering the absolute best service and goods to our customers and this goal has taken us from a small, shoebox premises to a much bigger, customised office in Rochford, Essex that we now call home.
We are a small, family-orientated team of professionals who are totally dedicated to our cause. We’re proud of our reputation for speed and reliability, on giving good, friendly advice and offering the same service to each and every customer. We’re constantly refining and improving our services to make your experience with us even better; our new scan and pack system now means the time between placing your order and it being packed and ready for despatch can be less than 30 minutes.
Our website has been live for over 20 years and in that time we’ve managed to secure strong relationships with the world’s top strings brands and manufacturers meaning we’re able to boast a vast range of strings for guitar, bass, banjo, mandolin and many other stringed instruments unparalleled by any other company.
We’re not just the strings company. Strings are our ‘thing’ but we also stock a huge range of accessories for musical instruments from plectrums, straps, guitar cases and capos to guitar effects, switchers, pedal boards and power supplies.
We will never knowingly let a customer down. We feel our policy of providing a service beyond reproach coupled with an extensive range of competitively priced products is a policy we will always standby. We will never deviate from the standards we have set ourselves, but should the unthinkable happen and we make an error, rest assured we will always do everything possible to rectify any problems swiftly and professionally.
If you have any questions or feel we may be able to help you with your guitaring needs in any way, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Thanks for visiting!
P.S. Feel free to drop in to our store – we may even make you a coffee! No Azera though... that stuff’s expensive!