Your official starting point for studying in HollandBack to top Edit
Although small in size, Holland has a rich cultural tradition.
Check our database of English-taught courses.
Holland has various types of higher education institutions.
See all higher education institutions on a map of Holland.
You can pursue a bachelor's, master's or PhD degree in Holland.
Do you want to do an internship in Holland?
Do you want to make the most of your summer? Then follow a course in Holland! It is a great chance to explore a new place and gain new knowledge for your CV at the same time.
Why not follow a study programme in Dutch?
The Dutch teaching style is interactive and student-centred.
An overview of scholarships available for studying in Holland.
Tuition fees in Holland are comparatively low.
Students spend an average of €800 - €1,100 a month.
Admission requirements are set by the institutions.
To find out whether your diploma qualifies you to be admitted to a study programme, the higher education institutions consults Nuffic.
Application procedures vary by institution and programme.
What do you need to do and when? Find out with our checklist!
Get prepared and make the most of your Study in Holland experience.
Different procedures apply for refugee students. Use our Pathfinder tool to find out what you need to do in your situation.
For your visa, permit or registration with the council you may need one or more legalised documents, for example your birth certificate. You need to arrange this before your departure to Holland.
Do you need a visa to come to Holland?
In Holland, students usually don’t live on campus but live in student houses across the city.
Make sure that you are properly insured during your stay in Holland.
If you are staying in the Netherlands for more than four months you will need to go to the city council and register as a new resident of the town where you are living.
So you’ve arrived in Holland, welcome! We’re here to make your stay as comfortable as possible.
Most of the student life in Holland happens off-campus.
You don't really need a car to get around in Holland.
Although you can speak English with practically anyone in Holland, learning Dutch helps you to get to know the country and its culture and society.
If you want to work alongside your studies while staying in the Netherlands, there are some things to keep in mind.
Read the experiences of fellow students who have already studied in Holland.
A list of apps you don’t want to miss when studying in Holland!
You may find that the Dutch grading system is different from your own.
Holland Alumni are highly employable.
Make the most out of your time here!
Join the Holland Alumni network.
A diploma description can be helpful when moving abroad.
Why choose to Study in Holland?
Preparations to go through before coming to Study in Holland.
What does the life of an international student in Holland look like?
All you need to know about financial matters.
Housing tips for international students in Holland.
What is the culture like in Holland?
How to get around and discover Holland.
How to spend your free time in Holland.
Travel in Holland to different cities.
Tips on starting your career in Holland or finding an internship.
Laat weten wat je belangrijk vindt. Dan kunnen wij WilWeg.nl voor jou verbeteren.
Dit kost je maximaal 5 minuten.