Are YOU a Bass Player?...
...StudyBass
What is StudyBass?
- FREE bass lessons, tools and resources.
- Lessons are based on my tens of thousands of hours teaching hundreds of students over 25 years.
- Start from zero and learn step-by-step. Lessons are highly-organized so you don't get lost.
The StudyBass Approach
StudyBass is for bass creators—bassists who want to use the bass in a creative, original way.
Anyone can learn to play other peoples' basslines and bass solos. Does learning to recite a poem make you a poet? No! And, that's where StudyBass is different...
The goal of StudyBass is to educate you on how music works and how to create your own basslines and solos, not just to parrot those of others.
Bass—The Misunderstood Instrument
Bass is a unique instrument. Unfortunately, it is often taught the same way as other instruments causing lots of needless confusion for the student.
Don't waste years of precious practice time learning the wrong things.
Organized Learning
Even good lessons are ineffective when presented to the student in the wrong order or at the wrong point in his or her development.
On StudyBass I've organized and paced my bass lessons based on seeing hundreds of students learn to play the bass.
What Does StudyBass Cover?
Technique, Harmony, Rhythm, Music Reading, All Styles, Fretboard Note Names, and there's lots more on the way.
Your Teacher:
Andrew Pouska
I've been teaching private bass lessons since 1993.
I've taught tens of thousands of lessons to well over 2000 students.
In 2003, I started developing StudyBass—my dream of the best bass lessons on the net.
Everything you see on StudyBass was created by me. I think you'll see my passion and commitment to help you become a great musician and bassist.
I love music. I love the bass. And, I love teaching it to you.
Getting Started
First, read over the using the site page. That will help you understand how the site's features work and how I expect you to use it.
Next, go to the bass lesson study guide and get started with the lessons. Even if you feel like you know the contents of a lesson already, go through it anyway. Most of the lessons build on prior lessons. If you skip ahead, you may end up lost.
The Latest StudyBass News
StudyBass' My Practice 2.0!
I'm excited to announce that the My Practice practice organization tool has been updated. This is an extra feature for supporters of the site. I really appreciate your support, and I thank everyone who gave feedback on the beta version of the tool. A lot of users really like it. I hope you will try it out and make it a part of your daily practice routine.
In Progress...
Currently I am working on the the next lesson block which will cover some deeper concepts involving diatonic chords. You'll need to know these ideas as you begin your journey of analyzing and understanding common chord progressions.
At the same time, I am working on a major site update. I will post more about it soon. This will take me several months before you see the results. It's quite ambitious. Stay tuned!
Stay on Course!
Keep practicing and playing. You're worth the time you spend learning to play the bass and deserve it.
Thanks to all supporting the effort and making music.
Be well,
Andrew
Keep Up-to-Date with StudyBass
Get updates about what's new with StudyBass. Subscribe to the (sporadic) email newsletter in your user settings. Follow StudyBass on Twitter, Facebook or YouTube.
I Appreciate Your Support
I couldn't continue this project without user support. It's enough work for 10 people, but it's all just me. I, and many other bass players, truly appreciate your help keeping this alive.
Good luck with your musical pursuits,
Andrew Pouska
StudyBassers Are Saying:
Man since I have been studying your course it has made a huge impact on my playing. I have spent hundreds of dollars on bass guitar programs but I have never seen anything that can compare to the bass lessons that you have written.
Daniel C.
Excellent course, I'm only at lesson two and have learnt more from your site than five years of fumbling around with text books.
Chris J.
[StudyBass] united theory in a way I hadn't experienced, and it made light bulbs kind of explode in my brain! Talk about an epiphany!
John C.
In a nut shell you start out presuming I do not know a thing about the bass or music (true) and build a foundation from that perspective. Thank you.
James R.
I want to thank you for all your effort into this website. I think it's fantastic. I've learned a ton about music in the past couple months. From knowing next to nothing on the bass, I'm already in a band and getting better every week. Keep it up!
Dave P.
I played Tuba through HS and 3 years of under grad so I thought I understood the bass clef. In two weeks I have learned more from your site than 2 decades of "experience". Every new or experienced player should study with you.
Steven B.