Because buying a mattress doesn't have to be this hard
We’ve been in your shoes. You've tried at least 50 mattresses and you're still not sure what to buy. So many brands and all look the same. Mattress shopping can be a daunting and
confusing experience. But it doesn't have to be this way.
Introducing Sunday. We help you take the guesswork out of buying a mattress. That's why we craft 3 mattress models only, all beautifully
designed and priced just right. Because you don’t need 50 different choices. And you don't need to break a bank in Mumbai to buy a supremely comfortable mattress.
Watch how Sunday is made
Nikhil Chopra
Cricketer & Sunday Customer
For sportsmen, it is very important to sleep well to be at ones competitive best. I now get that kind of sleep on a Sunday Latex mattress
Reasons why Sunday will change your life
We’ve worked with India’s top sleep researchers to design the mattress of your dreams.
Yay to finally getting 8 full hours of sleep every night
You've possibly slept in more expensive mattresses than Sunday, but never more comfortable than this.
Keeps your bed cool
We use breathable materials. So Sunday keeps your bed comfortably cool, even on hot Summer nights.
Fall asleep faster and reboot your energy levels
With Sunday you'll fall asleep more quickly and wake up with less pain and stiffness.
Naveen Chandra
Sunday Customer
I had a lower back spasm which was regularly bothering me, I am having a sound sleep these days with completely recovered lowered back ache.
Try sleeping on a Sunday mattress for 100 nights, risk-free. If you are not happy you get your money back.
You'll also love the new Sunday App
Studies show that short sleepers are at higher risk of heart disease or stroke compared to those who sleep 7 to 8 hours a night. That's why we launched a new app that tracks your
quality of sleep and helps you identify trends over time. So you can improve your sleep.
We get you. Buying a new mattress is a big commitment.
Free Shipping & Returns
What if buying a mattress could be a painless process? Guesswork free, buy online and shipped right to your door. Hassle free delivery and free returns.
Priced Just Right
Sunday is the perfect blend of luxury and affordability. Designed by acclaimed Japanese designer, Hiroko Shiratori, our mattresses are so well-made, they can last up to 12 years.
10 Year Honest warranty
We do not make outrageous warranty offers, just to make a sale. But here’s what we do: our mattresses are rigorously tested to comply with our strict standards for quality and durability. That's why we use certified materials that adhere to European Standards.
The Sleep Startup India Can’t Stop Talking About
Read Reviews
Fell in love the first time I saw the Sunday mattress. The service was top notch and spot on. Highly recommend the Latex bed & pillows. Best in India!
Seemanthini, Bengaluru
I tried multiple brands before sleeping on a Sunday Ortho Plus mattress. Earlier I used to wake up 2 to 3 times in my sleep and now, I sleep 8 hours uninterrupted, like a baby!
Solomon Rufus, Chennai
Very comfortable Latex mattress and the best sleep I've had in years. The online buying experience was refreshing and the service was impeccable. Highly recommend.