Get online reservation scheduling at your fingertips, create your own booking system and see why more than 120,000 businesses world-wide trust us.Sign up for a free account
Grow your business with online appointment booking which allows you to add unlimited staff members, create unlimited schedules and manage unlimited users & resources on your schedule
Send automated reminders, confirmations & follow-ups for feedback requests via SMS or email and customize each message with your content
Accept payments online through a range of payment processors like PayPal, Stripe & more or accept credit cards and set up special booking discounts, pricing rules, and credit systems
Eliminate scheduling conflicts by syncing with external calendars, accept bookings via Facebook, claim your own custom domain, or use API and webhooks to build your own custom integrations
Various features that fit your business like colors that match your branding, your logo, classes, promotional offers, custom intake forms and more
Your own mobile optimized booking website to accept online appointment bookings 24/7, available in 33 languages with automatic time-zone adjustment
And you’re done! It is entirely web based, so there is nothing to install and your appointment schedule will work on any computer or phoneGet started
SuperSaaS was up and running smoothly in 15 minutes and fully integrated into my site, in style and format, in about an hour. The flexibility and simplicity of this online booking system is impressive.
I conduct photography workshops and appointment scheduling is always a nightmare. Love this system and without it, I would not be able to get my appointment scheduling done without a ton of help.
We have piloted several online booking calendars – this is by far the best and most flexible. We are a recording studio and bands just love being able to book themselves in! We have noticed a sudden rise in rehearsal bookings since switching to SuperSaaS.
SuperSaaS satisfied the unique appointment scheduling needs of my drop in child care center while making it more convenient for parents to schedule their own reservations.
We use SuperSaaS for booking everything online from meeting rooms to bikes, and all our staff comment on how easy and efficient it is to use.
Easy to use online reservation system with great features that makes record keeping a breeze, we can easily tailor our sessions to those people who have signed in.
We have used SuperSaaS Online Appointment Scheduling System for signups for many dog training classes and both trainers and students have been quite happy with the functionality!
Online scheduling software that allows you to integrate with your favorite apps and software