Secure your
digital life
Private access to the
open internet.
Access content safely
Enjoy everything good that the internet has to offer, worry-free. Get instant, secured access to all the content you love.
Brianne Worth
“I haven’t turned it off since I downloaded it, because everything is blocked in Australia for some reason.”Watch on YouTube
Leave no footprints
Use Surfshark to make sure your location is private and your sensitive data is secure, at all times. 😎
!👋🏼 We see you’re in .
VPNmentor.com
4.5/5.0
"We particularly appreciate this provider’s dedication to privacy, strong encryption, diverse security options."
BestVPN.com
9/10
"Surfshark is a great VPN service. It keeps no logs, is reasonably fast, and offers great technical security with no IP leaks."
Top10VPN.com
8.6/10
"Surfshark is well-suited to those seeking the highest levels of online privacy."
BestVPN.co
4/5
"SurfShark is one such VPN service that we found to be incredibly gritty in its performance to ensure user privacy in the digital sphere."
Verified security
“To sum up, Cure53 is highly satisfied to see such a strong security posture on the Surfshark VPN extensions, especially given the common vulnerability of similar products to privacy issues.”
Dr. Mario Heiderich,
Read more
Founder & CEO of Cure53
Secure your digital life
billed every 24 months
billed every 12 months
Frequently asked questions
How does Surfshark work?
We encrypt all the internet traffic sent to and from your device. Also, we hide your IP address to make sure nobody can see what you do online. On top of that, we block ads, trackers, malware and phishing attempts.
Can I try Surfshark for free?
Yes! We have free trials available on iOS, macOS, and Android applications. In addition to that, all our plans come with a 30-day money-back guarantee, so you can try Surfshark on any platform.
Which devices does Surfshark work on?
You can connect unlimited devices to one account simultaneously, and we cover all major operating platforms. Start with Chrome and Firefox extensions, download it on your iOS or Android, enjoy macOS, Windows, Linux, and Fire TV Stick apps.
How do I know Surfshark can be trusted?
We work under the jurisdiction of the British Virgin Islands, which is a perfect place to guarantee our strict no-logs policy. Also, we are one of the few VPNs which completed an independent security audit with no security issues found. You can read more about the audit here.
Our insights, tips & tricks
Surfshark Partners with CoinGate: Grab Our Special Deal
15 Scams to Watch Out For in 2019
Find Surfshark servers
where you need them
1040+ servers in 61+ countriesAll servers
You’ve gotten this far,
there’s only one thing
left to do
Secure your digital life.