Gather feedback and data your way.
Put it to work right away.
Powerful, Flexible, and Secure.
Today, every organization collects feedback data — but very few act on it. SurveyGizmo takes data out of dashboards and puts it into the hands of people who take action. Through the systems they use every day. Plus, we provide the guardrails to keep IT happy with the flexibility that users love.
Trusted by the World’s Best Brands
Here’s how SurveyGizmo does it.
Collect
and analyze from any source
More than 15,000 companies – from the largest enterprises to independent researchers and small businesses – trust SurveyGizmo to collect all their feedback with predictable costs. And to give them fast and accurate reporting. To get the best feedback in any situation, start with the easiest to use, fastest to implement, most flexible solution on the market (that’s what the G2 Crowd called us).
Integrate
through the core business systems you already use
Every company wants to get closer to their customers. To take feedback and act on it. SurveyGizmo helps companies integrate their feedback into the systems that drive their business (such as Salesforce, Service Cloud, Microsoft Dynamics, Tableau, HubSpot). When you integrate great feedback into core systems, you take immediate action to delight your customers and improve your business.
Consolidate
to empower your business securely
Let your business users solve their business challenges in their way while the IT teams provide the protections your data deserves. That’s what some of the largest brands in the world are doing today with SurveyGizmo. People are using our flexible platform to find new and better ways to serve their customers, with IT-driven guardrails to protect the enterprise.
Accelerate
people’s power to transform your business
If your feedback is collecting dust and liability, it’s not helping you differentiate your business or help you better serve your customers. Put data in motion, integrate it, act on it, protect it, and close the loop with customers faster. This is how you innovate – in the market, with your customers. See how to take action now.
From Fortune 500 to Startups
No matter the complexity of your business, SurveyGizmo provides the best data collection, analysis, and integration tools to help take your organization to the next level. And beyond.
“Whatever we imagine, we can build in SurveyGizmo. It’s so easy to use.”
Sean Payton
Business Operations Manager
“It can go toe to toe with other packages in terms of design and reporting options.”
Ross Rubin
Writer
“SurveyGizmo has a complete set of survey design tools, integrations and analytics.”
Saige Driver
Writer
Start making smarter decisions
Start a free 7-day trial or speak with a member of our sales team.