Shop by Brand
View Brands A-Z
Best Sellers
Ibanez AR2619 Prestige Electric Guitar w/Case, Antique Violin
The AR is a classic among Ibanez guitars. It was one of the first original designs produced by Ibanez and continues to be a sought after guitar. The AR series continues that legacy with pride. Series/Shape: Artist Series Body Wood: Flamed Maple top/Mahogany body Bridge: Gibraltar bridge w/Sustain block Fingerboard:...
New Arrivals
View All New Arrivals
Warwick RockBoard QUAD 4.1 w/ ABS Case, 46 x 32.6 cm
The RockBoard pedalboard series from Warwick has been completely re-designed to create pedalboards that are lightweight, rigid and rugged, and can accommodate multiple pedal configurations pedals as well as power supply mounting solutions. The board frames are made from just one folded, cold-rolled aluminium sheet, with no welded seams. This...
Vinyl Selection
View All Vinyl
Congratulations - MGMT (Vinyl)
Label: Music on VinylRelease Year: 2014Track List:Disc 1 It's Working Song for Dan Treacy Someone's Missing Flash Delirium I Found a Whistle Disc 2 Siberian Breaks Brian Eno Lady Dada's Nightmare Congratulations
Shop by Department
View All Departments
Recently Viewed
From our Blog
#From the Team
Caring for Your Guitar in Southeast Asia: Fighting the Humidity Battle
Store in a cool and dry place. Sound familiar? So many of the products we buy come with that label, and it’s not surprising we take it lightl... Read more
#Contests
Win Paul Gilbert’s Ibanez Signature Model
As many of you may already know, the shred master and guitar extraordinaire Paul Gilbert will be heading to Singapore shores this December, and we&... Read more
#Local Artist Spotlight
Jonathan Fong of Sole Superior Picks His Top 10 Vinyl at Swee Lee
Streetwear and sneakers go hand-in-hand – anyone who’s copped the latest drops will tell you that. But perhaps even more so, music has been ingrain... Read more
#Local Artist Spotlight
Top 5 BOSS Effect Pedals with Calvin Phua of Stopgap
His collection includes a staggering 20 BOSS effects. Here's how he makes his warbly, seasick, and whale sounds. Read more
#From the Team
Off The Record: All About Jazz and Vinyl
Join us at Swee Lee Social Club for an afternoon all about jazz and vinyl. There’ll be a Q&A session with a panel of experienced DJs and ... Read more
#From the Team
Jeremy Zucker Meets His Fans in Swee Lee Lot 10
♫ And there’s one thing that I need from you, can you come through?♫ Jeremy Zucker’s Malaysia show sold out in hours! JZ fever had a ho... Read more
#From the Team
Jeremy Zucker Picks His Top Vinyl at Swee Lee Lot 10
Jeremy Zucker has been taking the world by storm since dropping his hit song “All The Kids Are Depressed” last year. So when he announc... Read more
Follow Us
Three more days till Polyphia takes the stage at The Star Vista for their Guitar.com Masterclass! We're running a few promotions on Friday so here goes: 1. Take 15% off Scott LePage and Tim Henson's Ibanez signature models and AZ Series Prestige/Premium (non-signature models) 2. Take 10% off any Ibanez accessories 3. Take 10% off any Dimarzio accessories. These deals are happening on Friday, 25 October, for ONE DAY ONLY! P.S. If you purchase a Polyphia signature Ibanez or an AZ Series guitar on the day, you can get your new guitar signed! #ibanezguitars #polyphia #ibaneztimhenson #ibanezscottlepage #polyphiaguitar #polyphiasignatureguitars #polyphialiveinsingapore #ibanezaz #dimarziopickups
Asia’s Largest Music Retailer
More than 50,000 musicians trust us and have shopped online with us since 2013.
Fast & Reliable Deliveries
All orders are packed with care and leave our warehouse within 1-2 working days.
Secure Online Shopping
Shopping online is a breeze with PayPal and Shopify, who are trusted worldwide.
Tax Included
All prices are inclusive of tax so you can shop our vast catalogue with ease.