You have no items in your basket.
on orders over £49 before 3pm
A great range of Pond Pumps from all the leading manufacturers, all available at Swell UK, with great prices!
Huge range of Pond Filters available from Swell UK, including the leading brands such as Oase, Fishmate & Hozelock.
From 10L to 350L, for the beginner to the expert, you will find the perfect tank here, at the right price.
The right filtration system for any size home aquarium, whether it's a tropical paradise or a stunning reef system.
Pond Liners available from Swell UK, including a 25 year, 40 year, or even a Lifetime Guarantee, plus underlay!
Swell UK have a range of foods from leading brands, such as Tetra and Nishikoi, as well as our own Swell range.
Great range of Marine salt available, with free next day delivery and a variety of types to choose from.
Fish Tank Lighting at discounted prices. Call our resident experts for further information and advice.
Three styles of basket, multiple sizes, all on buy one, get one free - we have the right one just for your pond
Unslightly green algae causing problems? Simple, natural, effective barley straw bales just pop into the water or the filter chamber.
Sludge? Blanketweed? Swell Pond Treatments can help you to combat these common pond problems, on a buy one get one free offer!
Replace your UV tubes to keep your water looking clean and crisp - we recommend every 6 months to ensure the best quality water.
Swell UK has been one of the leading suppliers of the very best pond and indoor aquarium equipment in the UK for a decade now.
We use our many years of pond keeping experience to bring you the very best quality pond products at great value prices. Our extensive range of pond supplies includes everything from garden pond pumps to filters all from leading brands such as Oase, Fish Mate and Blagdon and has been carefully compiled to suit all budgets. We also stock our very own range of Swell branded products including pond liners and treatments.
Similarly, we stock a terrific range of aquarium supplies. From a huge selection of fish tanks, to aquarium accessories that include fish tank lighting from specialists such as Arcadia and marine salt from leading brand, Red Sea. In total, we stock over 2,000 aquarium products to keep your fish as happy and healthy as possible.
The filter is the most important piece of equipment for any aquarium, but there is a huge array of models available, so how do you choose? Here’s our essential guide.
As with most aspects of life, the best nutrition for our pets is something we learn about constantly, and we are constantly aiming to improve all aspects of their husbandry, diet included. As each year passes and we gain...
It’s every pond owners’ nightmare – perfecting your pond, getting it all set up with your beautiful fish, and then some pesky bird coming through and attacking them. But how do you stop them? There are lots of products...