News
Japan Writers Conference, October 12–13, Tokyo
Despite the huge typhoon, the 2019 Japan Writers Conference was held at Meiji Gakuin University in Tokyo’s Minato ward on Sunday, October 13. Presenters and attendees from all over Japan and from as far away as Cyprus and Israel gathered to share and learn. Details, presentation abstracts, and program schedule are available on the JWC website. Co-organizers John Gribble and Karen McGee remind us that, as always, this annual event was free and open to all who wished to attend. All look forward to seeing what people shared with the writing... more
Swet Columns
Word Wise: Typically Troublesome
By Richard Medhurst
What is the ultimate bugbear translation term? If there was a vote, 代表的 might well be in the running. Both it and synonymous variations of を代表する are scattered across Japanese texts at a rate that can vex translators who want to keep their writing fresh.
The way 代表的 covers a broad range of meaning from neutral description through to positive praise is one aspect that influences choice of the best English word. For example, a list of 代表的なアレルギー症状, would... more
Articles
EVENT REPORT: Press Trips and Language Tips for Travel Media
By Rob Goss
On March 20, 2019, twelve people, including five first-timers, attended the latest SWET Travel Writing Meetup in Tokyo at Book House Cafe, Jinbocho, for a presentation by photographer Phil Ono about the handling of style issues in place-name signage used around the country and a presentation by travel writer Rob Goss about press trips for travel writers and issues with translating and editing travel- and tourism-related Japanese into English. (Note: A report of Phil Ono’s part of the... more
SWET Spotlight
Howard Hibbett: Scholar, Translator, Editor
By Joel Cohn
Howard Hibbett's name was not familiar to the general public, but among Anglophone scholars and students of Japanese literature it was very much one to be reckoned with. His contributions touched us in a variety of ways; many of them extended our understanding of Japanese culture in new directions, and virtually all of his work—be it as a scholar, a translator, a critic, or an editor—was of the highest standard.
Probably he was... more
A Community for Japan-Related Writing Professionals
Based in Tokyo, Japan, SWET comprises people engaged not only in the three professions of writing, editing, and translating, but also in teaching, research, rewriting, design and production, copywriting, and other areas related to the written word in Japan.
Upcoming Events
|Oct. 26, 2019
|SWET Talk Shop, Writing about Japan for the General Reader: A Workshop
|Nov. 20, 2019
|SWET Talk Shop, How to be Happily, Successfully Self-Employed
|Dec. 01, 2019
|A Talk with Suzanne Kamata in Kobe
|View all Upcoming Events
Job Board
|Sep. 30, 2019
|Full-time translator at U.S. Embassy Tokyo
|View all Job Postings