Member Login
Forgot Profile Name or Password?
Forgot Profile Name or Password?
Earn 50% of everything you bring in, forever. Not just on the first payment.
It's free to get started as a swinger affiliate!
You probably see a swinger everyday, only you don't see them. Chances are that your neighbor, an associate at work or even a family member is a swinger. The sexually free are found in every community, and within every demographic. The LifeStyle is growing and reaching new levels all the time.
Only a few years ago, before the Internet era, swingers were essentially a secret society, meeting each other through dating magazines purchased at adult bookstores. Because of that, it was difficult to even guess at how many swingers there were.
Adult Swingers now, on the other hand, we can make fairly good estimates -- based on information coming from a variety of sources (including the Internet).
Adult Swingers in the past, meeting another couple often took weeks of mailing photos and writing letters before the meeting actually took place. If you lucked out and happened to live near a swingers club, it probably wasn't a very attractive or "upscale" place.
Today, the LifeStyle is evolving and becoming more mainstream. As the quality of swinger events, websites and clubs improves, more people are willing to join the fun.
The Internet LifeStyle dating websites have proven to be an invaluable tool for couples and singles looking to find like-minded adults. Whether you're looking for something voyeuristic or a full-blown orgy, you can find it online. Looking for a gang-bang, or some bi fun? You can find it online. A recent search at www.SwingLifeStyle.com yields pages of matches, many of which are within a mile of where you are. Now that's a swinger next door.
Numerous studies and polls give widely varying results on how many swingers there really are. However, it's pretty safe to assume that no less than one-half of a percent of the U.S. population is actively involved in some sort of sexual activity that falls into the general category of swinging.
Whether it's same room sex, a threesome or even an orgy, many sexual activities are included. At a minimum these studies indicate that a lot of people are receptive to the idea of swinging.
Most likely, the percentage is much greater. As knowledge and freedom expand, so will the numbers that participate. Even given the low estimates of half a percent -- that equals 1.5 million in the U.S. alone, or about 1 out of every 100 people of a sexually active age. Many swingers, especially females, are active in the LifeStyle due to bisexual curiosity. The man at the grocery store who looked your wife up and down may not just be thinking about her being naked - he may be thinking about her being naked with his wife. While most swinging is about two couples sharing fun and swapping partners, many swingers regularly participate in threesomes. Virtually all men fantasize about having two girls, and many women admit to fantasizing about sex with two men.
Adult Swingers, as each generation enters sexual maturity, with less sexually repressed attitudes, they are increasingly willing to experiment. Just as it has become more socially acceptable to be gay or lesbian, sexual attitudes toward bisexuals and partner swapping are also changing. The taboo that society places on everything it categorizes as "out of the norm" has kept both homosexuals and swingers in the closet. But today it almost seems cool to be Gay. Perhaps in a few years, it will be the "in thing" to be a swinger.
Given the thousands of swinger clubs, resorts, conventions, websites, private parties and related events, it's easy to agree that swingers are everywhere. As information becomes more freely available via the Internet, more and more couples talk about it and decide to give it a try. In the past it was quite difficult and time consuming to meet like-minded people using the magazines gleaned from the adult bookstores and that made it easy to give up. With the Internet, you're only a few clicks away from finding thousands of swingers who are just what you're looking for. Even if you enter a distance range, age range and other basic criteria, there are still too many results to consider. Narrow that search down and you've found several perfect matches that are only a few miles away. Looking for a couple with a bisexual female, between 35 and 40, within 20 miles? It's easy to find hundreds of them on the Internet. Additionally, LifeStyle clubs are evolving, becoming more elegant and attracting a broader range of people. Frequently, people in the LifeStyle attend a party or club and run into someone they know from work or some other social activity. Most swingers have a story about just such an occurrence. It usually goes something like this: "My wife and I go to swinger's parties often and one party we went to was great -- until our neighbor and his wife walked in. I was shocked and concerned that the whole neighborhood would find out. After I got over the initial shock, I realized that my neighbor was thinking the same thing. Of course neither of us told anyone, and we're now great friends as well as neighbors."
Adult Swingers, or people in the LifeStyle don't often talk about their LifeStyle to others. All seem to be very aware of the unwritten rules of privacy. For that reason, you can feel pretty secure that you won't be ratted out; we're all in the LifeStyle together. I've personally run into swingers at work, at dinner, at a strip club, at a non-swinger party, at nude beaches and in many other places. It almost seems like swingers develop the same sort of "radar" that gays are supposed to have. You start to pick up on things that others don't notice: the couple at the local night club dancing a little too close, or a bit too risque. Or maybe it's the couple at the coffee house where the female is wearing something WAY too sexy for a coffee house -- especially on a Tuesday. What about the two couples you've seen, and then you can't figure out which of the males and females are together?
Adult Swingers, have you seen a neighbor walking from the front door to the car, wearing a long overcoat, in August? Maybe she's wearing something a bit too sexy under that coat. I've begun to notice some couples' reaction when a sexy lady walks by at the local pizza place. It's very interesting to see when they both turn to watch as she walks away. That's a pretty big clue. Yes, swingers are everywhere, and if you look, you'll see them. A few careful questions later, you'll be able to confirm that they are, in fact, swingers.
As Adult Swingers, we live in South Florida and are blessed with a variety of clubs to choose from. We have six clubs within a thirty-minute drive and each club is packed full of people every Saturday night. Each weekend there are also several private parties, hotel parties and other events from which to choose. With all the things for swingers to do, it's obvious there are plenty of people in the LifeStyle.
Adult Swingers are those interested in the LifeStyle who develop enough courage to investigate beyond the curiosity stage are often surprised when they discover how easy it is to find swingers so close to them. Those new to the LifeStyle often find that their preconceptions about the LifeStyle were way off. Swingers are not the middle-aged, overweight 1960's rejects as the stereotype suggests. They are normal people, the same people you see everywhere. They go to the grocery store, to the baseball game and to the movies. Swingers are not sexually deviant and perverse. They simply enjoy their sexuality and are more open about it than most.
For Adult Swingers, as the taboo of swinging starts to lift, people begin to realize it is a LifeStyle that allows them to define their own rules and have a good time without being judged. At a club or LifeStyle event you can dance however you want to, say whatever you feel, watch the sexy girls or most anything - without concern for "what other people think." The best part of it all is that most of the neighbors you encounter will have similar rules or are at least willing to abide by whatever rules you have set for yourself. Of course, if you want to party wildly and have sex with almost anyone (as the stereotype suggests) there are plenty of people to play with. If, on the other hand, you prefer friendship at first or only touching and fondling, there are plenty willing to do that as well. If you want to go out for dinner with a couple, maybe dance and drink, that's fine. Then if sparks begin to ignite you take it all the way. Many neighbors may be interested in the LifeStyle but have never done anything of the sort before. If they only knew you were in the LifeStyle, perhaps they would seek your advice or counsel. We have helped to introduce many that were interested in the LifeStyle, but needed a gentle hand to guide them.
This site does not contain sexually explicit images as defined in 18 U.S.C. 2256. Accordingly, neither this site nor the contents contained herein are covered by the record-keeping provisions of 18 USC 2257(a)-(c).
Disclaimer: This website contains adult material. You must be over 18 to enter or 21 where applicable by law. All Members are over 18 years of age.
Copyright © 1998-2019 DashBoardHosting, LLC. All Rights Reserved.