Skip to main content
Tableau Conference — fun that's off the charts
Get your ticket before they're gone
Learn more
Tableau Conference — fun that's off the charts
Get your ticket before they're gone
Learn more
Harness the power of your data. Unleash the potential of your people. Choose the analytics platform that disrupted the world of business intelligence. Choose Tableau.
Deploy at scale on the best-in-class analytics platform.
Learn More
Your data. Your product. Powered by Tableau.
Learn More
See how organizations around the world are using Tableau to create impact
Tableau helps with governance, enables productivity, and saves millions of dollars for Honeywell.
Sherri Benzelock, VP of Business Analytics Transformation, Honeywell
Tableau is probably the most significant step we've taken towards self-service BI.
Kevin Sonsky, Group Director, Business Intelligence, Citrix Systems
Tableau allows us to step out of the box and look at data in a totally different way.
Kevin King, Director, Reporting and Analytics, Coca-Cola Bottling Company
Tableau encourages and inspires curiosity in people.
Jon Boeckenstedt, AVP, Enrollment Policy and Planning, DePaul University
Tableau empowers the whole organization.
Alexs Thompson, Data Engineering Leader, Hallmark Cards
I wouldn’t want to do my job without Tableau.
Brian Mooneyham, VP, Enterprise Data & Analytics, Wells Fargo
With Tableau, we have 10,000-20,000 more hours of productivity. You can't really put a price on that.
Preetham Shanbhag, Senior Director, Financial Planning & Analysis, Operations and Transformation, Honeywell India, Honeywell India
We can combine data from different areas and gain new insights with Tableau.
Dr. Wolfgang Schwegle, Senior Manager, IT Development, Corporate Data Warehouse, and Business Intelligence, Lufthansa
Tableau allows us to create dashboards that provide actionable insights and drive the business forward.
Donald Lay, Senior Manager, Business Intelligence, Charles Schwab
%!(EXTRA string=5aea625d92b59f51c9df3da43e09380b)