TAMIL NADU ARASU CABLE TV CORPORATION LIMITED(TACTV)
TACTV was incorporated under Companies Act, 1956 on 04.10.2007 with an intention to provide high quality cable signals to the public at an affordable cost. To achieve the objective, high quality Digital Head Ends were installed at a cost of approximately Rs.8 Crore each at Thanjvur, Coimbatore, Tirunelveli and Vellore with control rooms and without control rooms at Madurai and Trichy.
Vision
The Vision is to provide high quality Cable TV, e-sevai and Internet services to the public at an affordable cost using the latest and emerging Technologies.
Mission
- To provide high quality Cable TV service to the public at an affordable cost through the LCOs.
- To provide enabling environment to facilitate livelihood to LCOs through cable TV and Internet services.
- To phase out Analog transmission and promote Digital Cable TV services.
- To establish role model e-sevai front offices for the benefit of the public.
- To provide high quality Internet service to the public at an affordable cost through the LCOs.
Objectives
- To reach out to the maximum customer base under the regulations of Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) for distribution of digital cable TV services.
- To promote livelihood of the LCOs registered with the Corporation.
- To provide citizen centric services through Arasu e-Sevai Centers in Local Bodies, Taluk Offices and District Collectorates.
- To provide Internet connectivity to every household.
Latest News
-
17 Oct
Tender for empanelment of suppliers for supply of Accessories for Cable TV Set Top Box and optic Fibre CableTender for empanelment of suppliers for supply of Accessories for Cable TV Set Top Box and optic Fibre Cable. Oct 17, 2019 | Read More
-
06 Mar
Tamil Nadu Arasu Cable TV Corporation (TACTV) intends to invite MIDDLEWARE service providers for offering a comprehensive solution to provide Middleware to the Standard Definition ( SD) and High Definition ( HD) set top BoxesTamil Nadu Arasu Cable TV Corporation (TACTV) intends to invite MIDDLEWARE service providers for offering a comprehensive solution to provide Middleware to the Standard Definition ( SD) and High Definition ( HD) set top Boxes. Mar 06, 2019 | Read More
-
11 Feb
Tamil Nadu Arasu Cable TV Corporation (TACTV) intends to invite SVOD services by provider for digital transmission throughout Tamil Nadu for a period of one yearTamil Nadu Arasu Cable TV Corporation (TACTV) intends to invite SVOD services by provider for digital transmission throughout Tamil Nadu for a period of one year. Feb 11, 2019 | Read More
-
08 Feb
Tamil Nadu Arasu Cable TV Corporation (TACTV) intends to auction Landing Channel allotment to the Broadcasters of Satellite Free-to-Air (FTA) and Pay channels which are not rated by collecting the Placement Fee for the allotment of Landing Channel in digital transmission throughout Tamil Nadu for a period 1.3.19 to 31.5.19(three months).Tamil Nadu Arasu Cable TV Corporation (TACTV) intends to auction Landing Channel allotment to the Broadcasters of Satellite Free-to-Air (FTA) and Pay channels which are not rated by collecting the Placement Fee for the allotment of Landing Channel in digital transmission throughout Tamil Nadu for a period 1.3.19 to 31.5.19(three months).. Feb 08, 2019 | Read More
-
05 Feb
Tamilnadu Arasu Cable TV Corporation Ltd. invites Expression of Interest (EoI) from the eligible Local Cable Operators who are willing to distribute the digital cable tv signalTamilnadu Arasu Cable TV Corporation Ltd. invites Expression of Interest (EoI) from the eligible Local Cable Operators who are willing to distribute the digital cable tv signal. Feb 05, 2019 | Read More