We know that nothing is more important to a parent than the security of their children and their children's information. That is why we have engineered our system to allow safe and secure sharing from provider to parent.
Not every parent has a smartphone. Communication from a child care provider must reach 100% of the children's parents.
Parents, grandparents, aunts and uncles. Everyone has access to email. For that reason we have chosen email as our primary means of communication. Right from your email you can play a video, share a photo, or reply right back to the director.
What did your child do today? Now you will always know. Photos and videos of your child's day give you a view of their day. Daily reports keep you informed of the daily activities and learning experiences that happen while you are at work.
Teachers today have to spend too much time with paper distractions such as taking attendance, writing lesson plans, and filling out daily reports. By carefully listening to our customers and integrating their feedback we have built an application which solves these problems faster than paper.
Our app runs on the low cost iPad mini, iPod Touch or the iPad. By focusing on only two devices we can not only provide a safer product, but also a better product. It's more safe because we know exactly how each device will perform for the teacher in the classroom. Battery life is more than a full day. We have opted to not support other devices because the experience and performance is too inconsistent across those devices. Fewer distractions means safer kids.
For teachers we recommend the iPad mini or iPod Touch device. Whether on the playground or on a field trip, all of the children's attendance and emergency contact information is at the teacher's fingertips. Any photos or videos captured will be stored on the device and uploaded as soon as the device is back in coverage.
No more running around for 15 minute counts. The Tadpoles dashboard offers a live view of the activity in your center. With no refreshing necessary, the classroom counts, attendance, and parent communications update in real time. There are no software installations and no per-user licenses so owners and directors can check on things easily and securely while away from the center.
Showing number of children in for each classroom.
With Tadpoles, there is no need for third party communication services like Constant Contact and AlertNow. Share daily reports, photos, videos, notes and reminders instantly to your parents' email throughout the day. Send emails out to your parents or notify all parents by text message of school closings or other urgent messages.
Nothing keeps parents happy like good communication and pictures of their children having fun and learning. Parents will love you and will show the pictures to their friends. What better way than to generate referrals and increase enrollment than from happy parents. Highlight Tadpoles on tours to easily increase conversions.
Share photos, videos, notes to parents throughout the day
Record meals, activities, naps, and more to daily reports
Prepare lesson plans up to 4 weeks in advance
Take attendance
Record classroom visitations
Combine / split classrooms
Mark children sick or on vacation
View medical and birthday reminders
View child allergy and emergency information
View guardian and medical information
View realtime counts per class
Manage classrooms
Manage children and their guardians
Manage employees
Manage child portfolios
Track 15 minute counts
Approve photos and videos before sending to parents
Take attendance
Mark children sick or on vacation
Track and export attendance details
View medical and birthday reminders
View 5 day enrollment graph
Send notes and newsletters to parents by email
Send emergency alerts by text message and email
Receive photos videos, notes by email
Download or share photos and videos of your children
Receive emergency alerts by text message
View your children's portfolio using our mobile application
Mark your child out sick or on vacation using our mobile application