The MF Timekeeper redefines class. In the race against time, stand out with this timeless classic..
Shop Now
About
Tractors and Farm Equipment Limited
TAFE – Tractors and Farm Equipment Limited, is an Indian tractor major incorporated in 1960 at Chennai, with an annual turnover of INR 93 billion (2014-15). The third-largest tractor manufacturer in the world and the second largest in India by volumes, TAFE wields about 25% market share of the Indian tractor industry with a sale of over 150,000 tractors (domestic and international) annually.
TAFE's partnership with AGCO Corporation and the Massey Ferguson brand for over 58 years is a stellar example of its commitment to building long-term relationships with its stakeholders, through fair and ethical business practices. TAFE is also a significant shareholder in AGCO Corporation, USA – a US $9.4 billion tractor and agricultural equipment manufacturer.
TAFE has earned the trust of customers through its range of products that are widely acclaimed for quality and low cost of operation. A strong distribution network of over 1000 dealers effectively backs TAFE’s four iconic tractor brands – Massey Ferguson, TAFE, Eicher and the recently acquired Serbian tractor and agricultural equipment brand IMT – Industrija Mašina i Traktora. TAFE exports tractors, both in partnership with AGCO and independently, powering farms in over 100 countries which include developed countries in Europe and the Americas.
Read More
Vision & Values
The philosophy that drives TAFE was first enunciated by its CMD in 1992. "To us in TAFE, Excellence is not something that we engineer, inspect and input into our tractors
Read More
Awards and Milestones
Landmarks in our journey of Cultivating the World have encouraged us to move forward with greater confidence towards the fruition of our vision to reality
Read More
History
The Amalgamations Group entered the tractor business in 1960. Simpson & Company was already making Perkins Diesel Engines and the founder chairman of the group
Read More
Amalgamations Group
The Amalgamations group is one of India's largest light engineering groups with interests in businesses that are predominantly in automobile components but also extend
Read More
TAFE Fast Facts
Massey Ferguson Tractors
Massey Ferguson - a world-renowned premium brand offering a wide variety of tractors and farm machinery is an icon in itself and has been reshaping the agricultural landscape of the world since over a century now. Recognized for its experience, innovation and superior build quality, this eminent global tractor brand offers one of the most comprehensive and versatile range of agricultural and utility tractors in the industry.
Our range of premium and technologically advanced Massey Ferguson brand of tractors serve every farmer and every new mechanization need. Crafted with the finesse of TAFE, the Massey Ferguson tractors are built to last.
EICHER Tractors
The EICHER brand of tractors are one of the oldest names in the industry, and with the all new and refreshing EICHER ‘E’ symbol, are a household name in India, and a respected mark of trust in various parts of the world. A reputed brand in the agricultural vista, EICHER tractors are renowned for their high value for money proposition, providing cost-effective and proficient products packed with some of the finest global technology. Synonymous with ruggedness and reliability, EICHER tractors are efficient, economical and offer an Ummeed Se Zyada, (translated means “it exceeds expectations”) experience.
Blended with precision technology and the promise of TAFE, there is an EICHER tractor for everything and a tractor for all.
TAFE Tractors
Labeled under our signature brand, the TAFE range of tractors is tough, durable and efficient. With an established presence in Africa, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and parts of Europe, the robust utility tractors from TAFE are known for their dependability and relevantly optimized technology.
The TAFE tractors have proven their mettle in working with vivid soil conditions and for a wide range of applications to cultivate various geographies around the world.
Built to the taste of the land, a TAFE tractor is synonymous to toughness and stands for high standards of precision build quality, housing the expertise of TAFE acquired over decades of its being.
IMT Tractors
With a history stretching back to over 70 years, IMT - Industrija mašina i traktorais a Serbian tractor and agriculture equipment manufacturing company and is one of the most popular tractor brands in Eastern Europe, Northern Africa and the Balkans.
The first factory was founded in 1947 as the central foundry. In 1949, the central foundry and a few local companies were consolidated to form a new company, the Metal Institute which later became to be known as Industrija mašina i traktora (Serbian for ‘Industry of Machinery and Tractors’). TAFE, which had a long association with IMT, acquired IMT in the year 2018. TAFE’s association with IMT spans many decades through business cooperationthat involved the supply of components, aggregates and technical support.
IMT is a pioneer in farm mechanization and tractor technology. Our tractors, which range between 35 hp to 220 hp, are suitable for cultivating agricultural land, vineyards &orchards and for infrastructure applications. Our products draw strength from the indigenous R&D and the robust technology that we have built over the past decades.
Harvesters
Harvesters are one of the most valuable pieces of machinery used by farmers globally. Performing a combination of functions, harvesters are impressive, not only because of the amount of time and physical effort they save, but also because of the minimal residue they leave behind.
With great emphasis on quality, TAFE’s combine harvesters are field-tested to ensure high efficiency, a greater range of visibility and operator comfort.
AgriStar Implements
While tractorization is restricted to primary and secondary tillage and substantial use of haulage, and with the cost benefit equation changing with increase in labour, it is important to provide models of mechanization that are relevant to small and marginal farms.
With a foresight that moving from tractorization to spearheading mechanization is the key to improve farm productivity and rein in labor costs, TAFE has been collaborating with world technology leaders to establish its Applications Business Unit (ABU) to efficiently answer the emerging needs of the global farming community.
TMTL & EICHER Gensets
TMTL Engines Division is a unit of TAFE Motors and Tractors Limited (TMTL) with Alwar, Rajasthan, India, as its manufacturing base. TMTL is a wholly owned subsidiary of Tractors and Farm Equipment Limited (TAFE), part of Chennai based Amalgamations Group, which is one of India's largest light engineering conglomerates. The Amalgamations Group has a long and distinguished history of serving Indian and global markets with a pan India presence of over 41 companies and is renowned for its highest standards of integrity, ethics and values, backed by a highly skilled and competent workforce of over 15,000.
EICHER Agro Engines
Marketed under the Eicher Engines brand, Agro Engines manufactures superior quality diesel engines in the range 12 – 46 hp. These engines are robust, low maintenance, fuel efficient and serve as an additional source of revenue to farmers and our rural customers. In a short span of time, the brand has earned the trust of most customers and is one of the most preferred brand names in the range.
Hydraulic Cylinders
TAFE Access Limited – Hydraulic Cylinder Division was established in the year 2009, with a vision to emerge as one of the largest organization in the field of fluid power in India.
Engineering Plastics
The Engineering Plastics Division of TAFE (TAFE-EPD) manufactures high precision tools and custom moulded engineering plastics at its state-of-the-art facility in Bengaluru, Karnataka, and Maraimalai Nagar near Chennai, Tamil Nadu.
Gears & Transmission Components
TAFE's gears division is located at Kelambakkam near JFarm and has a capacity to produce 40,000 crown wheels and pinions a year. The capacity is essentially used for captive consumption by TAFE’s tractors.
Batteries
TAFE - Power Source Division (PSD), established in 1993, has made giant strides in the area of lead acid batteries. Today TAFE PSD is one of India's largest battery makers, with three state-of-the-art plants located in Maraimalai Nagar, Tamil Nadu, manufacturing a whole range of batteries for varied applications.
Vehicle Franchises
In 1998 TAL ventured into vehicle franchise business with a dealership for a variety of passenger cars and utility vehicles. The Vehicle Franchise Division of TAL markets TATA passenger vehicles in specific towns in Tamil Nadu and Škoda cars in Karnataka.
Hydraulic Pumps
TAFE Access Limited (TAL) is a wholly owned subsidiary of TAFE - Tractors and Farm Equipment Limited, and one of two authorized sites in the world to manufacture scotch-yoke hydraulic pumps for Massey Ferguson tractors. TAL’s Hydraulic Pumps Division located at Pudupakkam near Chennai
TAFE TRIBE | Original TAFE Merchandise
The MF Timekeeper
The MF Timekeeper redefines class. In the race against time, stand out with this timeless classic..
MF Minilight
A unique blend of utility and style, this torch with 9 LED lights and steel finish is the perfect, handy travel aid.
Shop Now
Insignia ReTractor
Clip your ID Tags to the Insignia ReTractor which can extend up to 60cm and never worry about misplacing them again...
Shop Now
House for Cards
A compact and elegant business card holder with magnetic closure. The textured leather finish gives a premium feel making it a perfect accessory for your business meets.
Shop Now
Insignia Tie
This premium, classic piece of elegance in microfiber is a cut above the rest.
Shop Now
Magna Silk Stole
Woven in silk in hues of orange and gray, the Magna Silk Stole is an inimitable style statement worthy of everyone's attention.
Shop Now
Sporty Red Cap
The Sporty Red Cap is an attention magnet. Made of smooth premium fabric with a velvet
Shop Now
TAFE in the NEWS
TAFE Appoints Sandeep Sinha as CEO
Happening @ TAFE
TAFE’s ‘Be a #FarmDost’ digital movement recognized for highlighting the importance of farmers and the Farming profession
The Tractors and Farm Equipment Limited (TAFE) – ‘Be a #FarmDost‘ – initiative has been at the forefront of highlighting... Read More
TAFE successfully acquires iconic IMT tractor brand
Tractors and Farm Equipment Limited – TAFE, the world’s third largest tractor manufacturer by volume... Read More
Ms. Mallika Srinivasan recognized as ‘Outstanding Woman Entrepreneur’ by ET
TAFE Chairman & CEO, Ms. Mallika Srinivasan was awarded in the ‘Outstanding Woman Entrepreneur’ category at the maiden edition of The Economic Times Family Business Awards... Read More
TAFE wins 3 awards at Frost & Sullivan’s GMLA 2018
Frost & Sullivan has announced that TAFE – Tractors and Farm Equipment Limited, has won 3 awards in the “Frost & Sullivan Global Manufacturing Leadership Award”... Read More
Mega Delivery of over 100 MF 6028 tractors brings cheer to orchard owners
A wave of red Massey Ferguson tractors dotted the green orchards of Nashik at Massey Ferguson’s Mega Tractor Delivery... Read More