Welcome! 楽しい Japanese is a site dedicated to making learning the Japanese language a fun and enjoyable experience for you. You will find here a Japanese to English dictionary, various fun games, interactive lessons, cultural resources and a friendly community which will help you to read, write and speak Japanese, and allow you to share your passion about the Japanese culture. So, whether you are just beginning your journey learning about this beautiful culture and its language, are wanting to understand the latest anime and jdrama without the need for subtitles, or are looking to improve your fluency in preparation for working or living in Japan, there are a number of helpful tools and resources here that you may use.
Featured Practice Game See All »
Crosswords
Practice your Japanese vocabulary and learn new words by completing fun crossword puzzles.
Latest Video Lessons See All »
Learn Japanese with Anime - I Put A Spell On It So It'll Give Back Your Strength
In this video we’re going to analyse Haku’s quote from Spirited Away (Sen to Chihiro no Kamikakushi) (anime scene edited).
Learn Japanese with Anime - Thank You, For Finding Me In This Corner Of The World
In this video we’re going to analyse Suzu Hojo’s quote from In This Corner of the World (Kono Sekai no Katasumi ni).
Learn Japanese with Anime - Hang In There, Kakarot! You are Number One!
In this video we’re going to analyse Vegeta’s quote from Dragon Ball Z.
Featured Tip
Using the Mini-Dictionary
Highlight any Japanese word in this site, and the mini dictionary will pop up and show you the meaning and pronunciation, with a shortcut to the dictionary entry. Now isn't that a convenient feature?!
Latest Blog Entries See All »
Crowds!
Meeting the natives in their natural habitat :)
Let's go on a journey and experience the wonders of flight
While travelling with planes is already fun, security checks on airports are the cherry on top that makes the whole experience something really special.
Choco Ramen Sundae?!! You're Crazy!!!
Chocolate Ramen Sundae?? Surely not. Just the thought of it is preposterous. Surely it will be disgusting ... or will it?
Please enjoy your visit, we hope this site can be of great benefit to you in your studies!
Happy Learning!