Features
Tardigrade offers a list of following features
Materials
A quick study material which comprises of formulae, theorems & definitions etc. Which helps while solving problems during practice and test.
Textbook
Access any chapter from the textbooks anywhere prescribed by CBSE board and prepared by NCERT.
Practise
Practice always makes you perfect. Keep practising questions of different difficulty levels at your own pace.
Test
Experience the feel of online entrance exams with Tardigrade tests, which will reflect your preparation level & boost your confidence.
Analytics
Discover your strengths and weaknesses with our in depth analytics, where you get subject and chapter wise analysis of your performance.
Previous Year Papers
Take test and practice 10+ years of question papers which will give you insights about the exam pattern and level of difficulty.
Leaderboard
Leaderboard is designed to know where you stand, among your competitors and motivates you to improve your performance.
Bookmark
Bookmark important questions and materials while learning & practising, which can be accessed later with a single click.
Exams
Tardigrade will provide updated information regarding all the exams such as application form, important dates, counselling and more.
Dashboard
Dashboard is an index for all your activities, it shows all important information on your performance.
What is a TARDIGRADE?
Lets know some unbelievable facts about the virtually indestructible, toughest creature on earth.
Intense Pressure
Tardigrade species withstand pressure of 6,000 times atmospheric pressure and 6 times the pressure of earth deepest ocean the Mariana Trench
Self-Repairing DNA
Tardigrades can repair their damaged DNA with the help of a protein called "dsup" after being exposed to heavy radiation
Older than Dinosaurs
Scientists estimate that tardigrades have been around for 600 million years and Dinosaurs first appeared about 230 million years ago
No Food & Water
Tardigrades can survive up to 30 years without water and food. With the help of dehydrated state it can lose up to 99 per cent of its water content.
Extreme Heat
Survival instinct is very high, they can with stand to solar winds, live through being boiled in alcohol, heated to temperatures over +300˚F (150˚ C)
Vacuum of the Space
Except the Tardigrade, no living creatures has survived in the vacuum of the space without protection. It was tested out In 2007 by the European Space Agency.
High Radiation
Tardigrades can withstand 1,000 times more radiation, median lethal doses of gamma rays and heavy ions than other animals
Frozen & Defrosted
A team of scientists from Japan defrosted and successfully revived the tardigrades that had been frozen for 30 years
Intense Pressure
Tardigrade species withstand pressure of 6,000 times atmospheric pressure and 6 times the pressure of earth deepest ocean the Mariana Trench
Self-Repairing DNA
Tardigrades can repair their damaged DNA with the help of a protein called "dsup" after being exposed to heavy radiation
Older than Dinosaurs
Scientists estimate that tardigrades have been around for 600 million years and Dinosaurs first appeared about 230 million years ago
No Food & Water
Tardigrades can survive up to 30 years without water and food. With the help of dehydrated state it can lose up to 99 per cent of its water content.
Happy Users
What our users saying about us
K Karthik
12th Standard, preparing for JEE & KCET
I love Tardigrade, because it is simple, effective and easy to use. Their advanced analytics and adaptive learning helps me to improve in time management and build effective strategy to crack my exams.
Ansiya Prasad
Preparing for KCET, COMEDK, NEET & AIIMS
Tardigrade materials and textbooks helped me to learn anywhere and any time. each and every practise and test contain detailed analytics which tells where i am doing mistakes and needs to improve.
Mahesh V
12th Standard, preparing for KCET & NEET
Analytics is my favourite in Tardigrade. It helps in identifying my strength and weak areas in each chapter and subject. Now, im concentrating more on my weak areas. Thanks to Tardigrade.
Radha P
Preparing for BITSAT, VITEEE and JEE Main
I have been using Tardigrade from few months and my experience is simply amazing. I like leaderboard which gives me subjectwise and chapterwise ranking for every week and every month
Nikhil Kumar C R
11th Standard
Tardigrade materials and textbooks helped me to learn better. I used bookmarks to save difficulty and tricky questions for solving later during online tests and practise
K Karthik
12th Standard, preparing for JEE & KCET
I love Tardigrade, because it is simple, effective and easy to use. Their advanced analytics and adaptive learning helps me to improve in time management and build effective strategy to crack my exams.
Ansiya Prasad
Preparing for KCET, COMEDK, NEET & AIIMS
Tardigrade materials and textbooks helped me to learn anywhere and any time. each and every practise and test contain detailed analytics which tells where i am doing mistakes and needs to improve.