Company Law - The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) has, vide notification dated 22nd October, 2019, notified the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Fifth Amendment Rules, 2019 which shall substitute Rule 6 of the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014. The amendment rules shall come into force w.e.f. 1...Read More
Company Law - MOA –MOA in legal terminology means memorandum of association of a Company as originally framed or as altered from time to time in pursuance of Companies Act, 2013 or any former Company laws....Read More
Finance - CIBIL stands for Credit Information Bureau (India) Limited which is a part of “transunion” an american multinational group. It maintains credit files of around 600 million individuals and 32 million businesses. TransUnion is one of four credit bureaus operating in India and is majorly trusted by banks and Financial institutions due...Read More
Company Law - Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) vide its Notifications dated 22/10/2019 has introduced – – Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Director) Fifth Amendment Rules, 2019, – Companies (Creation and Maintenance of databank of Independent Directors) Rules, 2019 and – Companies (Accounts) Amendment Rules, 2019. whic...Read More
Goods and Services Tax - In June, the Central Board of Indirect Taxes and Customs (CBIC) had issued a circular which said that dealers will have to pay 18 per cent GST on the post-sale discount that they get from the suppliers of goods, if the supplier asks them to pass on the concessions to the end consumer. The circular came out with different situations wher...Read More
Goods and Services Tax - Please follow the following steps to find a resolution or lodge a complaint related to GST portal related issues: Please enter the keyword related to issue / complain being faced by you in the Type of Issue/Concern box under REPORT ISSUE/ COMPLAINT tab, after clicking the link as provide above....Read More
CA, CS, CMA - It has been noted that the Application based service provider Aggregators are having features which are not covered exclusively in any one of the above Guidelines. Further, these Application based service provider Aggregators are also having certain features which are not covered in both of the abovementioned Guidelines. Therefore, it is ...Read More
Company Law - Extension of last date for filing of Form No. IEPF - 1A under the Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016...Read More
Goods and Services Tax - We are happy to announce One Day GST workshop for effective GST Audits and Annual Returns. The workshop would cover clause wise clause detailed Analysis for Form GSTR 9, GSTR 9C along with GST Audit tool for GST Health Check-up. We are having workshops at Mumbai on 27th July 2019 and on 2nd August 2019 at New Delhi....Read More
Goods and Services Tax - We are happy to announce the release of our thoroughly revised detailed book on GST titled A Complete Analysis on GST – November 2019 Edition...Read More
Prakashsinh Hathisinh Udavat Vs State of Gujarat (Gujarat High Court) - Prakashsinh Hathisinh Udavat Vs State of Gujarat (Gujarat High Court) It is the case of the petitioner that the aforesaid seizure of his car and mobile phones was made without following the provisions of section 67 of the GGST Act and rule 139 of the Central Goods and Service Tax Rules, 2017 (herein...Read More
In re Tarun Realtors Private Limited (GST AAR Karnataka) - In re Tarun Realtors Private Limited (GST AAR Karnataka) The provision of facilities like transformers, sewage treatment plant, Electrical Wiring and Fixtures, Surveillance systems, D.G. Sets, Lifts, Air Handling Units etc. are sine-qua-non for a commercial mall and hence cannot he considered separa...Read More
In re M/s Acharya Shree Mahashraman Chaturmas Prava Vyvastha Samiti Trust (GST AAR Karnataka) - The applicant is liable to pay tax in renting of temporary residential rooms for consideration to the devotees and renting of space for shops and stalls....Read More
Sh. Vasantbhai Bhikabhai Patel Vs M/s Shree Infra (National Anti-Profiteering Authority) - Sh. Vasantbhai Bhikabhai Patel Vs M/s Shree Infra (National Anti-Profiteering Authority) We have carefully considered the Report of the DGAP, the submissions of the Respondent and all the documents placed on record. From the perusal of the DGAP’s Report it is revealed that the ratio of ITC to ...Read More
In re Sri Roopesh Kumar (GST AAR Karnataka) - M/s KRIDL is established by the Government of Karnataka and the State Government has full control over the organisation and hence the KRIDL is a Government Entity and hence the second condition is also satisfied. Hence the services provided by the applicant to KRIDL are covered under the entry no.3 ...Read More
MahaRERA Order No. 12 - (23/10/2019) - MahaRERA has established MahaRERA Conciliation and Dispute Resolution Forum for resolving disputes between the allotees and the promoters to facilitate the resolution of disputes amicably. Accordingly, new application was introduced by MahaRERA for filing online applications before the Maharashtra C...Read More
MahaRERA Order No: 11 - (23/10/2019) - The complaints should be filed with MahaRERA, in accordance with Section 31 of the Real Estate (Development and Regulation) Act, 2016 read with rule 6 and 7 of The Maharashtra Real Estate (Regulation & Development) (Recovery of Interest, Penalty, Compensation, fine payable, Forms of Complaints and A...Read More
G.S.R. (E). - (22/10/2019) - Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Fifth Amendment Rules, 2019 shall come into force with effect from the 1st day of December, 2019....Read More
G.S.R. (E) - (22/10/2019) - (1) These rules may be called the Companies (Creation and Maintenance of databank of Independent Directors) Rules, 2019. (2) The provisions of these rules, other than rule 2 and 5, shall come into force with effect from the 1st day of December, 2019....Read More
Notification No. 58/2019-Customs (N.T./CAA/DRI) - (21/10/2019) - Regarding Appointment of CAA by DGRI vide Notification No. 58/2019-Customs (N.T./CAA/DRI) dated the 21st October, 2019. Government of India Ministry of Finance (Department of Revenue) Central Board of Indirect Taxes and Customs Directorate of Revenue Intelligence Notification No. 58/2019-Customs (...Read More
Organising your business in the form of Private Limited Company has got its own advantages such as Limited Liability of the owners, Perpetual existence, Better Image and credi...Read More
A person becomes senior citizen under Income Tax Act in any year after attaining the age of 60 even for one day. Once he attains 60 years, his status as senior citizen in that...Read More
EXISTING AND EMERGING FRAMEWORK OF TAX PLANNING AND INTERNATIONAL TAXATION (LATEST AND SIMPLIFIED) Tax Planning assumes significance in a growing economy like India. We need c...Read More
Certain income of non-resident, inter-alia, dividend, interest, royalty or fees for technical services shall be taxable as per the rates prescribed under the Income-tax Act or...Read More
The individual resident taxpayer, being a person with a disability, is eligible to avail deduction under section 80U of the Income Tax Act and the provisions attached with the...Read More
Deduction under section 80TTB was introduced for the first time in Budget 2018. Section 80TTB provides a deduction to senior citizens towards interest earned on deposits. The ...Read More
Bulk Data Income Tax Calculator for Multiple Employees for Financial Year 2019-20 / Assessment Year 2020-21 and Bulk TDS Calculation (Salary) in Excel I have already uploaded ...Read More
Most Indians see tax evasion as a mark of smartness. If the government allows you a tax break, you are free to take it. If there is a legal way you can save some of your hard-...Read More
Depreciation Calculator Version 2 –Compliant to Schedule II of Companies Act 2013 : Financial Year 2015-16 to Fy 2019-20 enabled - 1. Calculation of Depreciation and WDV f...Read More
Block of Assets :-The expressions Assets and Blocks of Assets w.e.f. 1-4-1999 shall mean a group of assets falling within a class of assets comprising:–Tangible Assets being...Read More
Different tax rates have been provided for various categories of taxpayers and for different sources of income. Individuals/HUFs/AOP/BOI are taxed as per the different slab ra...Read More
Country wise Withholding tax rate on Dividend (not being covered under Section 115-O), Interest, Royalty and Fee for Technical Services as updated with amendment carried out b...Read More