Shop Our Collection
Teabox offers a handpicked selection of the freshest and the finest teas from India and Nepal. Our catalog features
a wide selection of single-origin teas from over 150 tea gardens across Darjeeling, Assam, Kangra, the Nilgiris, and
Nepal. In addition, there is an exciting range of iced teas, flavored and non-flavored blends to choose from.
SOURCED FROM THE
BEST PLACES ON EARTH
We work directly with over 150 tea growers across India and Nepal to source the best tea there is. We make sure every selection we send out is fresher and tastier than any tea you've ever had.Learn More
Why Teabox is the Freshest
Teabox connects tea to people. Not to distributors. Not to resellers. But to tea drinkers.Learn More
Over 100 million cups.
To 117 countries.
We are a culture that’s changing the way tea is perceived and consumed, one cup at a time.Learn More
In The Spotlight
-
Tulsi Green
A strong, uplifting cup with soothing notes of holy basil.
A strong, uplifting cup with soothing notes of holy basil.£ 5.503.5 oz /100 gm | 50 cupsbuy now
Namsang Classic Summer Black Tea
Robust, brisk and full-bodied, this Assam has a malty aroma with muted notes of dates a...
Robust, brisk and full-bodied, this Assam has a malty aroma with muted notes of dates a...£ 5.503.5 oz /100 gm | 40 cupsbuy now
Margaret's Hope Classic Spring B...
A mild cup, slightly brisk with sweet green flavor and citrusy accents.
A mild cup, slightly brisk with sweet green flavor and citrusy accents.£ 12.503.5 oz /100 gm | 40 cupsbuy now
-
Kesar Rose Chai
A sweet dessert-like blend to mark the festivities, this tea is delicate and exotic wit...
A sweet dessert-like blend to mark the festivities, this tea is delicate and exotic wit...£ 5.503.5 oz /100 gm | 40 cupsbuy now
Kewra Delight Oolong
A Teabox exclusive Diwali blend with a delightful floral aroma and flavor.
A Teabox exclusive Diwali blend with a delightful floral aroma and flavor.£ 5.501.8 oz /50 gm | 20 cupsbuy now
Paan Rose Green
A sumptuous blend made with flavors unique to the subcontinent. Just right after a Diwa...
A sumptuous blend made with flavors unique to the subcontinent. Just right after a Diwa...£ 5.503.5 oz /100 gm | 25 cupsbuy now
-
Jungpana Exotic Summer Muscatel ...
A hallmark Darjeeling second flush with bright and complex fruity traits, nuanced muski...
A hallmark Darjeeling second flush with bright and complex fruity traits, nuanced muski...£ 35.503.5 oz /100 gm | 40 cupsbuy now
Dikom Classic Summer Black Tea
A sweet, full-bodied cup with a mellow mouthfeel and classic Assam maltiness.
A sweet, full-bodied cup with a mellow mouthfeel and classic Assam maltiness.£ 8.503.5 oz /100 gm | 40 cupsbuy now
Nepal Breakfast Tea
A rich woody tea with soft notes of unripe tree fruit and distinct raw flavor.
A rich woody tea with soft notes of unripe tree fruit and distinct raw flavor.£ 6.503.5 oz /100 gm | cupsbuy now
What Our Customers Say
Alyssa Semerdjian
"The package arrived soon and had 3 complementary tea samplers that I would not have ordered. They are great. Very thoughtful of Teabox. I haven't opened any of the teas yet but a friend of mine had some of Teabox Bombay Cutting Chai and let me try it. I loved it. Now, I'm sure I'm going to love your other teas too. I plan on ordering more from you soon in the future."
Arcata, California, United States
Marion Ware
"Amazing quality, product choice, and customer service. Tracking the order is also a great convenience. Was delivered within days. Thank you Teabox!"
Melbourne Victoria, Australia
Benjamin S Echols
"Your teas are the best. Ordering is quick, easy, and unstressful. The teas arrive on time and well packed, with clear descriptions and instructions. Thanks!"
Hillsboro, Oregon, United States
From the Blog
Explore Our Collection
Why Teabox is the Freshest
Teabox connects tea to people. Not to distributors. Not to resellers. But to tea drinkers.
Customer Choice
Tea Of The Week
Updating...
Shop With Us
-
-
-
- Speciality
- Best Selling
- New
- Samples
-
- Business
- Corporate Gifting
- Affiliates Programme
-
- Retails LocationsNew
- India
-
-
- Customer Service
- Shipping & Delivery
- Help Desk
- Contact Us
-
- Our Policies
- Terms of Use
- Security
- Privacy Policy
- Rewards
Subscribe to our Newsletter
Get 10% off on your first purchase
About Teabox.com
Teabox is an online tea shop that delivers, every single day, the freshest Indian teas from estates in Darjeeling, Assam, and the Nilgiris as well as freshest teas from Nepal to tea lovers everywhere.
As a company, we believe tea is so much more than just a staple part of mornings and meals. An exceptional cup of tea, for us, has a more exalted place in the everyday life.
Why Teabox.com
We believe tea is endlessly engaging, brings people together, provides a sense of peace and well-being, and grants of a moment to yourself when you most need it. Great tea touches upon art, defines a sense of culture, marks a ritual, and offers a sense of connoisseurship. But a truly remarkable cup of tea is one which enhances the everyday.
This is the goal we are trying to achieve through our tea store - to bring great tea into the everyday life.
Freshest teas that make a delicious cup
So, what makes our teas great? Well, it’s got a lot to do with freshness. And the reason why freshness matters is because tea is an agricultural product. So, fresher tea tastes better and is healthier. We buy the first pick of every season and take utmost care when it comes to storage and packaging. We work directly with tea growers who know to hand-select tea leaves for their texture, color, scent, and purity. And by sourcing the highest-quality Indian teas directly from the most capable and most interesting growers and estates, Teabox’s online tea shop makes it easy for anyone—from tea experts to complete novices—to experience the freshness, delicate aromas, flavors, and authenticity that fine loose-leaf tea has to offer. We can do this because we’re based in the same foothills and gardens where our teas are grown.
Shopping with Teabox.com
With Teabox, shopping for fresh loose-leaf tea from India is easy because you make an informed purchase and you know exactly where your tea is coming from. Every batch of tea we procure is put up on our online tea store along with its invoice number, date of plucking, specialty and tea grade. And so, every time you sip one of our expert-curated teas, you are in the company of the most authentic tea experience there is.
For someone who loves tea, commitment to good tea comes naturally. We are trying to uphold this commitment every day with Teabox.
Disclaimer:
1. Any or all deals offered on/by any or all third party portals, platforms, marketplaces, and affiliate sites cannot be claimed on Teabox.com and Teabox.com is not liable to fulfil such claims.
2. Any or all deals must be claimed with the third party portals, platforms, marketplaces, and affiliate sites where such offers have appeared. Teabox.com will not and is not bound to fulfil such claims.