Frequently Asked Questions
-
- How is Banzai free?
Banzai is 100% free for educators and students. Completely. No strings, no catch. Hundreds of banks and credit unions around the country, who care about teaching young people to be financially responsible, generously sponsor Banzai in their local communities.
Do I have a sponsor?
When you sign up and tell us which school you're at, Banzai will reveal your sponsor. If you don't have a sponsor, don't worry! You can still use Banzai on the web, at no cost, with no sponsor. Banzai's software is completely open and ready to use by any teacher, anywhere.
-
- How does Banzai align with my curriculum?
Click here to see how Banzai aligns with standards of learning (SOLs) in your state.
-
- What does Banzai teach?
Banzai features three financial literacy courses: Banzai Junior, for elementary-age students, Banzai Teen, for junior and senior high schools and Banzai Plus, a new, advanced course for high school-age students. Banzai is supplemental, however, it's designed to teach your students about finance using experience-based learning techniques to make its curriculum memorable and impactful.
See the Banzai Junior course overview here, the Banzai Teen overview here and the Banzai Plus course overview here.
-
- How long does it take?
Banzai is flexible. It is designed to fit your schedule. At a minimum, plan two to five classroom hours to complete Banzai. If you are looking to fill more classroom hours, consider teaching from the Teacher's Edition of Life Scenarios, which contains additional resources to expand the curriculum, while your students complete the activities online.
-
- What age groups is Banzai appropriate for?
In Banzai, there are three courses: Banzai Junior for elementary grade students (ages 8 thru 12), Banzai Teen, designed for middle, junior high, and high school students (ages 13 to 18) and Banzai Plus, for advanced classes (ages 16 and up).
When you sign up, you can manage multiple classes and choose the courses that fit best.