The very best KS3, GCSE and A Level Computer Science Resources
Exceptionally high quality resources and engaging tasks
Teachers – save hours of preparation time
Brand new resources for the new GCSE, AS and A Level Computer Science specifications
You get access to all of the editable materials for KS3, KS4 and KS5 – no need to buy a separate subscription
All theory notes written by computer specialists and tasks by qualified teachers
All resources available 24/7.
Testimonial - Teacher
Thank you so much for all your dedicated effort on the site. The new layout and the very comprehensive resources in the new GCSE section are great, thank you. My students can pick from one of the many lesson tasks for each section of the syllabus and this means that they can all find something that they find interesting. They are building up a large bank of resources for revision and they are actively engaging with the website at home. This is saving me lots of stress and time and is in my opinion a must have resource for the course. My students and I are happy customers.
Rich Glenn, Head of Computer Science, Longridge Towers School
Testimonial - Teachers
"Just to say that I think your website is excellent and I have used it over many years. It is so useful, I actually don't know what I'd do without it!"
Bob Walker, Ripon Grammar School (teacher)
"I wanted to thank you at Teach-ICT for the fantastic resources that you have supplied in relation to the OCR AS level Computer Science qualification. They are invaluable and very helpful both to my colleagues, my students and myself".
Mr S Johnson, Great Wyrley High School (teacher)
Testimonial - Students
"I just wanted to say thank you so much for your website, it's got me through my A Level"
Student, St Francis of Assisi Catholic Technology College
"Thanks for making this website, it helped me a lot during computing lessons"
Student, Bridge Learning Campus
Testimonial - Parent
"Thank you so much for this website. My son is studying the OCR A level in computing, and the books that he uses are sometimes less than clear. You can then spend ages trying to find information on the internet. Your website is written in plain English and is so easy to understand. We've spent hours trying to understand a particular aspect of the course, so it was a godsend to discover your website, particularly as it supports the OCR course. Thanks once again!"