Teamweek’s project planner puts people first. The visually stunning timeline makes it easy to optimize your team member’s schedules and deliver every project on time.
Plan people’s time more effectively with a clear, visual overview of what everyone’s working on. Grow your business faster with better forecasting for when you can take on new clients, tackle new projects, and hire new talent.
A Planning Tool That’s “A Joy to Use”
Everyone loves our simple drag-and-drop interface and beautiful visual layout.
Boost your team’s productivity with checklists
Break major tasks down into steps, then check each item off the list when it’s complete.
Stay on the same page with instant updates
Teamweek makes it easy to plan and collaborate in
"Seriously, you guys have saved me. I need to manage many time-sensitive tasks for myself and other artists, and since I found Teamweek I've finally been able to easily move tasks around in the calendar & between artists. A deadline change? Boom, drag and drop, no morning headache!"
Inés Robin, game artist at Product Madness
"Before Teamweek, things were a lot more chaotic. I think it added a lot of structure to the business that we didn’t have before. When it was introduced to the company, it changed things around."
Chanel Kennedy, studio manager at Boiler Room
"Seriously, you guys have saved me. I need to manage many time-sensitive tasks for myself and other artists, and since I found Teamweek I've finally been able to easily move tasks around in the calendar & between artists. A deadline change? Boom, drag and drop, no morning headache!"
Inés Robin, game artist at Product Madness
"Before Teamweek, things were a lot more chaotic. I think it added a lot of structure to the business that we didn’t have before. When it was introduced to the company, it changed things around."
Chanel Kennedy, studio manager at Boiler Room
Sign up for Teamweek
Try it free for 14 days.
Name your first project
Off-load the details for your most stressful project here.
See the full picture
Balance big-picture planning and day-to-day team management with ease.
Whiteboards need to be constantly updated, and they don’t travel with you out of the office. Spreadsheets are overly complicated, and you’ll always wonder if you have the most up-to-date information. Many project planning software tools take weeks to onboard and are overly complicated.
Teamweek is easy to use, in the office and on the go. With real-time updates, you can be confident that you’ve got the most up-to-date information. When plans change, adjust your timeline with a single click.
With Teamweek, you’ll always know what your team is working on, even when you’re juggling dozens of projects at once.
Teamweek helps you visualize your team’s workload, monitor progress, and
manage the details, all from a single easy-to-use dashboard.
Discover how top creative leaders use Teamweek to manage their teams.