What is blue Collar jobs?
When you heard this term, first question pop up in our mind is what exactly this blue collar jobs is? Why this term is trending and very much popular now a days. Blue collar job also called manual work force, and it is a primary key factor in industrial sectors such as Logistics, Food Industry, Construction, Manufacturing, Warehousing, Agriculture, Transportation, Beauty, Telecom and Retail sector for both entry-level and experienced employees.
There are huge number of Blue collar job vacancies for 9th pass, 10th pass, 12th pass, Diploma and degree candidates across India. But the percentage of workers or employees placed to the companies who hiring for blue collar workers such as Plumber, Fitter, Mechanic, Electrician, Beautician, Driver, Delivery, Staff nurse, Data entry, Cook/Chef, Security, and Maid/Nanny is very low. Teamlease.com tries to reduce this gap by matching the right employees to the right job, where workers can “check the jobs”, “search the jobs” and “apply for jobs” in their own preferred local languages. This will decrease the recruitment and operational costs of companies towards blue collar jobs as well trying to increase employment in Blue collar and vocational sector.
Why Teamlease.com for Blue collar jobs?
Getting placed in the blue collar jobs market in India is very difficult. If you are looking for entry level jobs or others Vocational sectors jobs then you’re in right place, Teamlease.com is the best job portal Which helps in getting jobs for workers or employees with ease, TeamLease is one of the best workers job site deals with blue collar jobs in all the metropolitan cities like Bangalore, Hyderabad, Mumbai, Delhi, Pune, Chennai, Coimbatore, Kolkata, Surat and Visakhapatnam. As we already aware that workers or employees searching for blue collar jobs may not be having proper well designed resume or college degree to showcase, In order to maintain this gap we introduced TeamLease.com, as a recruitment platform specifically designed for Skilled Labour or entry level employees and experienced blue collar workers, where they can search for jobs, and can apply for good blue collar hiring companies across India such as OLA, Swiggy, Zomato, Uber eats, Uber, Box8, Pizza hut, Dominos, KFC, Fasoos, foodpanda, Takeaway, Justeat etc.