Latest Video
Latest Stories
Get an Echo Dot for just $1 when you sign up for a month of Amazon Music Unlimited
For just $9 Prime Members can get an Echo Dot and a one-month subscription to Amazon Music Unlimited.
Pani Smart Home Water Monitor promises an easier way to keep tabs on your water usage
Compatible with most common water fixtures, the $70 wireless sensor detects leaks and doles out water conservation tips via an iOS or Android app.
Vizio’s upcoming SmartCast 3.5 update promises peppier TV performance
Slated to start rolling out next month, the SmartCast 3.5 update will work on all 2016-and-newer Vizio TVs.
TP-Link goes vintage with Kasa Smart filament LED smart bulbs
Smart bulbs with exposed filaments are the hot new smart home trend. TP-Link Kasa Smart LED bulbs want in on the action.
Eufy Video Doorbell (model T8200) review: Make sure you know what this inexpensive Ring competitor can't do
This is a very good product, but it relies on your existing doorbell wiring and it lacks any hooks into any broader smart home system.
Anker unwraps a battery-powered EufyCam 2 security camera that supports HomeKit
Anker’s Eufy brand embraces Apple's HomeKit and also unveils a battery-powered video doorbell, a floodlight camera, and a security keypad.
Apple TV+ original shows, series, and movies: Lee Pace and Jared Harris cast in 'Foundation' adaptation
Apple's spending a ton of money to produce its own TV content. Here what you can expect to see, and when.
Vizio M-Series Quantum 4K UHD smart TV review: Great color, moderate HDR
Vizio's M-Series Quantum delivers outstanding color and decent HDR for not a whole lot of cash. But there's no motion compensation, native DLNA streaming, or Bluetooth output.
Beyerdynamic Xelento Wireless in-ear headphone review: Audiophile-worthy sound, luxury-goods price tag
In addition to superb sound, Beyerdynamic's Xelento Wireless in-ear monitor offers exceptional build quality and an app that tailors the EQ to your specific hearing profile.
LIFX Candle Color review: This is the first multicolor-tunable light bulb (but it's only available with a candelabra base)
Want eight colors from your lamp—at the same time? LIFX has you covered.
The Ring Video Doorbell 2 is 20% off and you get an Echo Dot for free
Amazon is selling a bundled Ring Video Doorbell 2 and Echo Dot (3rd gen) for $159 today.
Roku Smart Soundbar review: Easy controls make a big difference
Roku's streaming TV soundbar doesn't win on audio quality or extensibility, but its speech enhancements really come in handy.
Ring Smart Lighting Motion Sensor review: A useful accessory, but not an essential one
Do you really need a stand-alone outdoor motion sensor when all of Ring’s outdoor lighting products have one built in?
Basketball without cable: A cord-cutter's guide to the NBA
Cord-cutters can get their fill of big nationally televised games, but local broadcasts are still left on the bench.
Google Nest Mini review: Modest improvements make Google’s smallest smart speaker even better
Expect (slightly) more bass, a mounting hole, and refined controls, all for the same price as the older Home Mini.