Helping Businesses
Exceed their Targets
Digital marketing – Web Experience & Personalization
Software Development & Technology Consulting
Mobilize your Business – Apps and more
Technians experts relish a challenge, whether that’s overcoming a large-scale architectural problem, optimizing your digital budgets or surpassing a competitor.
Our Happy Clients
See how companies just like yours are growing with Technians
Automated Sales & Marketing with CRM SolutionCRM Solution to one of Gaint in Logistic APOLLO FIEGE Integrated Logistics Pvt Ltd.View Full Story
220% Increase in Organic Traffic of Website.234% incerment in Page views. 35% of keywords on 1st Rank. All Local keywords are in top 5 in local Pack. View Full Story
Website Redesigning to Match Quality Service of VIVOcreated a new and responsive platform that highlights the brand’s commitment to quality.View Full Story
Read why our customers recommend Technians:
“
Team was really supportive, no one hesitate to execute new things. You were a great support to get things done on time. Also, understanding the criticality of the situation and get things done out of the way was the best part about this team.
Mridul Sahu – Marketing Manager (OYO Rooms)
“
Thanks for Technians team who has supported in implementation of CRM product in very short period of time.The overall experience in dealing with you and your team was quite satisfactory .We look forward for any support if required in future.
Atul Gupta -VP (Apollo)
“
On behalf of Ahuja Residency Pvt. Ltd., I would like to thank you for your 4 years of service to our company. We have always appreciated the prompt and timely deliveries of computer softwares, software solutions and advice from your end.
Jaideep Ahuja – Director (Ahuja Residency Pvt Ltd)
“
They have an amazing team and I would highly recommend to anyone who wants a super professional service by a person who is a great communicator and shows initiative.
Kundan Kumar – Founder (3a Learning Solution pvt ltd)
Abha Sharma (BUSINESS CONSULTANT)
Ready to discuss your project
with us?
We’re a digital agency focused on creative and results-driven solutions. You can always start with free consultation with us.
Abha Sharma (BUSINESS CONSULTANT)