Happy Diwali 2019: Countdown starts for Diwali 2019. Diwali is one of the biggest festivals in India celebrated on 6th November 2019. Diwali is also known in the names Deepavali and Festival of Lights. Diwali is already trending in Social Medias like Facebook and WhatsApp. Diwali indicates another prosperous year in our lives. With proper greetings […]
Tyson Fury vs Otto Wallin Fight Card, Venue, Time, and Details
Well, Tyson Fury is all set to fight against Otto Wallin on Saturday where the stadium is bound to be jam-packed. Indeed, there are millions of boxing fans where almost all of them will be eager to be on the match day. Talking about Fury, he will be in contention for the WBC Championship where […]
Foot Streams – Best Options for Streaming Foot Online for Free
If you are a diehard lover of watching football games, the freeway, you might think of this as a daunting task. Still, in a world full of internet and technology, people have gone far ahead than the premium subscriptions phenomenon. Therefore, for the people of the entire world who are eager to get the best […]
Happy Fathers Day 2019 quotes, images, poems, pictures, messages, wishes and greetings
Happy Fathers Day 2019: Fathers Day is always special for all and it’s the best time to honor our father who is always with us. Let’s start Fathers Day 2019 celebrations on 16th June. Wishing and sending messages is an important part of Fathers Day celebrations. Modern generations celebrate Fathers Day 2019 through Social Medias […]
How To Watch Bigg Boss Tamil Season 3 Online Live Streaming
Bigg Boss Tamil is the Tamil version of the popular reality TV Show Bigg Boss in India. It is based on the Big Brother format. It was the first telecast in the Netherlands by Endemol. The Tamil Big Boss Tamil Season 3 will be hosted by Kamal Haasan, who also hosted the first season. The […]
Ramadan 2019 Quotes, Images, Messages, Wishes, Greetings, SMS, pictures and wallpapers
Ramadan 2019: So it’s time to celebrate Ramadan starting from 6th May 2019 which lasts for thirty days. Ramadan also known as Ramazan is a major celebration for Muslims. Fasting, Quran reading, prayers etc are the main events during Ramadan days. So let’s start celebrating Ramadan days. Modern generation celebrates Ramadan through Social Medias by sending wishes […]
IPL 2019 Points Table, Schedule, and Teams
It’s time for celebrating and reserving your tickets as the 2019 IPL is around the corner, and it will be a fantastic league this time. The Indian Premier League (IPL) is getting every cricket lover excited for the upcoming T20 cricket tournament that the Board of Cricket Control in India (BCCI) organizes every year. The […]
Barclays Premier league 2019 Today’s Schedule
The 27th edition of Premier League is all set for the kick-off on 10th August 2018. Manchester City is the last year’s winners. Twenty teams will participate in 2019 EPL. We provide you daily schedule and updates of all premier league matches here. Manchester United beats Leicester City in the opening game. Let’s check out […]
Happy Good Friday 2019 wishes, Quotes, Images, pictures, wallpapers, messages, and SMS
Good Friday is an important Christian celebration which is marked as a holiday. Good Friday is celebrated on 19th April 2019 in the significance of recall and Respect for Jesus Christ crucifixion and death. Good Friday is also known in the names Holy Friday, Great Friday, Black Friday, or Easter Friday. Modern generation celebrate Good […]
Happy Easter 2019 quotes, pictures, wishes, greetings, images, wallpapers, SMS and messages
Happy Easter 2019 quotes, pictures, wishes, greetings, images, wallpapers, SMS and messages: So its time to celebrate Easter 2019. Easter is a famous celebration for Christians for the remembrance of the resurrection of Jesus. People with their family go to churches, decorating Easter eggs, gift exchanging etc are all part of Easter day celebrations. Easter is […]