Getting started
In this tutorial, You will learn how to perform CRUD operation using Spring Boot JDBCTemplate. Spring Boot application which will display data from the database table, and allow you to create new records, update existing records, and delete the selected record.
Exception in thread "main" org.springframework.dao.EmptyResultDataAccessException: Incorrect result size: expected 1, actual 0
In this tutorial, You will learn how to send an Email using Spring Boot application. We will set up a maven project, will use spring-boot-starter-mail dependency, define email configurations and actual implementation of the Mail program.
In this tutorial, you will learn various application properties options that are available in Spring Boot. You can define your own configuration values on top of CORE PROPERTIES like a logger, LDAP, EMBEDDED SERVER CONFIGURATION, SMTP etc.
In this tutorial, You will learn how to create a Spring Boot Standalone Application using Spring Boot Starter template.
In this tutorial, You will learn how to create a simple web application using Spring Boot and deploy it into a Tomcat Server.
In this tutorial, You will learn how to increment table field value using PHP Codeigniter. Recently I have implemented this in my blog when the article page viewed increment the view count by 1.
By default Spring Boot application accessed via root context path ("/") like
http://localhost:port/. But in real world application development, you have to specify the context path
http://localhost:port/{app_name}.
In this tutorial, we will learn the different ways to configure root context.
I am trying to build & run the Spring Boot application with simple RestController. After hitting the RequestMapping URL, I am getting Whitelabel Error Page with status code "404".
[ERROR] Failed to execute goal org.springframework.boot:spring-boot-maven-plugin:2.0.2.RELEASE:repackage (default) on project SpringBoot: Execution default of goal org.springframework.boot:spring-boot-maven-plugin:2.0.2.RELEASE:repackage failed: Unable to find main class