After the Blade 15 Advanced notebooks – with optical switch keyboard – and Blade 15 Studio Edition, Razer has launched yet another addition to its portfolio. The Viper Ultimate gamer mouse comes with […]
Main Content
Featured Story
Latest News
German zoo uses Snapchat to illustrate species extinction
The Cologne Zoo and Snap Inc have announced a new Augmented Reality experience based on the Snapchat app to stimulate reflection on wildlife preservation through individual and corporate actions. Through the project, visitors will be able to use Snapchat’s Marker technology to check out Oct. 28 for virtual installations that will feature instinct threatened animals […]
More News
- German zoo uses Snapchat to illustrate species extinction
- Facebook and CVV announce new Messenger bot to help prevent suicide
- Samsung Files Full-Rendered Augmented Reality Headset Patent
- Redmi 8: Real Time Battery Test | This Wednesday at 7am
- Apple owners of HD and 4K TVs report serious issues after installing tvOS 13
Latest Reviews
Microsoft Adds Gears 5, Dead Cells, and Other Games to Xbox Game Pass in September
September has barely begun and Microsoft is already giving good news to Xbox platform gamers as the company recently released the list of games to be featured on this month’s Game Pass. And to the surprise of users, the subscription service is giving customers the opportunity to play the game Gears 5, which is Microsoft’s […]
More Reviews
Razer Launches Viper Ultimate as New Gamer Mouse Focusing on eSports and 20,000 DPI
After the Blade 15 Advanced notebooks – with optical switch keyboard – and Blade 15 Studio Edition, Razer has launched yet another addition to its portfolio. The Viper Ultimate gamer mouse comes with a focus on eSports. The accessory of the brand has a sensor capable of reaching the sensitivity of 20,000 DPI. In addition, it has a tracking speed of 650 IPS (inches […]
New iPhone SE to be launched in 2020 with screen made by LG
Rumors are mounting: Apple is planning to introduce the long-awaited successor to the iPhone SE early next year with better placement of antennas and design from the iPhone 8 offering the new A13 chip, and more evidence now suggests the company already reached an agreement for the screens of the device According to sources at TheElec, LG Displays would be chosen […]
German zoo uses Snapchat to illustrate species extinction
The Cologne Zoo and Snap Inc have announced a new Augmented Reality experience based on the Snapchat app to stimulate reflection on wildlife preservation through individual and corporate actions. Through the project, visitors will be able to use Snapchat’s Marker technology to check out Oct. 28 for virtual installations that will feature instinct threatened animals […]
Facebook and CVV announce new Messenger bot to help prevent suicide
Facebook has partnered with the Life Valuation Center (CVV) to launch a bot in Messenger, with a focus on streamlining care and prioritizing those looking for information on suicide prevention. The feature uses Artificial Intelligence developed by Nama.ai, with ready answers to administrative questions – such as volunteering or contributing to the entity. Emotional support and […]
Samsung Files Full-Rendered Augmented Reality Headset Patent
A new patent has been filed by Samsung in South Korea in recent days. The document, titled Head Mounted Display, shows full rendering of an augmented reality (AR) headset. According to the report of the website GalaxyClub, the request was submitted in February for a year. Despite not having any technical details disclosed, it can be assumed that […]
Redmi 8: Real Time Battery Test | This Wednesday at 7am
The Redmi 8 was released shortly after Redmi 7, which eventually obviously doing both are very similar in many respects. Still, we have some major changes to China’s new low-priced model, ranging from choosing a technically inferior platform compared to what we saw in its predecessor to using a larger capacity battery. Will these changes bring Redmi […]
Apple owners of HD and 4K TVs report serious issues after installing tvOS 13
TvOS 13 was announced a few weeks ago as the newest version of the Apple TV HD and 4K platform, delivering an even more compelling user experience to all users of the apple setup box, especially because of the inclusion of control over support. PS4 and Xbox. However, we know that sometimes the arrival of a new […]
With improved antenna design, iPhone SE 2 is expected to begin production in 2020, Ming-Chi Kuo suggests
Ming-Chi Kuo, an analyst with a respectable hit record regarding Apple’s upcoming news, has just published a report with some information about the successor to the iPhone SE, chronologically called SE 2. According to the analyst, the smartphone will hit the market with an enhanced antenna design using liquid crystal polymer (LCP) to enhance wireless transmission. In his […]
Vivo iQOO Neo 2 wins teaser that indicates 256 GB UFS 3.0 memory
The iQOO series is geared towards gamers, and within them is the Neo model, which was unveiled earlier this year with the goal of bringing good gaming hardware at a reduced price. That’s why the first phone came to market with the Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 processor, a slightly older chip. Currently, the main chip is Snapdragon 855 Plus, the successor […]
UEFA Champions League: Learn how to watch this week’s games live on Facebook
Since last season, Facebook has been broadcasting live matches of the UEFA Champions League ( UEFA Champions League ) – Europe’s premier football club tournament – for free to its users. This week will be no different, with highlights for Barcelona, Real Madrid, Paris Saint-Germain, and Atletico Madrid. The games are broadcast by the Interactive Sports team – which owns the rights […]
Snoozed again? Nokia 9.1 PureView launches only in 2020
Nokia had begun the development of Nokia 9.1 PureView, the successor to Nokia 9 PureView, in early 2019 so that it would be ready by August (late summer in the US). Camera problems caused the product to be postponed to the fourth quarter of the year, just in time for the holiday season, but apparently HMD Global will eventually miss this […]
Google justifies no support for 60fps 4K video recording in Pixel 4 family
Pixel 4 and 4 XL smartphones were launched less than a week ago, and Google has since needed to justify the absence of two features in its new devices. The first was the lack of 5G support. Now it’s time to explain why it doesn’t support 4K video recording at 60 fps. Through the official Twitter profile of the “Made by Google” event, the […]
YouTube Music starts testing trackless playback
Anyone using YouTube Music should probably miss playing songs with direct transitions correctly. But it seems that this situation is about to change. According to user reports, the app has already started testing the feature. On Reddit, web surfer JoshYx started a topic to tell that she managed to switch between “The Mind’s Eye” and “Portal” – both tracks […]
It’s close! Xiaomi TV 5 has confirmed release within a month in China
Fans of Xiaomi products will have another reason to celebrate soon. Xiaomi TV 5 is expected to ship within a maximum of one month. At least that was the confirmation of department general manager Li Xiaoshuang. This Friday (18), the executive was asked about the date by a user of the Chinese social network Weibo: “When will […]
OnePlus 7T Shows “Manhole Cover” Camera May Not Be a Good Idea in Durability Testing
Launched in late September, the OnePlus 7T came to prominence in its Motorola-like look with the so-called manhole cover camera. To test the strength of these and other features, the smartphone has passed a durability test. With video was taken by JerryRigEverything on YouTube, the experiment put the device to scratch, fire and bend. You can check the results in the […]
But already? Xiaomi Releases Global Version of MIUI 11 for Redmi 7A
Xiaomi has already announced the official MIUI 11 schedule and has revealed that the update is due to be released next Tuesday (22). However, for some unknown reason, some users have started receiving the software on their devices. According to Redmi 7A owners, the update notification for MIUI 11 appeared on their devices this Friday (18). In addition, Xiaomi is apparently distributing the […]
Huawei Enjoy 10 comes official with Kirin 710F, screen hole and dual rear camera
Just over a month after the release of Enjoy 10 Plus, Chinese manufacturer Huawei has released the simplest version of the line, Enjoy 10, which was recently seen on the TENAA homologation base. Bringing a different look to the sturdier version, this handset features a 6.39 “HD + resolution display and 8MP camera integrated into the screen through a hole located in […]
PUBG Mobile Receives Halloween Update That Brings New Guns, Vehicles, and More
The game PUBG Mobile went through a series of updates that will offer more options within Battle Royale on these upcoming Halloween special weeks. New features implemented in conjunction with the theme include new weapons to increase damage power, vehicles and even much more intense gameplay than usual. Patch 0.15.0 brings to the game, in its version for Android […]
Galaxy A12, A52, A92 and more! Samsung registers 2021 mobile phone name
After a leak named after all members of the Galaxy A family of 2020, Samsung has started the process of registering the 2021 Galaxy A-line. The information was revealed by the staff of GalaxyClub on the morning of Thursday (17). According to the documentation available from the European Union Trademark Office, Samsung has already requested the use of all […]
Galaxy S10 and Note 10: Samsung Promises Fix for Digital Reader Failure
Samsung has promised a new software update to address a serious security hole affecting the Galaxy S10 and Note 10. That’s because users reported that just using a “gel” film to fool the fingerprint sensor of these devices. According to information revealed by SamMobile, a user bought a film for only $ 3 (~ $ 12) on eBay. By applying it to her […]