Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella lays out the technologies hes betting on to take…
* The company will continue to advance its apps and infrastructure business, prioritize growing in data…
Amazon buys healthcare start-up Health Navigator
Amazon.com Inc said on Wednesday it bought healthcare start-up Health Navigator, its second…
Microsoft forecasts cloud sales above expectations
Microsoft Corp on Wednesday forecast sales for its cloud computing services that topped analysts'…
Microsofts new Surface gear is out now and showcases Windows at its best
Get the most out of Windows 10 with the Surface Pro 7 and Surface Laptop…
Microsoft's cloud business helps drive first quarter results
Microsoft has released its earnings report for Q1 of the 2020 fiscal year and its…
Technology Investment Must Go Beyond Single Use Cases
One of the challenges gov tech leaders continue to face is the balance between a…
Microsoft Readies Self-Purchasing Capability for Power Platform
Starting in November, Microsoft will allow end users to effectively bypass their IT departments and…
Google Accused of Creating Spy Tool To Squelch Worker Dissent
An anonymous reader quotes a report from Bloomberg: Google employees are accusing the company'…
Get an Echo Dot for $1 with an Amazon Music Unlimited subscription
Amazon has a killer deal if you'll subscribe to Amazon Music Unlimited for…
Google employees are raising alarms about a new tool that keeps tabs on their…
A browser tool developed by Google to monitor meeting requests made by employees has sparked…
How open banking and bank APIs are boosting fintech growth
Fintechs are making waves in the finance services and banking industries, and open banking will…
A new Microsoft cloud category to watch: The Microsoft 365 number
Microsoft doesn't break out Microsoft 365 as a separate category in its earnings…
UPDATE 3-Microsoft forecasts cloud sales above expectations
Microsoft Corp on Wednesday forecast sales for its cloud computing services that topped analysts'…
Amazon buys healthcare start-up Health Navigator
Amazon.com Inc said on Wednesday it bought healthcare start-up Health Navigator, its second…
Apple Pay is more popular than Starbucks for US mobile payments
For a while, the most popular payment app in the US was... Starbucks. Yes, enough…