Techmagnate is India’s top digital marketing and SEO services company. We are based in New Delhi and we provide full-suite Internet marketing services. From conceptualization and strategy to final-stage execution, we implement your entire digital marketing strategy. Because we adopt a 360° approach to digital marketing, our services include Web Design, SEO, Social Media Marketing, Pay-Per-Click Advertising and Application Development.
Search Engines are the most effective way to get your website noticed by potential customers. Search Engine Optimization or SEO is a science that analyzes search engine algorithms...
With a PPC or pay-per-click campaign you can be choosy about who comes to your website. You will want targeted traffic because in a PPC campaign, every click on your ad costs money...
First impressions are very important & we can get that deal sealed for you right away. As your website design company, we work in a consultative manner, serving as your advisors, designers and developers...
Your reputation builds your brand; allow the SEO experts at Techmagnate to monitor, protect and build your online reputation.
We combine our expertise in design, hosting, search marketing, analytics and conversion optimization to offer ecommerce solutions that ensure your sales keep growing month on month.
Get your App ranked at the top for your target keywords on the Play Store and Apple Store. Enhance App visibility and multiply download numbers.
Get ready for a big boost in organic video views, engagement metrics and subscription numbers for your YouTube channel with our experienced video seo services.
Here at Techmagnate, we live by the uncomfortable truths: such as the fact that no matter how much traffic you build for your website, your efforts will go to waste unless you back them up with a conversion plan.
Content marketing is about a forward-thinking vision – as the Internet ages, information becomes the prevalent and prominent source of value online.
Search Engines are the most effective way to get your website noticed by potential customers.
Not just SEO Services in India. Techmagnate should be your top choice of Digital Marketing Agency if you’re looking for growth in 2019. Contact us now!
Our latest work is a testament to our learnings and experience. With each client, we have delivered promises, and with each achievement, we have realized our ability to traverse miles to deliver nothing less than excellence. Review our work and call us for services that are truly, the best!
"We are impressed with the working of organization - Techmagnate. Unlike other ORM companies, the working is very systematic and transparent. The work to be done is properly planned and then executed. As a customer, we can monitor every activity live and share our comments/feedback. It is..."
Weve written a comprehensive guide to Google Portals - an ambitious new concept for mobile web design. A new ...
Read more
2019 has been a solid year for movie buffs: much-awaited releases from the Marvel Cinematic Universe such as Captain Marvel and ... Read more
Techmagnate Gets Listed Amongst Top 250 B2B Companies in India By Clutch.co
04, Jul 2018
Techmagnate Acquires BlogX, India’s fastest growing Blog Conference
29, Jun 2017
topseos.in Acknowledges Techmagnate as the Eighth Best Search Engine Optimization Firm in India for the Month of July 2014
21, Mar 2017
Techmagnate Ranked Second in Top Web Design Companies Based in India by Topseos.com
03, Mar 2016
Our CEO Sarvesh Bagla and VP Shubh Mukherji's interview at India Ahead News Channel
This video features Founder & CEO of Techmagnate Sarvesh Bagla and Vice President Techmagnate Shubh Mukherjee discussing the various aspects of digital marketing with India Ahead News Channel. In simple words, digital marketing can be defined as marketing your product and service on any digital platform including Google Search, Social Media and Whatsapp.
Watch this video to understand the different aspects of:
Remember, online success comes from partnering with an experienced digital marketing company and choosing a mix of digital platforms that best suit your marketing goals.
Location :
101 - Kundan Nivas, 2nd Floor Harinagar,
Ashram Chowk, New Delhi, Delhi, India 110014
Sales Enquiry:
+91-9910308266, +91-11-43534779
+91-9910308266
enquiry@techmagnate.com
techmagnate, tech.magnate
HR:
+91-11-43534755,
hrd@techmagnate.com