Use Infrastructure as Code to provision and manage any cloud, infrastructure, or serviceSign up for Cloud Download CLI
Define infrastructure as code to manage the full lifecycle — create new resources, manage existing ones, and destroy those no longer needed.
Terraform provides an elegant user experience for operators to safely and predictably make changes to infrastructure.
Terraform makes it easy to re-use configurations for similar infrastructure, helping you avoid mistakes and save time.View All Providers
Terraform Cloud is a free to use SaaS application that provides the best workflow for writing and building infrastructure as code with Terraform.
Empower your team to rapidly review, comment, and iterate on Infrastructure as Code.
Create a pipeline for provisioning Infrastructure as Code
Organizations looking for enhanced division of responsibilities or automatic policy enforcement can purchase the Team and Governance upgrades for Terraform Cloud. Start for free and upgrade to suit the needs of your team as you grow.
Automation and collaboration features to empower individuals and small teams, including VCS integration, remote operations, and state management. Teams on the free plan can have up to 5 users.
$0 Up to 5 users
This upgrade includes team management and role based access control (RBAC). Create multiple teams and ensure that team members have the right level of access to the appropriate configurations.
$20 User / Month
This upgrade provides access to the Sentinel Policy as Code framework for enforcing fine-grained policy against everything that Terraform Cloud provisions. It also includes cost estimation, so you can preview how much configurations will cost before they are deployed.
$70 User / Month
Terraform users define infrastructure in a simple, human-readable configuration language called HCL (HashiCorp Configuration Language). Users can write unique HCL configuration files or borrow existing templates from the public module registry.
Most users will store their configuration files in a version control system (VCS) repository and connect that repository to a Terraform Cloud workspace. With that connection in place, users can borrow best practices from software engineering to version and iterate on infrastructure as code, using VCS and Terraform Cloud as a delivery pipeline for infrastructure.
When you push changes to a connected VCS repository, Terraform Cloud will automatically trigger a plan in any workspace connected to that repository. This plan can be reviewed for safety and accuracy in the Terraform UI, then it can be applied to provision the specified infrastructure.
Open Source projects benefit from the scrutiny of a broad and diverse user base. Keeping the code available helps to teach and empower the community of users, while it also provides an easy mechanism for feedback, improvement, and customization.