WE RECRUIT TEST USERS
For usability tests, focus groups, interviews, surveys and more.
- Test with people from our growing pool of 350,000+ individuals.
- Choose a date and time. We can deliver within 48 hours.
- Never a charge for no-shows. Free replacement.
- We pay all test-user incentives. No extra charges for your company.
“Book test users in under five minutes. Get them in 48 hours. What more can you ask for? Brilliant!”Dagmar Muth - Amazee Labs AG
“TestingTime is efficient and reliable!”Karin Christen - required GmbH
“TestingTime covers my back. Whether for Remote or In-House Testing.”David Tschapnizky - Google
HOW IT WORKS
OUR SERVICE
Test user recruiting-service
In addition to standard criteria (age, gender, language, place of residence, device skills, etc.), we can recruit test users with as many special criteria as you wish, e.g. "must own a car."
We quickly brief our test users about user research in general. This will help you to get the most out of your booked time.
We coordinate appointments between you and the participants. We ensure the people show up at the agreed date, time and location. In case of a no-show, we try to find a replacement but cannot guarantee it. If we fail to deliver a replacement, we won’t charge you anything for that person.
We handle the payment of the participants. The money is wired directly to their bank or PayPal accounts. There are no extra charges for you.
We track each test user to make sure they don’t become professional testers and don't get scheduled with the same customer twice.
Full Service Testing
We work with approved usability labs and UX agencies throughout Europe. Let us know what you need and we’ll put you in touch with the right agency.
Goodies
A better UX leads to more satisfied employees, fewer mistakes, reduced support requirements and, ultimately, more revenue. But you'll likely have to convince some of your colleagues and, above all, your boss of the benefits.
This step-by-step guide will teach you how to identify usability weaknesses with moderated user testing. It covers all of the key aspects of the process – from the initial preparation to testing and analyzing.