Testmoz is the fastest and simplest way to get your quiz online. No more tedious grading for you!
And just because Testmoz is so simple doesn't mean it skimped on features. With Testmoz, you can:
See what Testmoz looks like as a test taker.
You can build tests on Testmoz for free (with some limitations).
Get access to all Testmoz's features with a risk free 30 day satisfaction guarantee.
You can quickly create questions, move them around, copy them, import questions from your other tests, change question types, and move questions into pools.
The test is autosaved while you're working on it, so you don't have to worry about losing your changes.
You can also undo and redo your changes, just in case you make a mistake.
You can mark questions as ungraded, you can shuffle the questions for each test taker, you can shuffle the answer choices, and you can show an explanation for any question.
Testmoz is powerful, and more features are being added all the time.
Testmoz provides you with a simple URL that you can email to your students so they can start the test. You can choose from a variety of authentication schemes to ensure only your students take the test.
Your students will have no technical excuse for not completing your tests because...
You can customize the look and feel to match your school, or corporate color scheme.
Testmoz lets you choose whether to display all the questions at once, or one-per-page. You can set a time limit, and specify the max number of times a student can take your test.
When the student finishes, you can choose to display their score, their responses, the explanations, and/or the correct answers.
You can easily see who took your test, how they performed, which questions were difficult, how long it took people to finish and more. All the information is easily accessible from one page.
You can dive into a particular student's result to see all their responses in detail.
Make a free test or become a member to see all of Testmoz in action. Still not convinced? See more features.