All-In-One Bulk SMS Service for Business
TextMagic is a business text-messaging service for sending notifications, alerts, reminders, confirmations and SMS marketing campaigns.
Important Facts About Text Messaging
Mobile everything has been one of the fastest growing trends this decade.
15.2M
Text messages are sent every minute worldwide
95%
Of texts are read within 3 minutes of being sent
4.2B
People send text messages worldwide
90sec
Is the average response time for text messages
75%
Of people prefer offers to be sent via text
Business SMS Features to Grow Your Company
Use our mass text-messaging platform for sending SMS texts to your customers, staff and suppliers.
Send Texts Online
Login to your account and send bulk SMS online to 200+ countries.
Email to SMS Gateway
Convert your emails into text messages and deliver to any mobile phone.
SMS Gateway API
Integrate SMS API with your business, and text directly from your own app.
SMS Software for PC & Mac
Download our text message software for your PC or Mac desktop.
Two-Way SMS Chat
Send and receive text messages online using our two-way SMS chat.
SMS Distribution Lists
Forward critical emails as text messages with SMS distribution lists.
100,000+ Happy Users Since 2001
Here is how three customers have improved their businesses with our text messaging service.
Getting Started with TextMagic Is Simple
You can get started in three easy steps. Create a FREE account, load prepaid credit and start sending and receiving texts.
1. Create a Free Account
Sign up for your free acount to see for yourself how easy it is. Try all features and use free credit to send and receive messages almost anywhere in the world.
2. Load Prepaid Credit
When you’re ready to send your first bulk message, use our simple prepaid credit payments to pay-as-you-go (no contracts, hidden costs or ongoing fees).
3. Send & Receive SMS
Send & receive SMS whenever you need to with our simple self-service interface. It’s as simple as sending an email or SMS from your own phone.