Security and Visibility centered around your people
Get Yours
Enterprise-Class CyberSecurity for SMBs
If there is one thing that we learned about SMB cybersecurity last year, it is that cybercriminals have found a sweet spot. Attackers are continuing to pounce on businesses that sometimes lack the resources to maintain a robust security posture.
THALAMUS SMB SECURITY OFFERING
Office 365
In the digital age, you need access to all your files whenever, wherever you need them.
Best for businesses that need Office apps across devices plus business email, cloud file storage, and online meetings and chat.
Microsoft 365 Business Basic(formerly Office 365 Business Essentials)
Microsoft 365 Business Standard(formerly Office 365 Business Premium)
Microsoft 365 Business Premium(formerly Microsoft 365 Business)
Proofpoint Essentials leverages the same enterprise-class security that powers some of the world’s largest and most security-conscious companies. This visibility and security gives SMBs the protection for their greatest security risk—their people.
With Essentials, you get:
Enhanced cybersecurity with spam and phishing detectionDynamic sandboxing of URLs and attachmentsPolicy-enforced encryption and data loss preventionSocial media account protection
Stop account takeovers, go passwordless and modernize your multifactor authentication. Get the world’s leading security key for superior security, user experience and return on investment.
Meet El SaSe Knight
El Sase (1043-1099) BC Before Cloud, was a Cloud Security Knight whose real name was Secure Access Service Edge Cloud Guardian, he was Called El SASSY by the attackers whom he fought against most of his life, to secure his heritage, and data. El SASE greatest achievement was connect his people and secure their castles.
Add customer reviews and testimonials to showcase your store’s happy customers.
Author's name
Add customer reviews and testimonials to showcase your store’s happy customers.
Author's name
Add customer reviews and testimonials to showcase your store’s happy customers.