When a 22 year old student found himself the target of an 'advance fee 419' fraudster, he took matters into his own hands, … [Click Here...] about Student tricks “419” scammer into sending HIM money
Main Content
Featured
Our Latest Posts
Student tricks “419” scammer into sending HIM money
Does a photo show skeleton of giant being unearthed? Fact Check
A number of photos online purport to show the skeletal remains of a giant being unearthed by archaeologists. … [Click Here...] about Does a photo show skeleton of giant being unearthed? Fact Check
Tech CEO targeted by VERY convincing phishing scam. This is how it worked
In October 2019, the CEO of technology company Legal.io, Pieter Gunst, was on the target list for an extremely convincing … [Click Here...] about Tech CEO targeted by VERY convincing phishing scam. This is how it worked
Did Trump call Italian President “Mozzarella” and make ‘Ancient Rome’ gaffe? Fact Check
Social media messages claim that during a visit by the Italian President to the White house during October 2019, President … [Click Here...] about Did Trump call Italian President “Mozzarella” and make ‘Ancient Rome’ gaffe? Fact Check
Birds in Coventry are falling from sky because of 5G? Fact Check
A video is spreading on social media that appear to show birds falling from the sky outside a hospital in Coventry. Most … [Click Here...] about Birds in Coventry are falling from sky because of 5G? Fact Check
Can spotting a camel in a photo determine likelihood of Alzheimer’s? Fact Check
A message on social media claims that being able to spot the image of a camel in a collage of other animals can determine … [Click Here...] about Can spotting a camel in a photo determine likelihood of Alzheimer’s? Fact Check
Game show Jeopardy! falls for online fake news
Long running game show Jeopardy! has fallen foul to some Internet fake news relating to the popular block building game … [Click Here...] about Game show Jeopardy! falls for online fake news
Did Pelosi divert $2.4 billion from social security to cover impeachment? Fact Check
A claim spreading online asserts that Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi diverted $2.4 billion from Social Security to cover … [Click Here...] about Did Pelosi divert $2.4 billion from social security to cover impeachment? Fact Check
Facebook vs Government. End-to-end encryption. Explained…
Tensions between Facebook and various governments across the world have come to the forefront once again, and again it's … [Click Here...] about Facebook vs Government. End-to-end encryption. Explained…
Video shows paper aeroplane flying circuits using desk fans. Fact Check
A video appears to show a paper aeroplane flying perpetually in a circuit, propelled by a number of desk fans placed in a … [Click Here...] about Video shows paper aeroplane flying circuits using desk fans. Fact Check
Did girl tell President Trump he was “disgrace to the world”? Fact Check
A video claims to show a young girl telling President Trump that he is a "disgrace to the world" as the president tried to … [Click Here...] about Did girl tell President Trump he was “disgrace to the world”? Fact Check
Can you win a 2019 Range Rover for sharing Facebook post? Fact Check
A Facebook post claims you can win a 2019 Range Rover Supercharged V8 for sharing and commenting on it.FALSEAn … [Click Here...] about Can you win a 2019 Range Rover for sharing Facebook post? Fact Check
Does footage show Boris Johnson pelted with plastic balls during 2019 conference? Fact Check
A video of Prime Minister Boris Johnson being pelted with plastic balls is spreading online, with many captions claiming the … [Click Here...] about Does footage show Boris Johnson pelted with plastic balls during 2019 conference? Fact Check
Photo shows Heineken banners at dog fighting event. Fact Check
A photo online shows a dog fighting match in a venue adorned with Heineken banners and merchandise, along with the assertion … [Click Here...] about Photo shows Heineken banners at dog fighting event. Fact Check