If the police want the public to believe that they are not a political tool, they should stop acting like one.In 2012, the OECD Anti-bribery taskforce politely pointed out that the AFP were basically doing fuck-all about some very serious allegations of foreign bribery.“Out of 28 foreign bribery referrals that…
Media ReleaseAustralia’s Climate Council has hailed the City of Newcastle for becoming the first local government in NSW to make the switch to 100 per cent renewable electricity.Newcastle, Australia’s seventh largest city, awarded a 10-year power purchase agreement (PPA) to energy retailer Flow Power this week to meet all its…
By Jon Chesterson LOOK ON IN THE ABSENT HALLS OF OUR OWN CONSCIENCE, THE HUNGRY WALLS OF OUR OWN LIVING ROOMS, LOOK ON...One cannot gloss over what has happened!We witnessed the brutal cruelty and destruction of Afghanistan and its people at the hands of the Taliban.We witnessed the brutal wars on…
Interviewer - This week the Prime Minister told Parliament that while he supported freedom of the press, nobody was above…
It was never going to be pretty. The Facebook CEO knew in appearing before the House Financial Services Committee to…
Interviewer - This week the Prime Minister told Parliament that while he supported freedom of the press, nobody was above…Read more
By Hungry Charley Prime Minister Scott Morrison’s recent statement on a new role for Australian peacekeepers in the Golan Heights, where…Read more
By Denis Bright Canadians voted to continue a reformist agenda with a minority Liberal Government that can still draw upon future…Read more
“Brand Trudeau is: ‘Welcome to the new politics, just like the old politics.’” (Shachi Kurl, Angus Reid Institute, The Guardian,…Read more
By Kathryn The unspeakable, blatant ultra-right-wing bias of the Murdoch press in favour of the LNP is the huge elephant in…Read more
Bill Shorten took over as leader of Australian Labor Party in 2013 and resigned in 2019 after taking the party…Read more
By Julian Cribb The most destructive implement on the Planet, without a doubt, is the human jawbone.Every year, in the course…Read more
By Julian Cribb Centuries from now, future historians will be able to assign a date to the start of the Australian…Read more
Jet lag is a crime against circadian rhythms. If you’ve travelled umpteenth hours at sub-sonic speed from near the meridian…Read more
It is time to speak of terrible things.The Sisters of Mercy. The Catholic Archdiocese of Brisbane. To date I have…Read more
When Attorney-General Christian Porter proposed to prioritise freedom of religion above all other human rights which are necessary for a…Read more
There is something wrong with the heart and soul of this nation. There is something troubling about the level of…Read more
It was never going to be pretty. The Facebook CEO knew in appearing before the House Financial Services Committee to…Read more
While Australian journalists bonded and broke break in condemning national security legislation that some of them had previously supported, one…Read more
By Dr George Venturini By the end of the second world war the population of Australia was 7,400,000. The closeness of…Read more
It was always a probable fact: the dark consequences of having what is termed in Australia a “racing” industry, where…Read more
“I saw it happen an’ that’s how I knows it … and I know why it happened ... an’ I’m…Read more
Benedict Cumberbatch. Olivia Colman. Fine actors. They believe in Extinction Rebellion, or perhaps, rebelling against the prospect of extinction. The…Read more
By RosemaryJ36 I think we will all go to hell in a hand-basket, nor necessarily metaphorically speaking, if we cannot rapidly…Read more
(I’d finished writing this article before a friend pointed out to me the issue of large Corporates buying up Australian…Read more
By RosewmaryJ36 Nowadays it seems strange watching TV, film productions and documentaries from more than 30 years ago. Nearly everybody…Read more