I recently had the privilege of attending a unique event hosted by Larry Borden of Distinctive Stereo in River Vale, NJ, to announce and demonstrate his new line of loudspeakers from Genesis Advanced Technologies. In ...
In an early February editorial entitled “Vinyl Revival Marks the Tone of Our Times,” the Financial Times observed that “audiophiles claim analogue vinyl sounds better than digital downloads or CDs.” Indeed they do. One of ...
One of the dilemmas for those of us with tricked-out reel-to-reel tape decks, like my UHA-Phase 12 from United Home Audio, is finding outstanding pre-recorded tapes at reasonable prices. One great source is International Phonograph, ...
Cables, Power Products, and Accessories AudioQuest conductive fiber record brush, $22.95 Caig Deoxit contact cleaner, $32.95 Shunyata Research Venom 14 AC power cord, $95 Synergistic Research Foundation Series, $499/$599 Entry Level Grado Prestige Black2 phono ...
Verging on a concept album, The National’s eighth studio release reflects a ripening extension of their estimable talents and evolving style, bringing into the foreground the band’s collaborations with women—particularly the many musicians and featured ...
Aesthetix Mimas Integrated Amplifier $7000 The Mimas is, to my way of thinking, an old musical soul, though at a glance you wouldn’t think so. Hip and striking in its clean precision machining and uncluttered ...
October 17, 2019 - Linn, the Glasgow-based high-end audio specialist, unveils Series 3, an all-in-one, wireless speaker unlike any other and the embodiment of five decades of audio innovation. Launching in their brand-new flagship showroom ...
Siegfried Linkwitz, who died in September, 2018, is famous for the Linkwitz-Riley crossover alignment. But his work in audio went far beyond that. He was a profound thinker about the foundations of audio, and in ...
The following is a press release issued by Wilson Audio. October 14, 2019 - Wilson Audio’s approach to subwoofers, whether to augment a music system or a high-end home theater system, has always been unconventional. ...