The Customer Factor will take your service business to a new level of success
Built by a Business Owner. For Business Owners.
Packed with Features
Customers
Never lose track of your customers!
We’ll even display when your
customers are due for their next
service…automatically!
Scheduling
Easy 1-2-3 scheduling or
rescheduling of Estimates,
Jobs, Personal appointments,
and Tasks.
Calendars
All Calendars available with
many different “view” options,
color coding, job totals,
printing, exporting, and more!
Invoicing
With our extensive customization
capabilities, you’ll be able to create
the perfect “look” to your invoices
and easily email or print them.
Accept Credit Cards
We are fully integrated with 2
credit card processors. You can
make payment for the customer
or they can pay themselves!
Reporting
Multiple Reports available such as
Sales, Profit & Loss, Sales Taxes,
Expenses, Employee Pay/hours,
and Income Forecast.
What Our Customers Have to Say
"I now appreciate more fully the added advantage The Customer Factor will give to me.." Having spent the last seven years in the software industry and having personally been involved in the design, development, and execution of a website similar to “The Customer Factor”, I can’t help but show great appreciation for what you have accomplished for window washers across…read more→
"The Customer Factor is what I have been looking for..." I just want to tell you that you are doing a fantastic job. The Customer Factor is what I have been looking for. I am very impressed with each new feature. Thanks for all of your hard work-it cuts down on mine!
"The Customer Factor has changed the way we do business" The Customer Factor has changed the way we do business. We use it every day to keep track of and expand our growing customer base. Our prospects become our repeat customers again and again. We are thrilled with The Customer Factor!! I can't imagine running our window cleaning business without…read more→
"It's a great management tool for anyone who needs to keep track of their business but knows very little about record keeping or computers" The Customer Factor is exactly what you said it is and more. I really do not think you charge enough (but I'm glad you don't). It's a great management tool for anyone who needs to keep…read more→
"I think The Customer Factor is perfect for any service business" I think The Customer Factor is perfect for any service business. I am so pleased with your software. As you know, I have shopped around to other software companies before finding yours. I'm here to tell you that none of them even come close to The Customer Factor. Once…read more→
"With 'Factor at my side, my business is only going to get better and better" Ever since being a member of The Customer Factor, I realize it's my best friend. With 'Factor at my side, my business is only going to get better and better. And since I've been a member, as you promised, new features have been added to…read more→
"I love what The Customer Factor can do and what it has done for me." Steve, I want to thank you for creating The Customer Factor. I use to keep a little appointment book and try to keep track of all my customers from that little book...no more! I love what The Customer Factor can do and what it has…read more→
"...We have never been let down by The Customer Factor and are planning future growth based on many of its features..." I own a house cleaning and carpet cleaning company in Spokane Washington. We have been using The Customer Factor for over a year now. I am simply amazed with how it has simplified and streamlined our business processes. What…read more→
"...Your software is the best we have tried..." I am completely blown away by what you have created with The Customer Factor. I am cruising through data entry and have never found any software as easy and as detailed oriented as this without the severe learning curve or hassles. ...Finally someone nailed it when it comes to allowing us to…read more→
"...It is loaded with well thought out features..." Hi Steve, I signed up for The Customer Factor in 2006 and from day one never had a problem using it. If I could write a window cleaning software for my business, it would be exactly like this one. I'm glad you've already done the hard work! It is loaded with well…read more→
What Our Customers Have to Say
"I now appreciate more fully the added advantage The Customer Factor will give to me.." Having spent the last seven years in the software industry and having personally been involved in the design, development, and execution of a website similar to “The Customer Factor”, I can’t help but show great appreciation for what you have accomplished for window washers across…read more→
"The Customer Factor is what I have been looking for..." I just want to tell you that you are doing a fantastic job. The Customer Factor is what I have been looking for. I am very impressed with each new feature. Thanks for all of your hard work-it cuts down on mine!
"The Customer Factor has changed the way we do business" The Customer Factor has changed the way we do business. We use it every day to keep track of and expand our growing customer base. Our prospects become our repeat customers again and again. We are thrilled with The Customer Factor!! I can't imagine running our window cleaning business without…read more→
"It's a great management tool for anyone who needs to keep track of their business but knows very little about record keeping or computers" The Customer Factor is exactly what you said it is and more. I really do not think you charge enough (but I'm glad you don't). It's a great management tool for anyone who needs to keep…read more→
"I think The Customer Factor is perfect for any service business" I think The Customer Factor is perfect for any service business. I am so pleased with your software. As you know, I have shopped around to other software companies before finding yours. I'm here to tell you that none of them even come close to The Customer Factor. Once…read more→
"With 'Factor at my side, my business is only going to get better and better" Ever since being a member of The Customer Factor, I realize it's my best friend. With 'Factor at my side, my business is only going to get better and better. And since I've been a member, as you promised, new features have been added to…read more→
"I love what The Customer Factor can do and what it has done for me." Steve, I want to thank you for creating The Customer Factor. I use to keep a little appointment book and try to keep track of all my customers from that little book...no more! I love what The Customer Factor can do and what it has…read more→
"...We have never been let down by The Customer Factor and are planning future growth based on many of its features..." I own a house cleaning and carpet cleaning company in Spokane Washington. We have been using The Customer Factor for over a year now. I am simply amazed with how it has simplified and streamlined our business processes. What…read more→
"...Your software is the best we have tried..." I am completely blown away by what you have created with The Customer Factor. I am cruising through data entry and have never found any software as easy and as detailed oriented as this without the severe learning curve or hassles. ...Finally someone nailed it when it comes to allowing us to…read more→
"...It is loaded with well thought out features..." Hi Steve, I signed up for The Customer Factor in 2006 and from day one never had a problem using it. If I could write a window cleaning software for my business, it would be exactly like this one. I'm glad you've already done the hard work! It is loaded with well…read more→