Emmanuel and Brigitte Macron welcome German Chancellor Angela Merkel to the Biarritz G7, August 2019.
Francois Mori/AFP
Why do some people greet each other with a kiss? Will the tradition last? This article is excerpted from the forthcoming "Atlas of Regional Expressions".
Joe Denly, left, was hailed for taking time out to attend the birth of his child. Anthony Martial, right, was fined.
Mike Egerton/PA Wire/PA Images and EPA-EFE/Peter Powell
Men are still expected to prioritise sport over their families.
shutterstock/frantic00
Would a ban on snacking on public transport really help combat obesity? An expert in nutrition weighs in.
Our systematic review found that sexual minority women experience worse treatment in the healthcare system.
Roman Kosolapov/ Shutterstock
Health services are routinely falling short when it comes to providing care to lesbian, bisexual, trans and other sexual minority women.
shutterstock/1000 Words
The consequences of flu infection are much worse in asthmatics, here's why.
Alena Veasey / Shutterstock.com
But better diets and less food waste would reduce reliance on imported organic food
Miners working at Bersham Colliery near Wrexham in Wales, 1960.
The National Archives UK/Flickr
People who moved away from Britain's coal-mining areas have genetic profiles linked to higher educational attainment and better health than those who stayed.
Jacob King/PA
MPs were supposed to vote either for or against the prime minister's deal in a special weekend session. But things didn't quite work out like that.
By rudall30/Shutterstock
We are in a battle for our minds. And it isn't clear we will win.
A statuette of a proposed memorial that has yet to find full funding.
Memorial 2007
Despite the millions used in the transatlantic slave trade and Britain benefitting from their forced labour, a national memorial is proving difficult.
EU-reka?
EPA/Neil Hall
The prime minister has come to a new agreement with Brussels. But the question is whether he can get it through the UK parliament.
Balancing work and home.
riopatuca/Shutterstock
Understanding the role of childcare in balancing work and family life.
Pod of sperm whales swimming off the coast of Sao Miguel Azores.
Shutterstock
Do animals have their own culture? A researcher studying the culture of whales argues that they do. She says understanding that may be one way to save them from extinction.
shutterstock
Like students, academics from working-class backgrounds may also prefer not to work at elite universities.
Scaredy Kat.
BBC/ Leigh Keily / Matt Burlem
Our research into drag cultures and performances found that despite the common idea of two schools of drag, it is much more diverse.
Forming and recalling memories is a complex system of synchronisation and desynchronisation in different parts the brain.
decade3s- anatomy online/ Shutterstock
Researchers have discovered that the hippocampus and neocortex work together.
Mental_Visual/Shutterstock.com
The vast emissions caused by these individuals suggest that a very small share of humanity has a very significant role in global warming.
Campaigners mark the occasion outside Stormont.
Niall Carson/PA
Westminster has pushed Northern Ireland to fall into line with the rest of the UK when it comes to women's reproductive rights and marriage for same-sex couples.
Justin Trudeau, appearing with with his wife Sophie on election night, saw his majority government reduced to a minority.
THE CANADIAN PRESS/Ryan Remiorz
For international observers, it may be stunning to see Justin Trudeau's government reduced to a minority after his meteoric rise to power in 2015. It happened because he disappointed his progressive base.
An alliance at odds: NATO secretary-general, Jens Stoltenberg, met the Turkish foreign minister, Mevlut Cavusoglu, in Istanbul.
Tolga Bozoglu/EPA
Why NATO has lost its leverage to do anything about Turkey's offensive in northern Syria.