HEADLINES
Majestic ‘getting back to what we do best’, new boss claims
Majestic is bringing back classic wines and “getting back to what we do well”, its new boss, John Colley, told the drinks business as it unveiled its revamped range this week.
Wine critic Matthew Jukes launches non-alcoholic, low calorie cordials
UK wine critic and author Matthew Jukes has entered the low and no-alcohol drinks sector with his own line of cordials designed to go with food.
New Annabel’s restaurant boasts world’s largest collection of Dom Pérignon
Matteo’s, the new Italian restaurant at London private members’ club Annabel’s, is said to boast the largest collection of Dom Pérignon and Sassicaia in the world.
Spirits giant William Grant & Sons has released its annual drinks market report, outlining the trends that have defined the spirits industry so far this year.
Subscriber Articles
Gin, Juniper and Brexit – are producers ready?
As the threat of a no-deal Brexit looms closer, what will the impact on the UK’s boom gin industry and producer’s ability to import the all-important botanicals necessary to produce the liquid? Arabella Mileham reports
Retail: State of the nation
The UK drinks retail scene is undergoing testing times, but there are signs of growth with the beers, wine and spirits category. Arabella Mileham speaks to analysts and key industry players to see where this growth is coming from.
In focus: How French wine co-ops are going green
French co-operatives are shining a light on their green credentials. Adopting organic and biodynamic farming practices, they are leading the way in sustainable viticulture. Elizabeth Gabay MW reports.
Is Prosecco losing its sparkle?
It may be the world’s most popular sparkling wine, but with growth in the UK slowing and no recognisable brand names, it’s time for producers to spread their wings in search of growth further afield, writes Lauren Eads.
Beyond the realm of mortal pockets
With top end Burgundy now well beyond the reach of most wine lovers, Gabriel Stone explores how producers and merchants are managing such unprecedented demand, and considers the best places to hunt for more affordable options.
In focus: the fresh face of Tuscany
While Super Tuscans take all the glory, there is a lot more to this corner of Italy than those expressions. Lauren Eads talks to producers who are changing the face of Tuscany, and who are pioneering whites and rosés.
The Global Malbec Masters 2019
Deadline: 25th Oct 2019
The Global Sauvignon Blanc Masters 2019
Deadline: 25th Oct 2019
Global Chardonnay Masters 2019
Deadline: 8th Nov 2019
The Global Riesling Masters 2019
Deadline: 8th Nov 2019
Wines of Argentina - Edinburgh
Decoding the Terroir of Beaujolais
Exploring the bond between red wines and terroir in Centre-Loire
Green Awards 2019 Ceremony
UK Sales Manager, London Wine Fair
The Hemming Group Ltd, Drinks division
Sales Manager - Zanzibar
Zanzibar MMI
Senior Sales Executive
Hush Heath Estate
Staff Writer
The Drinks Business
On-Trade Wine Sales Manager
Madeera Wines Ltd.
Gallery
The Languedoc in pictures
With harvest time in full swing, db’s Lucy Shaw headed to the Languedoc to pick grapes with Gérard Bertrand and visit some of his flagship estates.
The week in pictures
From Sarah Jessica Parker debuting her wine label in New York and wig wearing at the Louis Roederer awards, to Michael Jordan joining the Tequila bandwagon, it’s been a busy week in the world of drinks.
The big interview: John Malkovich
Actor, director, fashion designer and now winemaker John Malkovich meets Lucy Shaw to discuss his love of Pinot Noir and why he decided to start his own Provence wine brand.