This Weeks Top Picks
We have had some unbelievable drops from some of the most premium menswear brands. Gracing our top picks this week are pieces from Albam, YMC, Hud...read more
Kinks and David Bowie throughout school he first had a go at creating his own records from the age of 15. Always amazed at the recording and production process of creating music, he knew when he left school he wanted to give it a proper go for himself. The “Miracle” singer gained a following quickly with people all over Europe enjoying his songs, racking up millions of streams on Spotify, including “Miracle” which has over 51 million alone.
During his younger years, the “Passport Home” singer taught himself how to play the guitar and began exploring other genres of music, finding himself listening and aspiring to Bob Marley, which explains his style nowadays with his dreadlocks, goatee and Rasta-hat. After discovering the world of soul he dove in and started writing some of his own songs, themed around romance with a strong sense of emotion mix with his colloquial lyrical content.
Meet the Derbyshire born singer/songwriter Casey Lowry. Now based in London, Lowry started to make a name for himself last year with the release of his singles ‘Trampoline’ and ‘Me & ‘You’ and his following EP ‘Beach Blue’. Growing up with music in his life, Lowry always knew that someday he wanted to pursue a musical career but it wasn’t until he went to see one of his favourite bands which finally gave him a kick towards starting something for himself. Now, with over a million streams on Spotify, Casey is this year's one to watch.
Our way of showing you the real Idle, behind the scenes of projects and an insight into the people who make Idle. There is good work that goes undocumented. We start our first feature with Rob, the lead buyer of The Idle Man.
We have had some unbelievable drops from some of the most premium menswear brands. Gracing our top picks this week are pieces from Albam, YMC, Hud...read more
Fashion and music have been intertwined for decades, even some musicians have been dresses for tours an awards by the best designers in the industr...read more
Stock up on your basics with Armor Lux’s latest collection. Tap to shop. #theidleman #armorlux #tshirt
From our very own premium menswear collection, you can find everything you need this season. #theidleman #aw19 #menswear
Don't neglect your footwear this autumn, it's the season for a pair of fresh trainers. Shop Karhu's latest collection on theidleman.com... #theidleman #karhu #AW19 #trainers
Wax London | Heading into autumn doesn't mean ditching colours. This Bampton Corduroy Shirt was made using baby-cord and a garment-dye technique which creates an inherent worn-in look. Tap to shop. #theidleman #waxlondon #AW19
Who's ready for their autumn wardrobe? Shop our latest AW19 collections to have you looking sharp this season #theidleman #sunspel #AW19
Old school basics making their way back out. Carhartt WIP has dropped their pre AW19 collection and we love it. #carharttwip #aw19 #jackets
Stoked for Champions reverse weave cotton jumper, our favourite jumpers just got better. Available now on theidleman.com... _ Photo: @champion #theidleman #champion #aw19
There's a whole world out there... 📸: @g___d___a
Mad for it. The king of basics @sunspelclothing. New autumn stripes just dropped.
Japan is calling with @edwineurope. Fresh graphics just dropped on site.
Utilising everybody's favourite weed, Anonymous Ism is back for Autumn with updated spins of their iconic craftsmanship.
@carharttwip seeing us through with fresh shades for Autumn
New bits from the Scandi king of backpacks now live. @sandqvistbags
We are very selective with all our trainers, leading to the most classic and versatile styles being selected for our shop. Explore our range to find your new everyday classics.
Feeling blue? Perk yourself us with Carthatt WIP's latest drop. Tap to shop.