Google announces ‘quantum supremacy’ breakthrough
Google disclosed in the journal Nature that it has managed to achieve quantum supremacy. Quantum supremacy is defined as the potential ability of quantum computing devices to solve problems…
Has Miley Cyrus leaked the tracklist and release date of her new album?
Miley Cyrus was on Instagram live and she accidentally showed a whiteboard with what appears to the tracklist of her upcoming album.
Dabangg 3: Salman Khan’s seeti-maar trailer is a blockbuster from the word go
After intriquing first look of Sonakshi Sinha, Saiee Manjrekar, Kiccha Sudeep, Salman Khan has finally dropped the Dabangg 3 Trailer.
Kathua Rape Case: Court orders FIR against Kathua rape probe team members
Four months after six people were convicted in the 2018 Kathua Rape and Murder Case, a court here directed the police on Tuesday to register an FIR against six members of the Special…
Bigg Boss 13: Devoleena Bhattacharjee slaps Shehnaaz Gill during a task
Temperatures are rising to a new high in Bigg Boss 13 house and in a shocking turn of events Devoleena Bhattacharjee was seen slapping Shehnaaz Gill during a task.
Destiny 2: How to Get Leviathan’s Breath Exotic Bow & Its Perks
Destiny 2: Here's how to get the Leviathan’s Breath exotic bow in Destiny 2 Shadowkeep.
Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 Shenron Wish List: How to Unlock Hit, Eis, Nuova, Omega Shenron
Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 - Shenron Wishes, Unlock Hit, Eis, Nuova, Omega Shenron
Frozen 2: Four New action packed character posters unveiled
Walt Disney has released four new character posters of Frozen 2, teasing what’s in store for the two sisters Elsa and Anna as they embark on an adventure.
Watch Video: Shah Rukh Khan Reveals He Cooks Food For His Kids at 3am
Shah Rukh Khan’s episode of 'My Next Guest Needs No Introduction with David Letterman' will be out on October 25.
Karan Patel and Ankita Bhargava expecting their first baby
Popular television actor's Karan Patel and Ankita Bhargava to become parents after miscarriage sometime back. Baby due in December.
Judge rejects Amazon’s attempt to require arbitration in lawsuit over Alexa recording kids
U.S.Magistrate Judge Michelle Peterson proposed an order yesterday that would stop Amazon from forcing arbitration and dismissing a class action suit.
World Series: Nationals win against the Astros 5-4 In Game 1 Of World Series
The world Series kicked off with The Washington Nationals beating the Houston Astros 5-4.
Avengers Endgame: Scarlett Johansson felt being wiped out emotionally with Black Widow’s…
Scarlett Johansson unveils about being wiped out emotionally and literally by Natasha Romanoff's fate in Avengers: Endgame. Here's what Scarlett disclosed in The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy…
Guess what happened when Drake & Rihanna united at his Birthday Party?
Drake celebrated his birthday on Monday with friends and the surprise guest was Rihanna. Read on to know what happened next at the party.