A 32-year-old man who is suspected of attempted murder after hijacking an ambulance and driving at several people in Oslo is to be questioned by police on Wednesday morning.
In an increasingly globalized world, teaching children to appreciate different perspectives and to be culturally sensitive to others is key to a modern education.
Germany will not block a request from Britain to extend the deadline for its exit from the EU beyond October 31st, Chancellor Angela Merkel's spokesman said Wednesday.
As the French government approves the first medical trials on cannabis for over 60 years, Professor David A Guber looks back at the long history of cannabis 'cures' in France.
Thousands of people have signed up for The Local's Europe & You newsletter which includes the essential news and practical information about Brexit and life in Europe for those living in the EU.Sign up here to receive the next newsletter.
A recent global survey of expats found that foreigners in Switzerland thought the country was hard to settle in, partly because it was so difficult to make friends with the locals. Is it really? Here's what you had to say.
Language teachers in Madrid have faced an unprecedented attack on their working rights in recent years, and the UK’s looming departure from the EU could potentially make matters a lot worse.
Visitors from countries such as the UK and - in particular the USA - might be expecting to see the shops full of pumpkins, ghost costumes and mini candy, but in France things are a little more restrained around Halloween.
Cabin crew at four Lufthansa subsidiary airlines staged a day-long strike Sunday, causing dozens of cancellations at German airports in a battle for better pay and conditions.
People's habits change in subtle ways when they move abroad, but how does Norway affect eating and drinking? We asked The Local Norway readers.
The number of passengers taking domestic flights in Sweden has fallen by eight percent so far this year, but airlines hope they can reverse the trend by working on sustainability.
A blockbuster retrospective of Leonardo da Vinci opens on Thursday at the Louvre museum to mark 500 years since the death of the Renaissance master in the historic town of Amboise, France.