Get the 'all-in-one' WordPress toolkit that includes ALL Themify themes and plugins, empowering you to build any WordPress site you can imagine.
30-day risk free money back guarantee!
Currently 42 responsive themes & counting
Total 12 plugins (including the popular Post Type Builder) & counting
Addons for the Builder such as Mosaic, Tiles, Contact, and more
5 addons for Post Type Builder & counting
Includes all Photoshop mockup files of all themes
Used by thousands of freelancers and site owners, Ultra is Themify's flagship theme due to its extreme power and flexibility. It is a true multi-purpose theme that can be used for any type of site. With a variety of layout options (header, footer, post layouts, etc.) that can be selected site-wide or for individual pages, and including a wide selection of skins & pre-made demos, Ultra is most developers' first theme choice.
Shoppe is a must-have theme for building eCommerce sites. It is equipped with a bevy of eCommerce features such as wishlist, quick look, mega menu, ajax cart, quick search, and so many more, as seen on professional shop sites. Similar to the Ultra theme, Shoppe also includes many layout options and collection of skins aka pre-made sites. Switch your site to Shoppe now and custom create your professional online shop!
Music is our 'all-in-one' theme for musicians. It includes a few custom post types to publish albums, videos, galleries, events, and press releases. The highlight of Music is our special continuous audio player. Visitors can enjoy non-stop music while browsing your site. Get your music stage-ready today, with Themify Music.
With Themify's drag-&-drop Builder, you can design literally any kind of layout! Themify Builder is packed with our built-in tools like our flexible grid system, responsive styling, sticky & parallax scrolling, video background, animation styles, and more. The Builder is extendable with addons such as Mosaic, Maps Pro, Contact, Pricing Table, and much more (total 25 addons and counting).
WordPress by default only has post and page types. If you need to build unique content and post types, Post Type Builder (PTB) is for you. With PTB, you can create any new custom post types, including property listings, movie & restaurant reviews, classified ads, and more. It is extendable with addons, which means you can do things like displaying posts on a map, creating an advanced search form to search specific custom fields in the post type, allowing users to submit posts on the frontend, and much more!
30-day risk free money back guarantee!
If you don't like it, we will refund your money.
NEW Framework Update: Update to use the latest gadgets to skyrocket your website farther, further, faster.