Based on the most current research on memory retention and comprehension, Themis’s lectures are segmented into 15-20 minute chapters specifically to optimize the amount of information you retain.
Themis’s online learning platform provides you with the resources you need to study effectively, ensuring you complete as much coursework as possible.
Your Personal Success Team is composed of a local Themis Director, Attorney Adviser, and a Dedicated Essay Grader who support you, offer their expertise, and encourage you when you need it most.
We offer insightful Performance Analytics so you can gauge how you stack up to other students by question, subject matter, and overall performance.
Themis is the best. Everyone taking other bar prep companies were envious of the courses, content, and guidance. You cannot go wrong when a company actually publishes their results! 10/10 would recommend.
Uses best study methodologies.
Lecturers and experts from top institutions.
Your own Attorney Adviser.
24/7 Customer Support.
Video lectures with substantive outlines and assessment quizzes on every testable subject.
Simulated exams and 2500+ MBE Practice Questions.
Hundreds of practice essays with unlimited grading.
Workshops on test-taking strategies.
Task-by-task daily calendar adjusted to your pace.
Diagnostic assessments that identify strengths and weaknesses.
On-demand video and study materials available across all your devices.
Personalized advice and feedback
Themis is built at the intersection of instructional design research and decades of experience with the bar exam. Our Prime – Present – Practice framework is designed to keep your attention and processing power focused on the task at hand: preparing for the bar exam.
Years of research across fields like cognitive science, educational psychology, and multimedia learning have yielded foundational instructional design principles for teaching and learning in an online environment. We’ve created this research base to show you why Themis works the way it does, and why we believe that the Themis methodology is the best way to prepare for the bar exam.
As much as one can enjoy bar prep, I really did enjoy this program. After speaking with students who took other commercial bar prep classes, I felt that Themis most closely related to the actual exam day and most adequately prepared their students. I would absolutely recommend Themis to future law students.