Superfast Shippingfrom just £2.99
No Quibblereturns policy
Next Day Deliveryorder by 2PM*
Brand New!
Welcome to The Pi Hut
You asked and we listened! We've added thousands of shiny products to our new maker range. Adafruit, DFRobot, Seeed & More! Browse our Maker Store to see what's new!
Featured Products
About Us
Here at The Pi Hut, we believe that the Raspberry Pi is one of the most exciting things to happen in Computing for many years. Our aim is to help Raspberry Pi owners get the most out of their Rpi experience.
Our team has a special fondness for the Raspberry Pi computer, Raspberry Pi accessories, and even the occasional Arduino project. We believe that a project is only as good as the components it is made of, and our specialized web store helps you invent never-before-thought-of creations.
We see The Pi Hut as a Raspberry Pi superstore, where else can you find the biggest names in Raspberry Pi accessories all under one roof?
There are several reasons you should choose The Pi Hut when shopping for your Raspberry Pi Accessories. These include:
Our team has a special fondness for the Raspberry Pi computer, Raspberry Pi accessories, and even the occasional Arduino project. We believe that a project is only as good as the components it is made of, and our specialized web store helps you invent never-before-thought-of creations.
We see The Pi Hut as a Raspberry Pi superstore, where else can you find the biggest names in Raspberry Pi accessories all under one roof?
There are several reasons you should choose The Pi Hut when shopping for your Raspberry Pi Accessories. These include:
- Diversity. We offer a diverse selection of products to suit all needs
- Fast shipping. If you reside in the UK, you will receive your order within a few short days of your purchase!
- Superior Customer Service. We are just as passionate (if not more so) about tech gadgets as our customers, so you can shop with us in confidence. If within 14 days of your purchase you decide you aren't happy with our product you can ship it back to us for a refund.