Nearly Half Of Women Surveyed Had Hypomanic Symptoms Following Childbirth
Bipolar disorder is a neuroprogressive illness and early detection is vital. One of the most potent triggers for a bipolar episode childbirth. Unfortunately, resear...
We are a network of licensed and professional clinical counselors, therapists, and psychologists who strive to make mental health care safe, affordable, and accessible. We hold compassionate values in therapy that cares for the whole person. Our goal is to help people reach their potential, overcome difficult journeys, and effect real and lasting change. We maintain strong academic rigor, as therapists on Theravive hold advanced degrees and are required to be fully licensed to practice counseling. Our purpose is to connect you to the right professional, giving you a better direction, attainable goals, and a clearer understanding of how to get there. Our therapists specialize in every form of counseling, including relationships, anxiety, trauma / PTSD, depression, families, career change, addictions, children, eating disorders, couples, and marriages. If you are seeking help for your family, a loved one, your marriage, or an issue in your own life, please enter your zip code or city to start your therapist or psychologist search and begin your path to healing today.
Our mission is to provide values-based counselors and resources to individuals, couples, and families for lasting change. Our specialized approach to counselling results in an effective and powerful system aimed at truly resolving issues and restoring brokenness, returning individuals, families, and loved ones to a life of greater purpose and meaning- a life that is full of hope, having a clear path to a brighter future.
Quickly locate a therapist near you in the US and Canada using our Therapist Finder. Or you can find therapy by State / Province
Licensed and professional counselors are able to help you anywhere in the world. See our online therapy page to learn more.. You may call, with no obligation, free of charge, any of our online therapists to find the best fit for your unique situation.
Browse our events section to see what is in your area.
Bipolar disorder is a neuroprogressive illness and early detection is vital. One of the most potent triggers for a bipolar episode childbirth. Unfortunately, resear...
Researchers at the Brain Dynamics Laboratory in Chicago conducted a trial for the hormone pregnenolone with volunteers who have high scores on a loneliness scale. Th...
In need of a mental health day? Students in New York state may be closer to getting theirs covered. A state senator has introduced legislation to make mental health ...
The average age of women giving birth is on the rise. Most countries participating in the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) experienced a ...
This discussion is concerned with individuals self-identified, as incels. Incel stands for involuntary celibate. The term, which is still unknown to a large part of...