Shift Your World.
Awaken your full potential.
Welcome to The Shift Network — Your Access to the Best
Transformational Education, Media and Events on the Planet.
educational company
partnering with the
world's top teachers,
experts and healers
to support your
personal learning journey.
Becoming part of The Shift Network connects you with a like-minded community — together, we can create a beautiful world that works for all.
CLICK BELOW to join our mailing list, receive an invitation to our next virtual training.
You have signed up for our free Catalyst e-zine.
Courses
Awaken to a fulfilled life of joy and service with expert guidance from the worlds top transformative teachers.
Through our courses, you have access to powerful trainings to help achieve your full potential, and take all aspects of your life to the next level.
Discover More About Shift Courses HereSHIFT COURSES
Events
We create transformative events to help you live an extraordinary life and unleash your greatest gifts.
Join more than 1,300,000 people from 170 countries who have taken part in our offerings in Spirituality, Personal Growth, Holistic Health & Wellness, Psychology, Shamanism, Enlightened Business, Relationships & Parenting, Social Impact, and much more.
Click below for Event ListingsSHIFT EVENTS
Impact
In our commitment to shift toward a planet that is healthy, sustainable, peaceful, and prosperous for all, we are striving to make an impact on multiple fronts.
What sets us apart from most transformational education companies is that our content focuses both on your personal transformation and how we can shift our world in innovative and inspiring ways. Along with a vast array of free transformational content, we donate hundreds of thousands of dollars in scholarships each year for our in-depth trainings.
In addition, we give a substantial percentage of our annual profits to charitable organizations and allocate a significant amount of company stock toward nonprofits that are profoundly shifting our world.
We strive to be a great company in all aspects — one that values and supports employee wellness, growth, and community service.
Media
Along with our courses and events, we create conscious media to inspire, inform and support your growth and connect you with important shifts happening on the planet
Access videos and interviews from our team, our faculty and thought leaders from many diverse fields that will deepen your learning, accelerate your evolution and boost your impact in the world.
Blog Posts
Customer
Support
Have questions or need assistance?
Visit our Customer Support & Help Center here. Youll find answers to frequently asked questions and helpful articles about our courses, summits, retreats, and events. You can also submit a Help Request to connect with one of our friendly Support Specialists, or you can directly email us at support@theshiftnetwork.com.