We have seen all kinds of algorithms, techniques and methodologies in recent times pertaining to human health, behaviour, moods and whatnot. But we now have a new algorithm which relates to scanning your face and what it does is pretty interesting as well. This face-scanning algorithm is supposed to tell you if you deserve to…
Latest
Last updated on By V Gayatry
Skullcandy is offering Tile Mate free with purchase of Sesh as festive offer
Diwali is around the corner and Skullcandy is ready to surprise with the fantastic festive offer. Gifting is considered as a very old ritual during the Diwali festival. Now we have a piece of great news for SkullCandy fans who are planning to buy Skullcandy earphones. Skullcandy Sesh is a decent True Wireless Earbuds with…
Last updated on By Sarath Chinthada
Harnessing the Power of Social Media for Your Sales
Nearly 70 percent of all Americans use Facebook, according to the Pew Research Center. While other social media outlets like Instagram, Pinterest, and LinkedIn may see fewer users, more than a quarter of the population has an account on these platforms. With the average person spending a whopping 2.2 hours on social media each day, there are plenty of…
Last updated on By Sarath Chinthada
Pros and Cons Of Outsourcing Embedded Software Design
Many businesses are able to get their work finished at much faster speeds, with higher quality and lower cost due to outsourcing. This method of getting the job done is increasingly popular and has spilled over into embedded software design services. There are more companies utilizing this for their embedded software design needs allowing them…
Last updated on By Abhishek Jariwala
Apple’s iPhone 11 series gets HDR playback support on YouTube
Apple released its latest iPhone 11 series phones in the market and it is fair to say that they have been a huge hit. Now, Google also released their Pixel 4 series phones but they have been a letdown due to poor battery life, second-best camera, and higher price tag. Talking about the iPhones, Apple…
Last updated on By Abhishek Jariwala
HTC launches the affordable Exodus 1s smartphone with cryptocurrency power
One upon a time, HTC was believed to be the best smartphone manufacturer as it produced hits after hits every year. Now, the company was never known as an affordable brand but it was seen as a premium manufacturer. But HTC started to produce smartphones that were under par for the flagship segment which made…
Last updated on By Abhishek Jariwala
An Apple analyst claims iPhone 12 will have four models
Apple launched a few new smartphones in its iPhone series last month which came in the iPhone 11 series. Similar to last year, we saw Apple launch iPhone 11 series with three different models. These were the iPhone 11, iPhone 11 Pro and the Pro Max. Last year as well, we saw the iPhone Xr,…
Last updated on By Rahul Vithala
How to fix error 0x00000709 unable to set default printer in Windows 10
There are plenty of Printer errors that are common in Windows 10. Many people complain printer is offline in Windows and some are facing unable to update the printer drivers. Windows 10 error 0x00000709 is most common among multiple printers users. If you are using a single printer this problem never comes. It is a…
Last updated on By Abhishek Jariwala
Google Pixel 4 face unlock has a massive security flaw at launch
One of the big headlines this week is that the latest smartphones from Google have been released. We are talking about the Google Pixel 4 series which comes with the best of Google inside them. This year, the company tried to do something different where they introduced a face unlock mechanism on its devices. For…
Last updated on By V Gayatry
How to fix printer driver update problem in Windows 10
An update is a process to bring fixes and compatible versions from the manufacturer to sync with your Windows machine. These updates are necessary to maintain functionality up to date. When Microsoft releases a major update, many printer manufacturers release their updates compatible with the Windows version. Updating drivers is a regular process and everyone…