Windows 10 uses XTS-AES 128 bit by default for operating system drives as well as fixed data drives – and AES-CBC 128 bit by default for removable data drives. In this post, we will show you how to set a […]
Windows File Manager (winfile) is reborn!The program now comes with enhancements for Windows 10. Microsoft Windows File Manager is the graphical user interface (GUI) through which end users could see and manipulate files and folders on early-version Windows computers. File […]
YouTube History makes it easier for us to find and play videos we like or prefer watching repeatedly. But, if this feature concerns your privacy, you can control it by deleting or pausing your history. Google gives its users an […]
A Power Plan is a collection of hardware and system settings that manages how your computer uses power. Power plans can help you save energy, maximize system performance, or achieve a balance between the two. In this post, we will […]
File History is a useful feature in the Windows 10 operating system. This feature makes an automatic back up versions of important files on a computer to internal or external storage on a computer. These files can also be backed […]
VPN is a very useful feature for modern computers in today’s times. It helps commercial as well as non-commercial users in many ways. For commercial or corporate users, they can access their company’s private servers using this VPN connection, whereas […]
Surface Pro X is the new 2-in-1 that will boost up the mobility factor of the Surface devices. One of the highlighting features of this device is that it is being powered by a processor based on the ARM architecture. […]
If you are looking for a Gmail client for Windows, you should give Twobird a try. This is a free email client for Windows 10/8/7 that has some good features like Reminders and Notes. You can find all the features, […]
In today’s post, we will share how to configure various basic Power Options; you can try yourself to improve power efficiency that impacts battery life and the overall performance of your Windows 10 device. Let’s delve in. What are Power […]
Windows 10 often experiences Blue Screen of Death errors. There are several other screens of death that a Windows machine can face. The White Screen on Windows is also an error where the screen of the computer just turns white […]
If you are trying to set a screen saver on your computer, but the Screen saver settings are greyed out in Windows 10, then this post will show you how to fix it. When this happens, you might not be […]
The Google Duo app is not available for Windows 10. But Google has released a web app for its voice and video calling service. With the power of Progressive Web Apps, Google Duo can also be installed using Edge browser on Windows […]
While trying to sync Windows Mail client or loading new e-mails, have you recently seen Error 0x80072746 on your system? In this event, when you load a specific Mail; you see an error message which reads: We’re having a problem […]
The Configuration Editor (about:config page) in Mozilla Firefox lists settings known as preferences. Most of these preferences are advanced settings that are not present in the Options panel. Changing them inappropriately can evoke strange behavior or lead to the break […]
Not too long-ago Microsoft announced the Surface Earbuds, the first truly wireless earbuds the company has ever created. They are very similar in some ways to many wireless earbuds on the market today, but in its own way, the product […]
The Snipping Tool can be used to create screenshots and screen snippets of a screen on your Windows computer. However, with recent feature updates of Windows 10, Microsoft has replaced it with the all-new Snip and Sketch app. But some […]
The built-in Disk Cleanup Tool may have some items to delete checked and unchecked by default. But you may want to have all the items checked by default instead when you open it. This post will show you how to […]
The faint or washed-out text that appears in the background of your content is a watermark. Its purpose is to mark authenticity of the maker. Office applications like Microsoft Word allows you to insert a watermark in its documents and […]
A lot about how your computer manages the network depends on the Wireless Card present and the driver version installed on your computer. There are some major manufacturers of these Wireless Cards on computers like Realtek, Qualcomm, Atheros, and more. […]
Microsoft took off the wraps from various new Surface devices and software features for Windows 10. They not only announced not only new devices but also new features that would be available. One of the new Surface devices announced was […]