Subscription websites for IB educators with integrated student access
Find out more
InThinking Subject Sites
Supporting IB educators
- Comprehensive help & advice on teaching the IB diploma.
- Written by experts with vast subject knowledge.
- Innovative ideas on ATL & pedagogy.
- Detailed guidance on all aspects of assessment.
Developing great materials
- More than 7 million words across 17 sites.
- Masses of ready-to-go resources for the classroom.
- Dynamic links to current affairs & real world issues.
- Updates every week 52 weeks a year.
Integrating student access
- Give your students direct access to relevant site pages.
- Single student login for all of your school’s subscriptions.
- Create reading, writing, discussion, and quiz assignments.
- Monitor student progress & collate in online gradebook.
Meeting schools' needs
- Global reach with more than 50,000 users worldwide.
- Use our materials to create compelling unit plans.
- Save time & effort which you can reinvest elsewhere.
- Consistently good feedback from subscribers.
For information about pricing, click here
See what users are saying about our Subject Sites:
Find out more about our Student Access feature:
Recommendationsmore
John Crane provides an invaluable resource for all IB Psychology teachers. The site provides up to date studies and relevant material in the current news. It has become my go-to source for IB specific materials.
I highly recommend any IB Mathematics teacher who is seeking expert guidance on how best to teach either Standard Level or Higher Level Mathematics in today's classroom to subscribe to the InThinking website. It is an invaluable resource for both...
An excellent and invaluable site that will make the teaching of IB Literature both fun and engaging for students and teachers. The quality and quantity of material, tips and resources is impressive.
This website provides an extensive range of rich resources that are implementation ready. There is something for everyone in here. Both new and experienced teachers will find value, ranging from practical lab activities as well as online database/simulation...
Most popular
Body of work
German A: Lang & Lit
Der Begriff "body of work" ist in den vergangenen Wochen und Monaten in vielen Workshops diskutiert worden. In der deutschen Fassung des IB Guides (Handbuch Sprache...more
Internal Assessment
English A: Literature
The Individual OralReplacing the IOP and IOC, the individual oral combines aspects of both previous assessments into one internal assessment task, which is the...more
Inquiry-based
School Leadership
"Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning." (Albert Einstein)One of the six IB approaches to teaching...more
Lengua e identidad
Spanish B
¿Cómo influyen nuestra lengua, nuestra cultura, nuestra etnia en la formación de nuestra identidad?En esta unidad, hemos reflexionado sobre los aspectos que...more
Déroulement de l'oral individuel (NM)
French B Orals
L’oral individuel se déroule en trois parties précédées d’un temps de préparation.Le candidat ne doit ni se présenter, ni indiquer le nom de son école...more
3. Japanese expansion in East Asia (1931 - 1941) (ATL)
History
The growth of Japanese nationalism and militarism after 1931 and the consequent expansion of Japan into East Asia led to war with China and conflict with the West....more
Text type expectations
English B
What should we be teaching our students about the text types required under the new Subject Guide (2018, for first assessment in 2020)? To put it another way, how...more
Activity teaching order
Physics
The whole course can be delivered through the activities on this website, Chris has been doing it this way for some years. Here is his teaching order.In this practical...more