Cloud Based School Management Software and Online Gradebook
Cloud Based School Management Software
Online Gradebook for Solo Teachers
Getting Your School Online Couldn’t be Easier
Start Free
First start a free trial account. Add students, teachers and classes. Setup enrollment, attendance, schedules, custom grades and custom fields. Invite teachers, students and parents to access their online accounts.
Customize
When you have started, call (866) 339 9283 or email sales@thinkwave.com and tell us exactly what want for your customized report card. We’ll help fine tune your setup to make your school management software work exactly right.
Subscribe
When everything is to your satisfaction, purchase a monthly or annual subscription. The work you’ve done during the free trial remains in your account.
Why Choose ThinkWave
Save hours compiling report cards and transcripts.
Administrators manage students, classes, schedules, attendance, and custom data. Teachers use a prepopulated gradebook to plan curriculum, record grades, and submit attendance. Students and parents login to track progress, download materials and submit assignments.
Time savings add up when double entry is eliminated and data flows smoothly. Everyone has access to all the data they need in the school management software. Best of all, generating reports becomes an enjoyable, one-click task.
Make your school look great with custom reports and transcripts.
A flexible system of custom fields lets you specify exactly what data needs to be recorded. A powerful reporting architecture provides custom reports that precisely meet the most exacting reporting requirements in any language.
Perfectly-tailored and highly-professional reports make your school look great to students, parents, and other constituents.
Cloud-based solution provides security and reliability.
ThinkWave is available 24/7/365 from any location with an internet connection using personal computers, tablets or smartphones. It’s hosted on Google App Engine, together with education innovators such as Udemy and Khan Academy. Data is securely stored in encrypted form in multiple, geographically-distributed data centers.
The cost of subscribing to ThinkWave is much less than maintaining a high-availability system in-house.
All-inclusive license with support and upgrades.
Subscription includes school administration system, teacher gradebooks, online access for students and parents, technical support, and upgrades. Pay monthly or save up to 16.4% by choosing an annual plan.
Simple, understandable and predictable pricing eliminates headaches and lets you focus your energies on what’s most important: educating your students.
Some words from our happy schools
" ThinkWave has enhanced our ability to communicate, support our staff, manage students, interact with parents and other schools, and house our student data. "