Revealing true value.
Investors trust Third Bridge as an unbiased research partner. We uncover the intelligence that makes or breaks investments.Find out more
Investors trust Third Bridge as an unbiased research partner. We uncover the intelligence that makes or breaks investments.Find out more
Third Bridge Connections provides access to industry experts who can offer unique insights into companies and markets.
Forum is a primary research product which presents the value-added independent insights and opinions of industry specialists in a moderated interview format.
5 April 2019
We are honoured to be among Britain’s top 100 private companies with the fastest-growing profits in the Sunday Times BDO Profit Track 100.
The ranking is now in its 20th year and acknowledges rapidly growing private companies headquartered in the UK. The award is based on the average annual growth rate in operating profits over the previous three financial years.
“We are honoured and humbled to be recognised for our profit growth, and it’s something we attribute to the hard work of our employees and the trust of our clients,” said Emmanuel Tahar, co-founder and chief executive officer at Third Bridge. “I find it especially gratifying that this growth did not come at the expense of bold investments back into the business that deliver client success and build a great workplace.”
For more information on the award, and to see the full list of honourees, please visit www.fasttrack.co.uk.
7 February 2019
We are thrilled to reveal that we're been recognised as one of Britain’s 200 companies with the fastest-growing international sales by The Sunday Times HSBC International Track 200. The inclusion marks the second time in the past four years Third Bridge has been honoured with the distinction.
The list recognises and celebrates Britain’s private companies with the fastest-growing international sales over their latest two financial years. It is compiled by Fast Track and published in The Sunday Times each February.
“Our three largest markets are the US, China and here in the UK, and this recognition is a tribute to the hard work of our team and clients to accelerate our global growth,” said Emmanuel Tahar, co-founder and chief executive officer at Third Bridge. “Although we’re headquartered in the UK, we consider ourselves a global company and look forward to continued investment in growth both domestically and internationally.”
For more information on the award, and to see the full list of honourees, please visit the Fast Track website.