I guess you could say it is Magic Is Real season with Dillon Francis serving up another single off his forthcoming mixtape. Still riding...
Want to become a Featured Artist? Click Here
204315 698624You got a very good website, Gladiola I discovered…
Let’s start off with the fact that this tour looked top class before even stepping foot in the newly renovated State Farm Arena. The Chainsmokers and their team came guns loaded with enough pyro to...
Following a steady flow of singles, avid bass music fans can now enjoy Eliminate‘s highly-anticipated Dead Sea EP in its entirety! Showcasing his production prowess throughout, this rim-rattling body of work serves as an audio...
You read that right. Valentino Khan is coming to House of Blues in Anaheim! This is your chance to win a pair of tickets for you and a friend to see the show for free....
Once again finding another gem while digging the depths of Soundcloud, this new ELEVATD is one monsterous tune for all you bass heads out there! After lighting up our speakers with one bone-rattling remix of...
Is there anyone hotter than Prismo as of late? After dropping singles “Fire” and “Nightmare” in addition to a remix package for each, he’s just unveiled his latest single! Looking to keep his hot streak...
Returning to Tommie Sunshine’s Brooklyn Fire imprint once again, Who’s John continues to impress with this latest offering “Thrill Ur Mind.” The New York native throws it back with an old school house hit which...
There has certainly been no shortage of talent when it comes to the world of bass music over the past few years and Firepower Records always seems to have their finger on the pulse of...
Once again popping up on our release radar, Bloodtone follows up his recent remix of Deadmau5 and Kaskade‘s “I Remember” with an eerie new original! Looking to thrive in the sinister realm of house music,...
Continuing to make a name for himself in the world of dubstep, Tyro follows up his hard-hitting original “Death Rattle” with a bootleg of one of the biggest bass anthems of 2019. Working his magic...
After proving to be a driving force when it comes to the world of remixes time and time again, Tropix has delivered a fresh rendition of Leah Kate’s “WTF?.” After lighting up our speakers with...
RSS