THOMAS SABO
Since 1984 the name THOMAS SABO has stood for versatile, innovative and trendsetting jewellery and watch designs of the highest quality and for high-end beauty products. The unmistakable Sterling Silver collection, the Charm Club and the exclusive Fine Jewellery collection give the brand its face.
A major aspect of THOMAS SABO is individuality: our diverse designs for pendants, earrings, chains, rings, beads and bracelets are harmonised and can be combined perfectly with one another. This gives rise to a quite personal look and unique jewellery statements emerge. Our aim is to offer every customer – whether man or woman – the ideal accessory for every outfit and for every occasion. You can then reinvent yourself every day, from timeless classic to way-out rock 'n' roll style.
Sterling Silver collection
The Sterling Silver collection combines the ladies' jewellery line Glam & Soul, the gentlemen's line Rebel at heart and the new unisex line Karma Beads. All items of jewellery are made of high-quality 925 Sterling silver. The style of our Sterling Silver designs is unique and unmistakable. The themes are as varied as life itself and invariably cutting-edge. Twice a year – parallel to the schedule of the international fashion shows – we present our latest silver creations. The introduction of the Karma Beads opens up the possibility of many varied and individual combinations between the individual lines. Whether to create elegant or sporty outfits, for the office or for the special evening occasion – THOMAS SABO offers unique jewellery which lends every look and every style a certain something.
Charm Club collection
The Charm Club collection of 925 Sterling silver with its 500 enchanting and filigree motifs provides an introduction to the multifaceted THOMAS SABO jewellery. Since 2006 the charm creations have been launched twice a year and they arouse the collecting passion of fans throughout the world. You can choose from a wide range of different styles and motifs which will highlight your own look in an ideal fashion. Whether you are looking for suitable charms for the coming summer holiday, Christmas presents for loved ones or a sparkling gift for yourself – the THOMAS SABO Charm Club offers the perfect accessory for all occasions.
Watches collection
Since 2009 the Watches collection has been added to the THOMAS SABO product portfolio and it ideally reflects the brand's DNA. Whether for a cocktail party, for an elegant dinner or as a favourite daily companion – the collection with its high-profile ladies' and gentlemen's watches provides the perfect timepiece for any occasion. Whether as a three-handed watch or as a chronograph, whether with a stainless steel or ceramic casing and bracelet, or with an elegant leather bracelet – high design standards and excellent quality of material and workmanship are the distinguishing features of these watches.
Fine Jewellery collection
For the first time the company is presenting with THOMAS SABO Fine Jewellery a genuine jewellery collection. It is made in masterly fashion from the most precious metals such as 18k gold, rose gold or 925 Sterling silver plus sparkling diamonds and brightly coloured precious stones. On the one hand the collection offers creations inspired by Indian culture, such as the seven elegant Chakra pendants and opulent body jewellery. On the other iconic motifs from the Sterling Silver collection, such as the Skull, the Love Knot or the Wheel of Karma, are interpreted anew.
The Fine Jewellery collection stands out by virtue of its luxurious precious metals, exquisite designs and positive life energy.