10 millionappointments.
Appointment Scheduler Software
Schedule appointments & classes in seconds.Try it for free
You'll save time and your clients will love it.
You'll save time and your clients will love it.
Trusted by Stanford, Yale, NYU, Zumba Fitness & Hawaiian Airlines
Benefits of appointment scheduling software:
1. Easy to use. Schedule appointments and classes in seconds.
2. Always organized. Your secretary, phone & appointment book all rolled into one.
3. Clients - now with a perfect memory. With the help of our reminders by email & text.
4. Friendly TimeCenter support team, ready to help. Hey, that's 4, thanks for noticing!
Check out all features
2. Always organized. Your secretary, phone & appointment book all rolled into one.
3. Clients - now with a perfect memory. With the help of our reminders by email & text.
4. Friendly TimeCenter support team, ready to help. Hey, that's 4, thanks for noticing!
Check out all features
My clients really love the simplicity of TimeCenter. Really impressed.
Cat Wong, Vocal coach
Our customers have scheduled over
A handy appointment scheduling software for your business
While TimeCenter takes care of your appointments, you can take care of your clients. Our booking calendar is extremely easy to use and at the same time very powerful. You no longer need your appointment book and you don't need a receptionist. TimeCenter does all that, and much more.
Supercharge your appointment book
You can get started in just 60 seconds. The setup is very easy and you will create your calendar in a jiffy. You can use TimeCenter for many different businesses that need scheduling, like massage therapist, beauty salons, coaches, events, meetings and workshops. We'll take care of the reminders and your schedule, and you will take care of your clients. While TimeCenter takes care of your appointments, you can take care of your clients.
No more no-shows - Reminders that rock
This is the holy grail of all appointments. You will automatically send handy reminders to your clients by email or text message. We promise that they will appreciate it and you will never look back, wondering how you could have lived without this genius feature. All appointment books are now a thing of the past. Welcome to the future of appointments where all clients remember their appointments!
Timely notes - Your memory is now perfect
You can add notes to both appointments and clients. You can look up a previous appointment and see that the clients dog is called Spot or add a note about important details about your visit.
Event and Class Registration
TimeCenter is great for Event Registration and Class Registration too. Get more attendees with our newsletters to market your classes even more. Works great for: Yoga, Pilates, Spinning, Fitness centers and gyms, Conferences
More appointments. Guaranteed.
You will get more appointments and happier clients with your new and shiny TimeCenter scheduler. We're so confident in that so we offer you a unique 100% money-back guarantee.
If you are not 100% satisfied, you are free to cancel your account within 30 days of your first purchase and you will get a full refund. No questions asked.
If you are not 100% satisfied, you are free to cancel your account within 30 days of your first purchase and you will get a full refund. No questions asked.
The iCal feature works great with Google and my iPhone, couldn't be happier.
Joe Nocella, 718 Cyclery, New York
I love TimeCenter because of its simplicity.
Michael Elkoussy, Vancouver, Canada
We're happy to be paying customers of TimeCenter! Thanks for the free trial and great job on your software.
Sam Arie, UK Carbon Census, London
I really like TimeCenter. We looked at several, and the selling point for us was the ability to cancel/reschedule appointments.
Danny Aynes, Linn-Benton College, Oregon
TimeCenter is always on, it is right at the fingertips of your clients, it takes no lunch break, no sick days, no weekends off, no vacations, it just works for you round the clock.
Moses Follman, Drive Thru Auto School, New York
I have been highly recommending Timecenter to all of my business associates, who now have signed up with you. I think your support is great and your services are second to none. So a huge THANK YOU!!
Simone Bradshaw, Clinical Hypnotherapist, Hampshire, UK
My clients love it. The text reminders are the best!
Stacy Levin, The Botox Girl, Frisco, Texas
Businesses that use our appointment scheduling software
Class registrationCourse management
Room management
Class enrollment software
Yoga, Pilates, Spinning
Fitness centers and gyms
Conferences