Office Info
Todd Spalding
Desjardins Insurance Agent, Peterborough, ON 2-1625 Sherbrooke St
Peterborough Ontario, K9K 0E6 In the beautiful west end of Peterborough on Sherbrooke St just east of Brealey.
Todd Spalding
Desjardins Insurance Agent, Peterborough, ON 2-1625 Sherbrooke St
Peterborough Ontario, K9K 0E6 In the beautiful west end of Peterborough on Sherbrooke St just east of Brealey.
2-1625 Sherbrooke St
Peterborough Ontario, K9K 0E6 In the beautiful west end of Peterborough on Sherbrooke St just east of Brealey.
2-1625 Sherbrooke St Peterborough, ON
K9K 0E6
In the beautiful west end of Peterborough on Sherbrooke St just east of Brealey.Map & Directions
Insurance Industry leadership experience beginning in 1997.
Agency providing Insurance and Financial Services since 2001.
Serving Peterborough, the Kawartha's and the GTA.
Strong community supporter of the PRHC, the Peterborough Petes, the Peterborough Lakers, the Ennismore Eagles, the Lakefield Chiefs, Waterski Wakeboard Canada and Canada Snowboard.
Waterfront, Cottage and Seasonal Property Specialist
Boat and Watercraft Insurance Expert
We offer quick Home and Auto Insurance quotes
Business Insurance
Life Insurance
Health Insurance
Disability Insurance
Critical Illness Insurance
Thinking of starting your own business? You’re not alone: nearly three million Canadians are self-employed. But if you’re planning to set up headquarters in your home, be aware that your homeowners insurance may not adequately protect your business.
Read our checklist before you head out on your RV adventure, so you’ll be all set for a smooth ride.
While floods pose special risks to coastal and low-lying communities, more than 25 per cent of flood insurance claims are made by owners in low-to-moderate risk areas. Follow the emergency planning steps below so that rising waters don’t catch you and your family off guard.
Please correct the following:
Our mission is to help people manage the risks of everyday life, recover from the unexpected and realize their dreams.