All the tools and features you need to
grow your vacation rental business.
Best-In-Class,
Full Stack Solution
Tokeet offers a complete, fully integrated, and best-in-class suite of products for all aspects of your rental business.
Our platform contains all the tools you need to grow from 1 to 1K rentals.
We are the only full stack platform on the market.
Tokeet is your one-stop-shop for vacation rental management software solutions.
It all starts with a powerful channel manager at the core. Tokeet keeps all your channels automatically
and instantly updated with the latest rates and availability. Synchronize across your marketing sites,
your own website, and anywhere else you like. Tokeet has API integrations with all the major booking channels
so your listings are always accurate.
Tokeet is a full-fledged property management system (PMS), well-equipped to manage all of your reservations and properties. Send invoices with one click and accept credit card payments directly. Tokeet centralizes all guest communications, allows team coordination, tracks expenses, runs reports, and much more.
Tokeet makes it easy to stay on top of your business whether you have one rental or one thousand.
Rategenie is a dynamic pricing application that takes the guess work out of getting the most revenue
for your rentals. Rategenie's Perfect Pricing algorithm can increase your rental income up to 30% or more.
Getting the perfect price everyday is easier than you think and costs much less than competing products.
Save time, money, and generate more income with Rategenie. Learn more about Rategenie.
Seamlessly Integrated
eSignature for Forms
& Contracts
Signature is your complete eSignature and document management solution. It's fully integrated in the Tokeet
stack and automates all your guest document workflows. Automatically send guest contracts and rental agreements,
collect feedback via custom forms and questionnaires, and automatically customize each document for every guest.
Create a first class workflow experience for your guests with Signature and Tokeet.
Learn more about Signature.
Automata is the workflow automation application of your dreams. Automate all guest communications,
integrate with third party apps without writing a line of code, send SMS, Emails, and web requests
to your guests, team, or anyone else. Automata does it all and is part of the Tokeet platform
with a seamless integration with all of our products.
Learn more about Automata.
Create a beautiful website
for your vacation rentals
Tokeet Website Builder allows you to easily and quickly create a beautiful, mobile-friendly, search engine optimized website for your vacation rentals with all the features and functionality of the professional advertising channels.
These guys run their business as true professionals and build state-of-the-art, well-designed, modern software for both web and mobile. Tokeet provided me the best-in-class solution to help me manage my properties on Airbnb and take the next step to scale the listings and drive more business through other channels.
Read more
L. Broward
I've been using them for a year now and they've been awesome. There's a little learning curve since their features are more advanced than the other vacation rental management programs I tried, but that was over in a couple days. They walked me through everything and were very kind about it, so I have to give them a lot of credit there too.
Read more
Chris .p
The developers are consistent with updating new features and customer support is very responsive.
Read more
Raj.N
By far the best PMS/channel manager out there at the moment. I have been trying various systems for months and this is really intuitive and feature packed - it's so simple to use.
Read more
Moshin.c
What can you achieve with us
Go Mobile & Take
Tokeet Everywhere
Take Tokeet on the road with our mobile apps and manage your vacation rentals wherever you are. Never be stuck behind your desk again or miss an important timeline. Tokeet keeps you updated and in charge no matter what you're doing.
Impress your guests right from the start with a branded and beautiful user experience when they sign your digital contract. Tokeet helps you make that lasting impression and differentiate your rental and brand from your competitors.
Tokeet integrates with the tools you already use and love to make your life easier. Combine the power of Tokeet with other apps like
Secure & Legally
Binding
Tokeet's Signature is compliant with all major eSignature laws including ESIGN, UETA, and European eIDAS. Our SSL encryption, world-class server infrastructure and audit trails ensure that your documents are kept safe and secure.