Comcast Lobbies US Lawmakers Over Google DNS Encryption
Comcast targets Google in new lobby to US Lawmakers over Google's new DNS encryption settings planned for Chrome.
Comcast targets Google in new lobby to US Lawmakers over Google's new DNS encryption settings planned for Chrome.
Believe it or not, Gemini Lake processors are quite popular in the entry-level market.
Galax has introduced a new series of graphics cards under the Work The Frames branding. The initial lineup includes custom models for the RTX 2080 Super and RTX 2070 Super.
AMD Ryzen 7 3800X reportedly saw 1.9% improvement in all-core boost clock.
Ray tracing starts with the entry-level RTX cards.
Google published research saying its 54-qubit quantum computer achieved quantum supremacy. IBM already started disputing the claim earlier this week.
If you've ever wanted to see what a 64-core CPU looks like from the inside, here's your chance!
Intel launched an antitrust lawsuit against Fortress, alleging that the company stockpiled patents for the purpose of forcing technology companies to pay royalties.
A German media outlet reports that Intel is halving the price of its Skylake-X processors.
Microsoft updated the Xbox Game Bar with an Achievements overlay and customizable frame rate counter.
The Asus ROG Mothership offers strong performance in a distinct design with amazing speakers. But it’s very expensive, and far from quiet.
Sapphire's tri-fan Navi XT card is colorful, quiet, and speedy. But it's also pricier than most of its competition.
The Aorus CV27Q curved monitor boasts the pixel density of QHD, along with HDR, adaptive sync and high-refresh for a great gaming experience at under $500.
The HyperX Cloud Mix headset delivers with excellent sound quality, comfort, understated design, premium build quality and Bluetooth capabilities, but its high price tag is a turn off.
Whether you’re typing or playing an battle royale, these gaming keyboards provide the best combination of responsiveness, features and style.
Here are our favorite gaming laptops for every need, based on our testing and reviews.
Believe it or not, Gemini Lake processors are quite popular in the entry-level market.
Galax has introduced a new series of graphics cards under the Work The Frames branding. The initial lineup includes custom models for the RTX 2080 Super and RTX 2070 Super.
A GitHub commit to AMD's ROCm GPU software suggests AMD will support the BFloat16 numeric data format for deep learning.
The Asus ROG Mothership offers strong performance in a distinct design with amazing speakers. But it’s very expensive, and far from quiet.
The latest Debian patch fixed a bug in sudo that granted unauthorized users root access.
Canonical released Ubuntu 19.10 today with support for the Raspberry Pi 4 and other upgrades.
Whether you're looking for a sub-$1,000 system that runs mid-range games or a VR-ready battle station, we've found the gaming laptop deal for you.