Fine Motor Skills involve the use of precise and coordinated movements of the fingers to perform hand use tasks.
Bilateral Coordination involves the ability to use both sides of the body at the same time.
Visual Perception is the vision skills needed to understand, evaluate, and interpret what is seen.
Visual Motor Integration is the coordination of hand movements based upon the perception of visual information.
Sensory Processing refers to the way a person’s nervous system receives sensory messages and turns them into adaptive or functional responses.
Gross Motor Skills involve the use of large muscles groups for the performance of functions such as walking, running, jumping, riding a bike and playing sports.
Handwriting is a complex process of recording language by hand, often by using paper and a pen or pencil.
Executive Function is a term used to describe the many tasks one's brain performs that are necessary to think, act, and solve problems.
Self Care and Life Skills include the various ADLs and IADLs that a child performs.
Comprehensive resources for clinic and caseload management.
Comprehensive caregiver education and resources for use when collaborating with others.
This section will offer fun and exciting resources for various holidays and seasons.
Simply put, literacy is the ability to read and write. Communication includes the exchange of thoughts, messages, or information through speech, gesture, behavior, symbols, and/or written materials.
Social Skills refers to effective interaction and communication with others. It is necessary for developing and keeping friendships and other relationships.
Keyboarding skills are increasingly important for academic success and daily living. This includes entering simple data into forms, as well as writing long essays.
These resources will provide students with the tools necessary to gain the appropriate skills, knowledge, attitudes and behaviors required for professional practice.
Welcome to Tools to Grow! We are so excited you are here! Our mission is to provide valuable tools to therapists, educators, special needs teachers, and parents/caregivers to help with the most important job there is … helping children grow! Tools to Grow, Inc. is a place to share ideas and inspire others with engaging print and go resources, activities, handouts, worksheets, and educational material. For a modest yearly investment, your FULL PREMIUM Membership allows you access to thousands of high quality materials. FREE LIMITED Membership offers free access to the same high quality, yet fewer resources.
Members will obtain affordable, yet highly effective and engaging material for use during direct treatment, assessment, consultation, and clinic management. Tools to Grow, Inc. offers comprehensive resources that target the diverse needs of children. This includes skill areas such as fine motor, sensory processing and self-regulation, handwriting, visual perception, visual motor integration, self care, life skills, bilateral coordination, executive functioning, gross motor, keyboarding, literacy and communication, social skills, and student fieldwork.
Tools to Grow, Inc. is an innovative membership-based website unique to the field of Pediatric Therapy. Prolonged and time consuming searching for resources will be a thing of the past for our members! Members will gain comprehensive caregiver and staff resources when collaborating with others and managing their caseload. This includes assessment checklists, documentation shortcuts, response to intervention records, early intervention, and school based curriculum.