Consumer Moneyfacts award-winner 2016 to 2019.
Transfer online, through our app or over the phone with your Account Manager.
Make fee-free currency transfers at excellent exchange rates.
Benefit from personal account management, award-winning support and expert insight.
We were established in 2004 and hold the highest credit rating with Dun & Bradstreet.
We've been helping people save time and money on their currency transfers since 2004.
Whether you're buying foreign property, sending money to loved ones or moving overseas, we'll make sure you receive excellent exchange rates, fee-free transfers and exceptional customer service.
Foreign currency transfers for individuals.
or call us: 0800 612 9625
Foreign currency transfers for businesses.
or call us: 0800 612 6028
Our fee-free transfers and customer first approach has seen us win a number of awards, including International Money Transfer Provider of the Year and Best Customer Service. Whatever your currency requirement, we can help.
Registering and trading with TorFX couldn’t be simpler, and our Account Managers are always on hand to help.
Open an account in minutes online or over the phone
Secure an exchange rate online or with your Account Manager
Send us the funds to exchange and we’ll do the rest
Our service is comprised of excellent exchange rates and fantastic customer service. Every transfer is important to us and we want to build lasting relationships with every client. We are proud of our high TrustPilot rating and our loyal client base.
Do you know of someone else who might benefit from our service? For every friend you refer to us you'll get a £50 Amazon gift card. Refer a Friend
We partner with like-minded companies so their clients can benefit from our services and so we can introduce our clients to other useful services. Find out more about becoming a TorFX affiliate. Read More
Picking the right time to move your money abroad can make a significant difference to the amount of currency you receive.
Our regular market updates keep you up-to-date with the latest market movements.