Total Registration has supported over 50+ schools that have piloted the College Board's Fall AP Exam Ordering. From these schools we have learned about new challenges facing AP Coordinators and have added new tools to assist with these challenges.
These new tools are on top of the existing TR tools/features:
Total Registration will once again compile the 2019 AP Exam Score Distributions as the College Board releases them. While you are patiently waiting, you can view the AP Exam Score Distributions for the last 8 years here. In addition to the score distributions, the report includes insightful comments from Trevor Packer, Head of AP for the College Board, and the ability to compare the distributions for the past 8 years for each exam at the click of a button.
Take a couple of minutes to view our short AP Service video overview. Here you can see how simple AP Exam Registration can be.
Depending on the speed of your Presenter connection, you may want to make the video full screen and increase the resolution (720p).
This was my first time administering AP and IB exams. TR was user-friendly and the instructions were very clear. The customer support was also immediate. Creating seating charts and pulling rosters for individual exams was a great feature. Collecting registration fees, managing exam changes and balances was super easy. I am looking forward to using more features for the next academic year. I would recommend TR to all coordinators.
This was my second year as the AP Coordinator and I love Total Registration! I would not have made it through my first year without using TR, and I found I needed it just as much this year. Everything works—the student registration is so easy, Total Registration collects all the money and our business office loves that part! All of the reports are very helpful, including room rosters and seating charts to print. TR also sends reminders about due dates, like when to order the tests! Everything to keep me on track. The service also emails and texts the students and parents their exam schedules as a reminder. Customer service is excellent, I always hear back within an hour or so to get answers to my questions, and they are always trying to make things easier for us. I will only run my AP exams with Total Registration!
I can't tell you how happy we have been with your product. Initially I was not interested in online registration for AP but your product made it do easy! We can't wait for the new pre-printing of the student info feature!
I would like to say thank you for your amazing system! It has made handling AP exams so much easier!! The customer service has been impressive and the Total Registration system makes the world of a difference! THANK YOU!!
Our school used Total Registration for the first time this year, based upon several conversations I had as AP Coordinator with Mike Elings, General Manager. I was able to see how the registration process worked and thought that it would be worth our time trying this out. In the past, I have had students pay at our school site, and there were errors in what they were paying for. Due to the volume of tests that our students take, accuracy is important. I particularly liked that they could select what they wanted to pay for and that teachers could check the rosters of who had paid. In addition, I was able to state our school policies easily so that there were no errors. I also liked that they had to supply a working e-mail address for both student and parent (our school's e-mails that we have on file are sometimes wrong), so if I needed to contact them, I could easily.
We will definitely be using Total Registration in the future for AP exam registration!