The Bigg Boss Telugu Season 3 has come to the conclusion with a grand finale. The finale episode of Bigg Boss Telugu 3 will be aired on 3rd November 2019. The Bigg Boss Telugu Season 3 is hosted by Akkineni Nagarjuna. The popular film actress Remya Krishnan has also become a part of this season […]
Bigg Boss Kannada Season 7 Contestants List, Starting Date, Timings and More Details
The premiere show of the Bigg Boss Kannada season 7 was aired on October 13th, 2019 (Sunday). It was off to a great start. The show, which has shown great TRPs over the past seasons, will see Kichcha Sudeepa once again as the host. The season opener revealed the celebrity housemates of this year. Contestants […]
Upcoming Sports Events 2019
Don’t miss out on the important sports events with this Totalreporter sports calendar. We have listed all the major sports events that are to be held in 2019 with locations and dates starting from Jan 1. Check out this comprehensive calendar on the major sports events from the around the world including football, motorsports, baseball, […]
Happy Deepavali 2019 Images, Pictures, Wallpapers, and Photos Collection
We have collected the best Happy Diwali images in HD and free to use in 2019. With Diwali coming around, there might be already a fuzz and buzz in every corner of India. And the citizens must already be groping for the Diwali images or Happy Diwali images to find ways to wish their near […]
Happy Diwali 2019 Messages, SMS, and Greetings
Diwali is One of the biggest festivals of India celebrated in different ways and styles. The festival is celebrated for three days with lots of preparation. This festival is observed due to the return of Prince Rama (seventh avatar of Lord Vishnu), his wife Seetha along with his brother Lakshmana after a 14-year long exile from […]
Happy Diwali 2019 images, messages, wishes, quotes, fireworks and rangoli
Diwali, the festival of Lights is a popular festival celebrated in India. Besides India, Diwali is also observed in countries like Nepal, Sri Lanka, Mauritius, Myanmar, Surinam, Fiji, and a few other countries. Diwali means ‘series of lights.’ On this day people fill their homes with diyas (lights), put rangoli designs in their courtyards, offer poojas […]
Winner of Star Vijay TV Bigg Boss Tamil Season 3 Grand Finale
The popular Star Vijay TV reality show Bigg Boss Tamil Season 3 has reached the grand finale. The final episode of Bigg Boss Tamil 3 will be aired on 6th October 2019. There were a total of 17 contestants in the Bigg Boss Tamil season 3. The show is hosted by Kamal Haasan. Bigg Boss Tamil […]
Bigg Boss 13 Contestants List, Starting Date, Timings and More Details
Recently, the Colors Channel released the amazing promo of the ever-shining show, Bigg Boss 13. Indeed, after twelve successful seasons of the previous Bigg Boss Seasons, the Bigg Boss 13 is about to be launched with a bang. Yes, the much-awaited reality show is set to return with Season 13. In the recent promo, Salman […]
Dance Deewane 2 Grand Finale Winner, Finalists, Date, Time and More Details
One of the most popular dance show, Dance Deewane 2 has reached its ending phase. The grand finale of Dance Deewane 2 will be aired on 28th September 2019 at 8.00 PM on Colors TV. Well, regardless of the parts you live in India, the show has gathered a huge fan base from almost every […]
Dance India Dance Battle of the Champions Grand Finale Winner, Finalists, Date, Time and More Information
The popular Zee TV reality show Dance India Dance Battle of the Champions has come to an end with a grand finale. The final episodes were aired on 29th September 2019 at 8.00 PM. Dance India Dance is a reality show which is running quite strong on Zee TV. Well, the Indians are crazy about […]
- 1
- 2
- 3
- …
- 42
- Next Page »