Featured Vape Products
The World’s Premier Vaping Retailer - Online and In-store.
Totally Wicked is one of the leading e-cigarette companies in the UK and as such we stock a wide range of e-cigarettes including starter kits, ideal for those who are looking to switch from smoking to vaping, vape pods, e-cig tanks, and plenty of vaping accessories. If you are new to vaping or just thinking about it, we have a wealth of information to read and an e-cigarette chooser to help you make the best choice for your first e-cig. Just a few simple questions will help point you in the right direction. We believe in empowering smokers to transform their lives and are on hand to help in whatever way we can, if you are new and unsure of what to do then please call our friendly customer service team on 01254 692244 or use the Live Chat at the bottom right of your screen.
E-liquids
All of our e-liquid is tested, so you know that when you vape our e-liquids you can rest assured that it has been produced using only the highest quality ingredients. We have 8 ranges of e-liquids to choose from, consisting of an extensive selection of flavours and strengths to cater for all vapers needs, including zero nicotine.
E-liquid Subscription
Furthermore, for convenience, we offer an e-liquid subscription service where you can have 12 bottles of your favourite e-liquid delivered directly to your door every month without having to re-order. You simply choose the flavours and the strength from any of our ranges and we take care of the rest. Never again will you run out of juice.
Electronic Cigarettes, Vape Pods, Vape Pens, Vaping Kits
The initial terminology of electronic cigarette has been abbreviated over time to e-cigarette / e-cig and the more recently the term vape or vape kit has overtaken it in language. All of these are essentially one in the same thing. They do however vary in complexity, from very simple vape pods where you simply change the pod when it runs out, to more technology driven vape kits where you can adjust the power and other settings.
We believe that we stock the best vaping devices on the market from leading suppliers such as Joyetech, Eleaf and Wismec, and are proud to put our name to certain vape products that we believe are the best in their field. This means that whether you buy a simple to use vape pod, such the byte to quickly move away from smoking conventional cigarettes or you are en existing vaper who has an interest in technology and looking for an electronic cigarette that is more advanced then we can help.
Reasons to buy vape kits and e-liquid from Totally Wicked
Trust the experts!
When you buy any electronic cigarette, vape device or e-liquid online from Totally Wicked, you can be assured excellent service from a company you can trust. By working with what we deem to be only the best vaping manufacturers, you can be sure that the quality of the product you buy will be of the highest standard. Founded in 2008, we are one of the nations longest vaping companies and have led the way not only with vape technology but e-liquid standards and vapers rights. We uphold the mission statement that our founder wrote back at day one to this very day and are here to empower smokers to transform their lives.
Benefits of shopping with us
If your online vape order is over £30, we give you FREE UK standard delivery and an extra bottle of our UK made e-liquid, Red Label. Not only that, in every order you will get a 15% off coupon code to use on your next order. Plus, as mentioned above don't forget our e-liquid subscription service giving you e-liquid for just £2.92 a bottle!
Expert advice
Whether you are shopping online or in-store in one of our 150+ stores you will find the best advice and information to ensure you get the right product to meet your own needs. Our store staff are fully trained not just in our vape kits and e-liquids but in knowing what product is best for the customer. The vast majority of our stores also have a qualified NCSCT (National Centre for Smoking Cessation and Training) member of staff on hand. All smokers and vapers are different and all at different stages of their vaping journey. Trust our team to help you get the best advice that is right for you and your individual needs to keep you off the cigarettes.
Online Vaping Support
If you do not have access to one of our stores we do have a online vape support section that can help you. There is a specific area just for those looking to quit smoking and are completely new to vaping. The support section is where you can can download the e-cig manuals for any of our current vape kits and some older ones and where you will find detailed information on our e-liquid including the e-liquid testing reports for peace of mind. Plus, more on tanks, atomizers, battery safety and much more.
In addition, unlike some other vaping companies we also provide support and advice over the telephone (01254 692244 Monday to Saturday) and not forgetting the live chat option at the bottom right hand side of your screen.