At Total AV we believe that cybersecurity should be completely hassle free for our users which is why we do all of the heavy lifting. Premium users can now benefit from an extensive anti-malware database which provides advanced real-time protection ensuring you are fully protected from harmful threats & viruses.Free Antivirus Software
TotalAV users can now enjoy the latest security suite versions with all of our great features, plus some new security add-ons available for purchase providing additional enhancements.
The Safe Site browser extension if powered by an extensive database of known malicious phishing URLs designed to steal and harvest your personal data. Simply install our extension on to your browser and we’ll take care of the rest – Best part, it’s completely free!
Our system scan locates, quarantines and eliminates viruses, Trojans, Adware, Spyware, Ransomware and more, ensuring you are protected against the latest threats.
There’s no need to add a date in your calendar for your next scan, simply select the type of scan you wish to run and schedule how frequent you want the process to run – Hassle free.
Stay up to date and block the latest malicious phishing URLs with our Safe Site extension. With over thousands of new examples discovered daily we’ve got your back
Keep your internet browsing anonymous with our virtual private network connection available for premium users to purchase. Compatible with desktop and smartphone devices.
We understand that privacy is important which is why we provide remote firewall access to prevent unauthorized access to your private data.
Over time your computer will naturally slow down, we can help identify specific errors and programs which impact your devices performance.
Whether you have a laptop, desktop computer, smartphone or tablet we have you covered.
Our advanced anti-malware protection is available across multiple devices ensure you’re protected at home & on the go.
To help you stay protected and have a completely uninterrupted service, at the end of each subscription period we will auto-renew your subscription for another term (until you cancel) by charging your payment method on file the undiscounted standard subscription price. Don’t want to auto-renew? You can speak to our 24/7 support team to assist with switching this off.
TotalAV often offers promotions and special introductory offers to new customers during their initial term. These special offers are promotional prices that are available to new customers only and are valid for the initial term only. Upon renewal, you will be billed at the regular rates. Paying customers can manage active subscriptions within the dashboard billing tab
We're so confident that you won't want to leave TotalAV, we'll give you your money back if you do - No questions asked! During the first 30 days, if you decide TotalAV isn't for you, we'll refund your subscription fees in full.
Your satisfaction is our top priority, and we're so confident that you'll be pleased with our services:
Still, in the event that your decide TotalAV isn't for you, we think you should get your money back.
© 2020 TotalAV. All rights reserved.
The pricing shown for the antivirus protection plan excludes VAT (value-added tax), in some countries this is also known as GST (goods and services tax).
The rate applied for your location is charged at 20.00% and will be added to your total amount paid.
At TotalAV we believe that everyone should be able to run a free antivirus scan allowing you to quickly identify malware, or privacy concerns that may be hiding on your computer.
Once downloaded, just register for free inside our app and in a matter of minutes your free smart scan will begin using our latest antivirus definitions. The smart scan will highlight any malware, PUAs, privacy concerns and also show you some recommendations to improve the performance of your computer. If malware is detected we will remove the threats for free.
After the scan we will assist you to resolve any issues located for free and you will also have the option to upgrade to our premium antivirus which will automatically block harmful threats & viruses instantly in real-time.
At TotalAV your protection is our priority
© 2020 TotalAV. All rights reserved.
Choose a method to contact us
Alternatively, check out our FAQ's
Free Billing Support
View other support contact numbers
This will help us better direct your queries
Thanks for reaching out
Our Support reps will get back to you within 24 hours.
If your issue can't wait, you can also call us on 0808 169 7741
Or, simply visit out Help Center
At TotalAV we believe that everyone should be able to run a free antivirus scan allowing you to quickly identify malware, PUA (Potentially Unwanted Programs) or privacy concerns that may be hiding on your computer.
Once downloaded, just register for free inside our app and in a matter of minutes your free smart scan will begin using our latest antivirus definitions. The smart scan will highlight any malware, PUAs, privacy concerns and also show you some recommendations to improve the performance of your computer.
After the scan we will show you the location of any threats so you can remove them yourself or you can upgrade to our premium real-time antivirus licence which will automatically remove any threats, enables our real-time protection plus enables our system tune-up features as a bonus.