Out Now: ‘The Swords of Ditto’, ‘Undead Horde’, ‘The King of Fighters Allstar’, ‘American Dad! Apocalypse Soon’, ‘Cursed Castilla’, ‘NBA Now’, ‘Norman’s Night In’, ‘Judge Dredd: Crime Files’ and More
Each and every day new mobile games are hitting the App Store, and so each week we put together a …
Continue reading “Out Now: ‘The Swords of Ditto’, ‘Undead Horde’, ‘The King of Fighters Allstar’, ‘American Dad! Apocalypse Soon’, ‘Cursed Castilla’, ‘NBA Now’, ‘Norman’s Night In’, ‘Judge Dredd: Crime Files’ and More”
Apple Arcade: ‘Over the Alps’ Review – And Through the Woods, to Switzerland we Go!
Over the Alps () is a traditional choose-your-own-adventure type of game. The game is set in Switzerland circa 1939 and …
Continue reading “Apple Arcade: ‘Over the Alps’ Review – And Through the Woods, to Switzerland we Go!”
Hit Web Game ‘Renegade Racing’ is Heading to iOS and Android Soon Courtesy of Not Doppler
We were borderline obsessed with developer Not Doppler’s side-scrolling driving games Earn to Die and its sequel Earn to Die …
Continue reading “Hit Web Game ‘Renegade Racing’ is Heading to iOS and Android Soon Courtesy of Not Doppler”
‘Hoop League Tactics’ is a Clever Turn-Based Strategy Take on Basketball from the Maker of ‘Prizefighters’
We first grew to know developer Koality Games aka Justin Mai when he released the boxing game Prizefighters (Free) on …
Continue reading “‘Hoop League Tactics’ is a Clever Turn-Based Strategy Take on Basketball from the Maker of ‘Prizefighters’”
SwitchArcade Round-Up: ‘Baldur’s Gate & Baldur’s Gate II’ and ‘Planescape: Torment and Icewind Dale’ Reviews, ‘DOOM 64’ Gets a Trailer, the Latest Sales, and More
Hello gentle readers, and welcome to the SwitchArcade Round-Up for October 24th, 2019. There aren’t any new releases today, but …
Continue reading “SwitchArcade Round-Up: ‘Baldur’s Gate & Baldur’s Gate II’ and ‘Planescape: Torment and Icewind Dale’ Reviews, ‘DOOM 64’ Gets a Trailer, the Latest Sales, and More”
‘Project Sekai: Colorful Stage! feat. Hatsune Miku’ Is the Official Name of the Previously Announced Mobile Hatsune Miku Rhythm Game from SEGA and Here’s Some Gameplay
SEGA announced Project Sekai back in August as a new Hatsune Miku mobile game for iOS and Android developed by …
Continue reading “‘Project Sekai: Colorful Stage! feat. Hatsune Miku’ Is the Official Name of the Previously Announced Mobile Hatsune Miku Rhythm Game from SEGA and Here’s Some Gameplay”
Goichi Suda (Suda51) and Hidetaka Suehiro (Swery65) Just Announced a New Horror Game That Could Come to Mobile, Nintendo Switch, and Stadia
Unorthodox game reveals are nothing new to fans of Goichi Suda who is mostly known as Suda51 among gaming circles. …
Continue reading “Goichi Suda (Suda51) and Hidetaka Suehiro (Swery65) Just Announced a New Horror Game That Could Come to Mobile, Nintendo Switch, and Stadia”
Apple Arcade: ‘Skate City’ Review – An Enjoyable but Barebones Skating Simulator
I’ve never really dived into the skating world. I dislocated my knee by basically just standing up, so I didn’t …
Continue reading “Apple Arcade: ‘Skate City’ Review – An Enjoyable but Barebones Skating Simulator”
Mobile Fighter ‘Skullgirls’ Version 4.0 Update with Real-Time Multiplayer is Available Now
We’ve known for a while now that developer Hidden Variable has been working towards adding real-time competitive multiplayer into their …
Continue reading “Mobile Fighter ‘Skullgirls’ Version 4.0 Update with Real-Time Multiplayer is Available Now”
‘Cracked Crusaders’ is a Promising Action Platformer that’s Launching November 5th
I love me some action platforming, and I also love when a game in that genre keeps things relatively straightforward. …
Continue reading “‘Cracked Crusaders’ is a Promising Action Platformer that’s Launching November 5th”
SwitchArcade Round-Up: ‘Rush Rally 3’ Coming to Switch, ‘Skullgirls 2nd Encore’ and Today’s Other New Releases, the Latest Sales Information, and More
Hello gentle readers, and welcome to the SwitchArcade Round-Up for October 22nd, 2019. There are a lot of new releases …
Continue reading “SwitchArcade Round-Up: ‘Rush Rally 3’ Coming to Switch, ‘Skullgirls 2nd Encore’ and Today’s Other New Releases, the Latest Sales Information, and More”
Developer Âge Just Announced a ‘Muv-Luv’ Action Game Codenamed ‘Project Mikhail’ for Mobile Platforms Set for Release Next Year
The Muv-Luv series is something I only recently got into through the PS Vita ports of Muv-Luv and Muv-Luv Alternative …
Continue reading “Developer Âge Just Announced a ‘Muv-Luv’ Action Game Codenamed ‘Project Mikhail’ for Mobile Platforms Set for Release Next Year”
‘Mario Kart Tour’ Halloween Tour Dates and New Characters Have Been Announced with Nintendo’s Newest Mobile Game about to Get Spooky
Mario Kart Tour (Free) took players to New York and then Tokyo. Now, instead of going to a specific location, …
Continue reading “‘Mario Kart Tour’ Halloween Tour Dates and New Characters Have Been Announced with Nintendo’s Newest Mobile Game about to Get Spooky”
Apple Arcade: ‘Down in Bermuda’ Review – Puzzles, Exploration, and Orb-Seeking Goodness
I feel like the first thing you should know with Down in Bermuda () is that, at the time of …
Continue reading “Apple Arcade: ‘Down in Bermuda’ Review – Puzzles, Exploration, and Orb-Seeking Goodness”
‘Black Desert Mobile’ Will Soft Launch on Android this Week, Full Release Still On Track for December
We’ve been anxiously awaiting the arrival of Black Desert Mobile, the mobile version of Pearl Abyss’s popular MMORPG on desktop …
Continue reading “‘Black Desert Mobile’ Will Soft Launch on Android this Week, Full Release Still On Track for December”