Given all the excitement surrounding Central Bank Digital Currencies, I explore three key reasons why I feel that the concept of a central bank digital currency does not make sense, and is indeed, an oxymoron.
If you've spent a few years working in corporate communications or public relations, you may be considering a graduate degree to advance your career. If you're thinking about pursuing an MBA or a Masters degree in Marketing, here are a few things to consider.
Many independent insurance agents think the job is easy because you can ‘be your own boss’, ‘set your own hours’, and become wildly successful at the same time. However, many discover that being self-employed is one of the hardest jobs ever. Here are some ways to improve your success.
A high-profile lawsuit, an accounting scandal, an instance of workplace violence, or one of many other developments, can have a devastating impact on a business or nonprofit. It is critical that you plan for a variety of crisis scenarios, and are as ready as you can be when one hits.
Tips on how to save and leave happy on a tight budget - based on my personal experience. Understanding needs vs. wants.
Saving money for a major purchase like a car is perfectly possible. There are many ways in which you can save money on a daily basis to reach your goal.
This market intelligence report uses several techniques including PESTEL analysis to investigate and summarize Kmart’s external environment and 4P technique to examine Kmart’s marketing mix and its consumers, and offer some strategies for future development.
Write a letter of reference that will stand out from the crowd and yield results. Here are useful tips on creating a persuasive endorsement letter for scholarships, employment, or school admission.
Got a bad boss? Consider this: What you thought was managerial incompetence may be something else entirely. Here's how sneaky smart bosses push disliked or low performing employees to quit their jobs.
Here is why the business models used by many writing sites lead to failure. I offer my opinion based on my background as a systems analyst.
If you know how to write and write well, you can earn good money by writing articles and creating content. If you want to start making money writing, here are 6 websites you need to sign up for today.
Both employees and employers benefit when workers use their own personal smartphones and other devices on the job. But companies must protect themselves from potential legal liabilities.
When I landed my dream job in HR for a Fortune 500 company, there was one small catch, the Office Mean Girl (OMG). Despite backbiting, exclusion, and personal attacks, eventually I flourished.
You can judge a person by the company he keeps is a familiar saying and that includes the books they read. Here are ten essentials for any aspiring business owner.