Meet local singles in your next travel destination! They will show you their favorite places, the best beaches, the best local clubs, bars and restaurants. Better than just a dating app, better than a free local guide!
Make your vacation a fun, exciting and unforgettable experience.
Meet people traveling in your city and show them around! Connect, take them to your favorite places and maybe next time you will visit them in their hometown or even travel together as travel partners
Many people who desire to travel around the world and see breathtaking places don’t have a suitable travel companion. And not everyone can make an announcement “travel buddy wanted” via social networks.
Most likely your perfect travel buddy and even destiny are not among your old internet friends. And this is the main reason to start looking for a travel buddy on the special project. At first pick and post your best photos, decide where you want to go and what do you plan to visit, write all hobbies, interests and plans in your personal profile and start an exciting race of making new friends all around our planet.
Pay attention to people’s plans and habits. For example, if a person writes in a profile that he prefers energetic lifestyle with tons of activities and you enjoy calm and quite sightseeing – probably you won’t make a good match even if other interests are similar. If you two are early birds – that’s great, if not it could do you wrong. Imagine the situation when your buddy is a night owl and doesn’t give you a chance to rest.
So try to write a list of what you prefer while traveling. Do you like organized or spontaneous trips? Riding a car or hiking miles? Dining at home or tasting foreign cuisine? And you can also mention on what side of the bed you sleep. Make a funny note - travel buddy with left bedside preference wanted. Fortunately, your perfect travel buddy will appreciate this tiny joke. And don’t forget that sense of humor is one of the most important things in any relationship.
Probably you tried something exciting in your life and you want to share this information with...
Are you a life-changer setting out on...
All should be planned in advance. It will make your trip...
St. Valentine’s is not only a holiday for loving couples, this is the day when energy...
How do you think – is...
Interested in International Dating? Find your soulmate on TourBar!Load more
By using this app, I made a lot of friends with people around the whole world. Good app, definitely recommend
As a huge traveler myself, I found this app helpful and engaging. Talking to a few people on there was really an eye opening experience.
I find this application very well, actually admire someone has created such great app, thank for all, wished everyone peace, happy
Excellent travel applications, innovative design, with this application, I can easily find the right travel companion, great!
This app is very useful for search a location travel at weekend. Also shared information for all, good job
Thanks to TourBar I found a group for my trip. I am now busy arranging my trip. Thanks all.
So amazing guys, you can find the best place for travel on weekend. Beside, you can invite your friend to go together to that place. The interface also cute. Thank.
Best social app by far, a great community, respectful people, good vibes, good features, and no agro. Love it 😏
I love the face that this app invites everyone who is interested in traveling to join and help build the greatest travel community. I found it amazing to plan a tour with people having same interests, very nice
An email was sent to with an activation link.
New email has been sent. Check your junk folder.
I haven't received the email. Resend Email
or connect with