-
-
Club News
2nd Generation Mirai Concept revealed at Tokyo Motor Show
Toyota led the world with the introduction of the hydrogen-powered Mirai saloon in 2014 Now it is getting ready to take its advanced zero emission fuel cell electric vehicle (FCEV) technology to new heights, previewing the second generation...
Hybrid Powertrains, New Multimedia & Uprated Handling
The new Toyota C-HR hybrid arrives with a choice of hybrid powertrains, a new multimedia system, handling improvements and design enhancements which further refine its bold look C-HR has been a big hit in the UK with a mix...
Toyota Hilux - Tougher, Safer and More Stylish
The Toyota Hilux is the real thing when it comes to the no-nonsense toughness and reliability needed to get the job done, no matter what the conditions. That’s why the latest series of updates for the world-beating pick-up tackle everyday practicality and safety, as well as style Plush carpet and upholstery aren’t going to last long when your Hilux is doing duty in the rough, so the entry-level Active Single and Extra Cab models now come with easy-care PVC seats and flooring. Regardles
First deliveries of the New GR Supra to UK Customers
The wait is over, the first UK customers are taking delivery of their new Toyota GR Supra, completing a remarkable comeback story for one of the world’s most celebrated sports cars It is a year-and-a-half since Toyota confirmed the long-running rumour that a fifth generation Supra would be built, and 10 months since eager British customers rushed to put their name down for a car. Such was the demand, the entire UK allocation for 2019 was snapped up long before prospective buyers had the cha
Toyota Gazoo 1-2 Win at WEC Silverstone 4 Hours
Mike Conway celebrated a home victory as Toyota Gazoo Racing made a perfect start to the 2019-2020 FIA World Endurance Championship at the 4 Hours of Silverstone on Sunday (1 September) Conway and his No7 car team-mates Kamui Kobayashi and José María López took victory in their TS050 Hybrid to register a sixth consecutive win for the reigning world champion team, ahead of Sébastien Buemi, Kazuki Nakajima and Brendon Hartley in the No8 Toyota. “It’s great to win my home race, I have bee
-
Toyota Club Topics
New Rims for my Tacoma
I am planning to buy a new set of tires for my black 2015 Toyota Tacoma Double Cab. Will this chromium black XXR Wheels look good on my truck?haneseat |
Wheels And Tyres
Yaris Hybrid (66) Smart Entry
Hello, new owner of the Yaris Hybrid (66 plate). This is my first car and so far LOVING it! I believe it is the Icon trim level however, I admit I am not 100% certain. I am sure I recall the for sale listing (Toyota approved garage) said it had smart entry but for the life of me can’t get it working. This leads me to believe I’m either mistaken (it possibly referenced the smart start system) and it isn’t fitted. Are there any obvious marks or buttons on the car that are onlWP1313 |
Yaris Club
Wasting fuel to have a full battery
New to me anyway, I found out recently, by accident, how to fully charge the hybrid Battery (mine never shows totally full on the gauge, always has top bar empty but it’s as fully charged as it can be). Normally my car will always be around half charged - rarely more than 1 bar over or under. Obviously downhill cruising will get it charged up plenty too. if you set the heaters on max (or at least reasonably high), the engine will keep running to provide the heat, and the car will chRob88 |
Rav 4 Club 3
-