What is a URL Rotator?
It's simple, a rotator is a simple URL that when visited, directs the visitor to one of many different websites. This means you can simplify your promotion efforts by only promoting one link, but all your websites will receive hits. When you want to make a change to the sites you are promoting, you just change your TPM Rotator instead of every place you use to advertise your sites. Rotators are also a great way to split test (A-B test) your websites as they allow you to easily divide traffic between several websites. Just load all the links you want to promote into rotators, promote your rotator URL, and TPM Rotator will do the rest!
Our Unmatched Free Feature Set
Get Started Quickly
You'll be up and running in no time. Once you are signed up, you can create your first rotator in less than 5 minutes!
Unlimited Rotators
Create as many link rotators as you want, our system doesn't limit you.
Unlimited Sites
Add as many sites as you want to all of your rotators, there is no limit.
Prioritize Sites
Ten levels of priority means you can fine tune how often each of your sites is shown relative to the others.
Secure Rotator Urls
We provide http and secure https rotator urls.
Enable/Disable Sites
You can totally disable URLs (so they do not show) but keep them configured in your rotator in case you want to re-enable them later.
Super fast servers
TPM Rotator was designed with performance in mind so your customers get to your sites faster. We can scale up our servers in an instant when the need arises.
Statistics
TPM Rotator keeps track of hits to your websites and rotators.
PRO members get even more features ($5 a month or less)
Everything Free
As a PRO member you'll have access to everything free members get and much more!
No advertisements
PRO members won't see any advertisements on their rotators or anywhere in the members area!
We advertise YOU!
Upload and create your own banner and text link ads, and then we'll advertise them for you!
Batch import
Create rotators faster than ever before. Use our simple Excel import to create all your sites in your rotator at once.
Auto Rotators
Rotator URLs that automatically rotate through and display all your sites without the visitor having to click on anything!
Set Maximums
Set the max number of hits a site can receive all time. You can also set the max amount of hits that a site can receive every day.
Public stats pages
Your own public statistics display for each of your rotators. Show the public how many hits area going to each of the pages in your rotators.
Invisible Rotators
With our invisible rotators, no one will ever know you are using a rotator as they'll see your website url in their address bar.