Trade Schools, Colleges & Universities
You can find an academic or vocational program to help you get started in the career you've been dreaming about, or you can locate one that helps you advance in your existing career. Whether you are looking for an online degree or traditional classroom training at a vocational school, trade school, college, or university, you're in the right place.
Get Started Now
Use our zip code based search tool to quickly and easily find a school near you that meets your needs. Or, simply browse the possibilities by exploring the guides listed below. Whether you want to study on campus or online, we make it easy to discover the right program and request more information from the school of your choice.
You could soon be on your way to living the life you want to. Prepare yourself for success today!
Find a School or Program
Search by Program
Complete listing of program categories included in the Trade Schools, Colleges, and Universities site.
Search by Location
Find academic or career training programs and courses in your area or online.
Distance Learning & Online Schools
Access to online and distance learning programs in US and Canada. You can learn from home on a flexible schedule suited to your needs. Online trade schools, technical schools, colleges and universities offer degree, diploma and certificate career training programs.
Discover a School or College That Matches Your Career Goals:
Skilled Trades Schools
When all you want to do is work with your hands, nothing beats the skilled trades. If you're ready for a career that makes a real impact, then this guide is the place to get started. Trade schools have programs that include HVAC, automotive, plumbing, electrician, aviation, and more.
Health Care Schools
Attending a health care school could be perfect for you if you want a career where you get to help others. A health care education can prepare you for a career in nursing, medical billing & coding, radiography, surgical tech, and more. Explore health care programs at colleges, universities and vocational schools.
Business Schools
Prepare for a career in the fast-paced business world. Whether you see yourself filling a management, accounting, or administrative role, there is a wide range of campus and online program options available to help you get there.
Automotive Schools
Train for a career where you get paid to do what you love. Choose from a great selection of training programs in your automotive area of choice, such as diesel technology, collision repair, or automotive service.
Culinary Schools
Good food brings people together; great food makes them joyful. What could be better than that? You're ready to learn how to create delicious cuisine at a level that's worthy of being called "Chef." You just need to sort through all of your options first. This culinary schools guide offers an excellent place to begin.
Arts & Design Schools
Art and design schools can help you turn your imagination into a productive career with noticeable impact. Find programs for interior design, fashion, photography, architecture, music production, web design & more.
Media & Digital Arts
Are you bursting with creative ideas and imaginative vision? Start using your artistic drive to sharpen your talents for an inspired career in the digital and interactive arts. Check out possibilities like graphic design, animation, audio production, web design, filmmaking, broadcasting, and video game design.
Animal Care
Start benefiting from your love of animals. These schools offer training that can lead to fun and meaningful careers with dogs, cats, and other cool creatures. Discover programs for becoming a veterinary technician or other kind of animal care professional.
Beauty and Cosmetology Schools
Explore beauty and cosmetology schools in your area as the first step towards training for a career that puts your talents to good use. Through one of the many available cosmetology and esthetics programs, you can prepare for a career as a hair stylist, esthetician, nail technician, or cosmetologist.
Legal & Criminal Justice Schools
With a legal and criminal justice education, you could soon be pursuing entry-level job opportunities within provincial or federal enforcement agencies, law offices, or government departments. Find training in fields such as paralegal, legal assisting, criminal investigations, and more.
Technology Schools
Tech schools and colleges can prepare you to turn your passion into a stimulating career. Find a program at one of these technical schools to help you acquire the training and practical experience needed to get started in a career such as computer programming, web development, network administration, and more.
Popular Programs
Essential Articles
- Highest Paying Jobs Without a Degree
- Quickly learn about your options for high-paying careers with little schooling required. Compare the pay and job growth of different jobs in areas like health care, the skilled trades, technology, and digital media. Learn how 2 years or less of vocational schooling can lead to a career with excellent salary potential!
- High-Paying Skilled Trades in America
- Check out several careers that offer the chance to earn good money after getting a skills-based education at a technical school or vocational college. Learn about satisfying, in-demand jobs that can provide financial stability, advancement opportunities, and a sense of confidence and meaningful achievement.
- Jobs for Felons that Offer a Good Second Chance
- Discover new reasons to hope! These career possibilities are worth exploring if you have a felony conviction and need guidance on what kind of work to pursue. Learn how to find employers that hire people with criminal records, and find out what you can do to get hired by companies that are willing to help felons get a new start.
- Certifications That Pay Well and Offer Potential
- Boost your career prospects by checking out a wide range of certifications that can lead to better opportunities. Learn about educational opportunities that can result in good-paying credentials for major career sectors like business, health care, information technology, the skilled trades, and beauty.
- Free Online Courses with Certificates of Completion
- Create new personal or professional opportunities without paying an extra cent. With these free online courses, you can learn new skills that boost your appeal to potential employers or increase your value to the employer or clients you already have. Discover how to maximize the benefits of free online learning!