Bitcoin is showing us that the entire rally since December has been nothing more than a bear market rally. Make no mistake people, this is NOT what you see in a bull market. Bitcoin failed to surpass the all time high. It failed to hold the 21 week moving average. It fell below the 50 day moving average, and defined it as resistance. Then, it dropped below the 200...
In this video, you will learn where u can open accurate entry on BTC/USD after range break out.
Following the latest analysis on Bitcoin's Symmetrical Cycles (2017/18 vs 2019) on the 1M chart (you can find it at the bottom of this study), I have decided to take the research one step further and attempt to time the bottom of the current correction. In doing so I have scaled down to the 1D chart using again the MA1000 and MA1400 periods as the long term Buy...
From 0 pips on major currency pairs, enjoy raw, untamed spreads from our liquidity providers – who are some of the world’s leading banks and global financial institutions.
Hello everyone Today I wanna show you my view of BTCUSD and situation on the market We move inside the falling wedge, we just reached the price of 7280 is a good support and at this point several indicators intersect: 1. 61.8% fibonacci level 2. Falling wedge support line 3. Diagonal support line formed by 4 points I think we will continue to move inside this...
Hello Traders, here is the full analysis for this pair, drop a like to support the creation of more free analysis and let me know in the comment section below also if you have any questions
Hello Traders! As predicted in the previous forecast, GBPUSD could not break through the resistance level 1.3. and the price will continue to fall. The first Target is a strong support line and I expect growth from this line to resistance lvl 1.287 with a further fall.
It's a huge chance that the price will bounce Mirror Level 1.11100. The best signal for Buy will be after the false breakout. Before to trade my ideas make your own analyze. Write your comments and questions here! No need to write it in PM. Thanks for your support!
hey traders, those who missed short from higher structure levels on GBPUSD still, have an opportunity to catch a selling wave. on 1H chart we see a formation of a head and shoulders pattern, and the market has already broken below the neckline. taking into account high accuracy of this pattern, I expect to see bearish...
Hi, today we are going to talk about SPY and its current landscape. The SPY today becomes the indicator of the outcoming of today's events that hit the stock market, starting with Facebook Inc. Chief Executive Officer Mark Zuckerberg is testifying at the House Financial Services Committee about antitrust accusations, misleading of privacy information, and about...
Verizon Wireless is allowed to operate a truly a corrupt business in every sense of the word, leading the list of most hated consumer companies for a decade now for a reason. I recently went thru a truly ghastly experience with this company simply trying to cancel my monthly Wireless Prepaid Cell plan. You see with this company, you come to find out that they...
relative strength analysis DIS/SPX with 52wma disclaimer... not an investing/trading recommendation
The dollar reached a resistance level of 97.6 and continued to fall as its target wasn't reached. His goal is a strong support line and I expect that the price will reach it.
Yep, still hoping for this to drop with a little bit more interest to come from the alt-coins in the industry. Seems to be holding well and it is a very slow drop. 66% is just one target area but that is a support. From that point? Who knows. 40% would be nice... ;)
Serious resistance at $ 3030 that succeeded in 3 attempts. At the moment in H4, a double top template was created Stochastic at maximum level with the intersection of lines. For all of the above reasons, we recommend a sell trade with a target of 2940 and a target can grow as the SP progress.
The USD index has recently broken through trendline support forming a key low. Price is currently retracing back into the key lows where we expect to see the bearish trend resume. The The Fibonacci tool offers confluence with a 61.8 and 50.0 retracement. If price retraces here we can look to short the USD across the major currency pairs.
GOLD & OIL, Technical analysis. Open entry after range breakout.
Hello Traders! Gold cannot break a small support line, but the trend remains falling, and we are in a downward channel. I predict a rise to the resistance line of the falling channel at about 1497, after which I expect a fall to the level 1474.
The bulls are currently trying to get the break above $1,495 again, Runar is green on the Hourly. Should we reject, we can further tighten between $1,495 and $1,480 Should the bulls push through, we can expect a move towards $1,510-15, if not even higher. If you had some value from our analysis, give it a thumbs-up & comment it, because the mechanism shows our...
Hi, today we are going to talk about USOIL We observe a 15M AND H4, some important points. The details are highlighted above. Thank you for reading and leave your comments if you like. Join the Traders Heaven today, for more exclusive contents! Link bellow! Disclaimer: All content of Golden Dragon has only educational and informational purposes, and never...
In this video, you will learn where u can open accurate entry on BTC/USD after range break out.
Hello Traders, here is the full analysis for this pair, drop a like to support the creation of more free analysis and let me know in the comment section below also if you have any questions
Guys, please right now put like and follow me on TradingView. In this video we will take a look on BITCOIN, ETHEREUM and RIPPLE vs. US Dollar and I will show you my own Trading Plan and where are the best places for opening positions. As you remember English is not my native language, so please don't judge strictly my English, I will continue to improve my skills...
Just Kidding! I'm the biggest Bull here! I will never capitulate! NOT FINANCIAL ADVICE! IF YOU DON'T LIKE MY POST DON'T READ MY POST!
This indicator based on 14 different indicators , all well known .. each indicator has its own value , for macd and rsi I set little higher then other the combination of the values create this indicator or super indicator I put a smooth option =piz so you can find the most suited length to your need it has info panel . above 0 =buy, above 7= strong buy bellow...
Introduction Envelopes indicators consist in displaying one upper and one lower extremity on the price chart. They are most of the time built by adding/subtracting a volatility estimator (rolling stdev, atr, range...etc) to a central tendency estimator (SMA, EMA, LSMA...etc). Their interpretation is often subject to debate amongst technical analyst, some will use...
EXPERIMENTAL: Bands using Signal to Noise Calculation. The bands calculation is similar to bolingers in the aspect that both use standard deviation.
The momentum strategy is simple, if price action is higher than it was for x bars back, and also higher than it was last candle, we have upwards momentum. This momentum will be positive until a candle closes lower than the previous candle and also lower than x bars back - at which point we have downwards momentum. The concept behind the Momentum Strategy is that...
When things are great, we feel that nothing can stop us. And when things go bad, we look to take drastic action. Because emotions can be such a threat to an investor's financial health, it is important to be aware of them. This awareness can then protect you from the negative consequences of impulsive and irrational reactions to these emotions. 1: Optimism,...
Some people following me might have read about the Nokia example. Well it was here all along. The name is disgusting, it was 1 of the few I didn't try in the long list of results. No wonder I wouldn't find the right chart. Posting this idea as BTC because I want more than 3 views ;) Plus it is the one currently in an echo bubble. First let me repost the railway...
Some time ago, I made the poll asking the audience from the social media the following question: "What type of trading do you prefer?" The options were: - Manual Trading - Auto Trading - Both Types To make everything clear, let me describe each type: Manual Trading - it is any trading when you open, manage, and close trades by yourself. You can trade using...
Following patterns are found for data of 2015 to 2019 (5 years data) on weekly candle chart. Channel pattern Flag Patterns Currently running Head and Shoulders pattern Remarkable zone 1, 2 and 3 Head & Shoulders pattern is still uncompleted with right shoulder. The neckline target is 10063 At the remarkable zone, its has highly price...