Protection, Rope, Cord, and Webbing, Carabiners and Quickdraws, Belay/Rappel Devices, more »
Win a Hults Bruk Jonaker Hatchet and Premium Nordic Pocket Saw
On Friday, November 1, we're giving one Trailspace member a Hults Bruk Jonaker hatchet and a Premium Nordic Pocket Saw ($250 value). Tell us about your worthy gear and you're entered to win. Read More »
More from the Trailspace Blog
Recent Gear Reviews
Alpina Discovery 80
Lightweight and responsive. Enough flex to make for acceptable kick n’ glide, stiff enough to minimize foundering in powder. These are currently my go-to ski… Full Review »
Altai Skis Hok
These are a lightweight, maneuverable way to get off the beaten track and have snowfun. If you can walk, you can Hok :) I’ve had three seasons of Hok experience… Full Review »
Asolo Sasslong GV
Solid support for hiking or backpacking. I'm on my second pair. I find these to be an excellent, heavier hiking boot. Good traction, very waterproof, and a full… Full Review »
Bridgedale Hike Ultra Light T2 Boot
A well-cushioned pair of hiking socks that are designed for warmer temps. The cushioning makes for a very comfortable wear, while the non-wool Coolmax fabric (polyester)… Full Review »
HitCase TrueLUX Lens Kit
The Hitcase PRO is a bombproof and waterproof protective phone case for active photographers and videographers. Combined with Hitcase's thread-on TrueLUX lenses… Full Review »
Benchmade Bushcrafter Family
Fantastic knife with excellent ergonomics and a simple, stout, and sharp blade. With all the buzz around the word “Bushcraft“ in the past 5-10 years, it has… Full Review »
HitCase PRO
The Hitcase PRO is a bombproof and waterproof protective phone case for active photographers and videographers. Combined with Hitcase's thread-on TrueLUX lenses… Full Review »
Vibram FiveFingers Trek Ascent Insulated
They extend cold weather running. Added protection for the feet. And extremely lightweight and flexible. This is my third winter with my Insulated Trek Ascents. Full Review »
MSR Men's Lightning Ascent
This is a very durable and versatile piece of equipment. I’ve had a lot of fun and exploration on this reliable snowshoe. I’m the guy that uses and abuses equipment. Full Review »
Toaks Titanium Backpacking Wood Burning Stove (small)
Lightweight, efficient-burning twig stove. This wood-gassifying twig stove from Toaks is a smaller, lighter-weight alternative to some of the other products available… Full Review »
Toaks Titanium 1100ml Pot with Pan
Nicely-sized lightweight cooking kit This 1100ml pot from Toaks is a nice size for 1-2 people. I've generally taken it with me when I've been planning to cook or… Full Review »
Mont Helium 300 -1ºC
Quality lightweight sleeping bag. Best for warm sleepers and can be used below its -1°C rating sleeping in thermals and using a bag liner. Perfect three-season… Full Review »
Gransfors Bruk Small Forest Axe
Great size for day hikes and fits nicely in your pack! Coming in as a cross between a piece of art and a piece of gear, this artisanal heirloom will surely be passed… Full Review »
Sea to Summit Delta Bowl with Lid
Holds up well, easy to clean, and silverware kit fits inside. This is my fourth version of mess gear for Boy Scout camping, seems to do the trick. The bowl is deep… Full Review »
HydroBlu Versa Flow
Lightweight water filter. This 2oz filter employs hollow fiber tubes with thousands of tiny holes (0.1 microns) that block 99.9999% of harmful bacteria, Giardia,… Full Review »
Granite Gear Crown V.C. 60
Very nice lightweight pack with plenty of room, at a reasonable price. I had been wanting to shed some weight from my pack for some time, and previous attempts… Full Review »
TOPS Knives Brakimo
Tops quality: great steel, holds an edge, micarta handles, and fits my hand like a glove. Kydex sheath with metal belt loop that rotates. The only thing I did differently… Full Review »
LifeSaver Liberty
Water purifier that does it all, even on an easy Sunday morning hike in the forest! "Found a picture in my phone, my daughter made a picture of me, from my best… Full Review »
Kahtoola MICROspikes
ALL SEASONS. Keep exploring and protect yourself on snow, ice, wet leaves, steep bushwacking... You can look around and price shop. Or just go get the best. I love… Full Review »
Morakniv Companion Heavy Duty
Great value and surprised how well it has performed. Excellent utility and camp knife. Picked this up as a camp knife and ended up buying two more. Knife fits well… Full Review »
Vango Comfort 7.5 Single
This self-inflating mat replaces a worn out Therm-a-Rest and so far it is doing the job well. This product is cheap enough and is very comfortable. It is used about… Full Review »
Outdoor Research Interstellar Bivy
The Outdoor Research Interstellar Bivy is a packable, lightweight bivy that utilizes OR’s highly successful AscentShell to boast incredible breathability, even… Full Review »
Bridgedale Hike Lightweight T2 Boot
A well-made pair of socks that have ample cushioning, but run a little warmer than I had expected. The non-wool Coolmax technology has its pros and cons, but is… Full Review »
Osprey Nebula
This bag is spacious enough for all of your books/gear, it has plenty of organization, and many great features. This bag is perfect for students, for going to work,… Full Review »
Mammut Trion Light 28
Great all-around pack for anything you can do in the mountains. Comfortable and supportive, yet extremely light. Fits very well, and is very adjustable. Very comfortable… Full Review »
Snugpak Insulated Jungle Travel Blanket
A lightweight quilt for around 50deg F. One side is waterproof-breathable and the other is a nice taffeta fabric that is quite soft and comfortable. It is about… Full Review »
Keen Men's Koven
Recommended to me by a distance hiker who does sections of the PCT. Like house slippers for comfort; the waterproof version are a tad hot for warmer weather, but… Full Review »
Trangia 25-3 UL
These stoves are easy to use and maintain. They are incredibly durable and work in all weather conditions. I have been using Trangia stoves in my Duke of Edinburgh… Full Review »
Cabela's Bighorn Fly Rod 7'6" 3wt
Cabela's Bighorn 7'6" 3wt fly rod is a great economical rod that casts extremely well and has a nice moderate to fast action that fishes well under a variety of… Full Review »
Snugpak Ionosphere
A large bivy, not a hiking tent. I bought this a couple of years ago for section hiking part of the Te Araroa Trail in New Zealand South Island. Though it did the… Full Review »