Our translation agency was established in 2002 with the purpose of helping companies and individuals to convey world's information. We employed vetted professional linguists to power all our document translations into over 100 languages such as Spanish, French, German, Japanese, Mandarin, Cantonese, etc. To date, we've translated thousands of technical manuals, employee handbooks, marketing flyers, restaurant menus, birth certificates, diplomas, transcripts, just to name a few. We work hard to serve each and every client with personal service by having human account managers answering phone calls, emails, chats and in-person. Our New Jersey based office is open for walk-in clients by appointments and we accept clients from all locations such as NYC, San Francisco, Chicago, Philly, Miami and even those in different countries by submitting to us the documents electronically: website, email, text message, messenger or fax.
When it comes to quality, human translators still offer the unparallel level of quality and expert domain knowledge. Machine translators such as Google Translate cannot handle complex topics on legal terminology nor medical terms. In addition, free machine translators do not guarantee confidentiality of your documents. They memorize your private contents and re-use them for other translations thus exacerbating the risk of personal data breach.
To avoid these pitfalls, we never employ machine translators regardless how tempting it is! We understand that humans offer more personable and professional translation experience and we do not sacrifice quality or risk our clients' personal data to 3rd party machine translation providers! With Translation Services USA, you have the peace of mind and professional non-disclosure policy applied to every project by default. In addition, all our human translators undergo full screening, reference checks, and work under our own NDA. We cherish our customers business and would never disclose data to anyone other than parties directly involved into your project. That's why we maintain long term business relationships with lots of business clients that go as far back as 2008!
Best Quality
Only Professional Translation
Signed NDA
As a leading translation agency in North America, we developed our own set of rules and standards that we adhere to in order to maintain stellar quality and predictable user experience with every client that works with us. This includes: full integration of all incoming inquiries into our own CRM system. We process all incoming phone calls, online chat messages and email inquiries into our CRM and assign a unique client ID number which is used later in all subsequent interactions. This approach guarantees uniform experience on all stages of the project and every client receives 100% of our personal attention whether it is to provide a price estimate or deliver a completed project. No exceptions. No dropped balls!
In addition to CRM, we employ our own translator screening system to separate low quality, lazy translators from good ones. We require all our translators to sign our agency Non-Disclosure Agreement. That's in addition to whichever NDA your firm may require. This ensures the contents of your documents won't be disclosed to unwanted parties and only people directly involved into the translation process will be affected.
Lastly, we verify translated documents with another set of human proofreaders in order to ensure the quality is not compromised. Sometimes even the professional linguists try to cheat and use machine translations. We strictly prohibit that and once a linguist is caught cheating, we immediately suspend this individual and add him/her into a black list which we maintain since 2010. That was the year we implemented that business process!
Needless to say that we also employ in-house desktop publishing specialists capable of editing your complex graphics and formatting as translations may spoil the fonts or the size of the contents. Our associates will fix any inconsistencies in formatting so you will receive as close to the original translated copy as possible regardless what language(s) it is: English, Chinese, Japanese or Canadian French.
We provide a full array of linguistic services in over 100 languages such as Spanish (Mexican, Latin American, Spanish of Spain), French (both Canadian and France), German, Japanese, Chinese (both Mandarin for mainland, and Cantonese for the southern China), Korean, Vietnamese, Italian, Portuguese, Danish, Dutch, Norwegian, Swedish and many others.
Our translation company specializing in most languages that are being used for global trade: English, Chinese (Mandarin, Cantonese, Taiwanese), Japanese, French, Russian, Arabic, Portuguese, Italian, German and many others. In addition, our extensive network of translators includes specialists in rare languages such as Navajo, Khmer, Latin, Aramaic, Old Norse, Karen and Tibetan. Our list of supporting languages is growing and currently consists of over 700 languages!
We have used TSU on a couple of our transactions and have always received superior service and turnaround times. We have had documents translated from Italian to English and Swedish to English, including a number of financial documents. All were of the highest quality and included a certificate verifying translation by a professional. Our Account Executive, is friendly, knowledgeable and very prompt in his responses. We will continue to use their services for any translations in the future!Carrie R. / 5 out of 5 stars
Wow what can I say, TSU takes care of business! Thank you so much!! I had a deadline to get a birth certificate translated and certified for court. I never did this before but Elizabeth took care of me and gave me a beautiful translated and certified certificate. Thank you so much! This company is very professional and I'm a very happy customer.Amanda / 5 out of 5 stars
I highly recommend TSU, even our company is based in California, but we have been using their translation service for a few years, and they have been offering us a fair rate and of course they are doing a good job, so we are still using them as of today for mainly Canadian French and North American Spanish. In general, we have a very good experience. Kavita, who is my point of contact, always have timely response to my request and prompt turnaround time, sometimes I need a small favor to translate a couple of sentences, she is very helpful too. It has been a pleasant experience.Joanna T. / 5 out of 5 stars
As the global trade predicted to grow over 6% every year for the next 5 years from 2018 to 2023 and reaching 70 billion dollars, there is a tremendous need for professional linguistic help for an ever growing amount of user created contents: YouTube videos, blogs, comments, emails, text messages and website contents. Profession of human translator is in high demand and is positioned to stay competitive in the long run. The companies who seek to expand globally and stay competitive on the homeland turf are employing professional translation firms like TSU to ensure their corporate message is taken correctly and without any surprises. No, you can't translate every piece of document with human linguists only. It is expensive, let's face it. But the most significant parts such as medical records, employee handbooks, legal agreements and patents should be outsourced to professionals and handled as such. Would you rather entrust the surgery on your heart to an experienced human surgeon or a cheap machine tool?
In case you just started researching, the language translations is a long established industry and it encompasses the full range of linguistic services from document translations for written materials, to verbal interpreting for oral conversations. It is powered by professional human linguists on the high end segment where quality and precision is critical, and machine translations where quality is not a concern.
No one does a better job than a human translator. The social media tries to raise machines to the next level of quality and accessibility, but the reality shows that neither medical industry nor legal industry can take chances of low results which are not guaranteed by employing machine translators. Humans are the individuals who completely transform the meanings of your documents from one language to another and ensure that individuals who read your translations in Spanish, French, German, Japanese or Chinese languages will not be laughing. Contact us today to receive a free price estimate for your next language translation job!
Hello folks! The US holidays are approaching: Thanksgiving, Black Friday, Christmas and New Years. We thought of doing something great and we came up with a way to offer you a gift without asking anything in return. For the same, low price, all your subscription plans are increased with word and page load limits! If…
We’ve been pioneering the language crowdsourcing category since 2011 by developing our product ACKUNA. So did a handful of our competitors such as Get Localization. They deployed an app translation and localization service to better translate mobile apps for iPhone/Android and Blackberry (yes, there was one before!). The business model seemed rather promising: freemium offer…
Say Good Bye to Google Translate As you all probably know, Google is not only the search engine which we use on a daily basis when we need to ask a question. Google is also known for its free translation tool, called Google Translate, and its less known, website translator. It is free to use…