Welcome to Transferology!
We make exploring college transfer easy.
Create an account. Add some courses. Get results!
Watch how easy it is.Start exploring
Already have an account? Log in.
Save time and money with Transferology's quick, intuitive way of getting your college transfer credit questions answered. Create your free account now.
Will my courses transfer?
Simply enter your courses to find equivalent courses at other schools. Matches are ranked by awarded credit,
so you can eliminate the guesswork and maximize your transfer potential.
School Profiles offer quick access to program information, school size, and tuition & fees cost. You can even set up a campus visit with a click of a button!
Find a replacement course
Need to pick up a few extra credit hours? Looking to take some courses at another school over the summer?
Let Transferology do the heavy lifting of figuring out if the credit will transfer back.
Search for courses to take at another school based on the courses needed to complete your degree at the school you currently attend.
Since Transferology launched 5 years ago, more than 1 million students from all 50 states and 177 countries have searched to see how their courses transfer. Get your answers today!
Have other types of credit?
We've got you covered.
Standardized Exams
Discover how the exams you've taken (including AP Credit, CLEP, and International Baccalaureate) may be awarded credit from any number of schools.
Military Courses and Occupations
Are you a veteran of the United States Military? Add your courses and military occupations to find out what transfer credit hours you can receive for your experiences.
International Courses
In addition to thousands in the US, our network has schools in Canada and around the world. Enter your courses to learn how they might transfer to schools in the United States.
Check out our videos.
Get a sneak peek into what you can do.
Welcome to Transferology
Transferology is a fast and free way to explore your transfer options. Whether you're planning to transfer or need to take a course somewhere else, we've got you covered.
Will My Courses Transfer?
Whether you're planning to transfer or curious if it's possible, searching "Will My Courses Transfer?" makes exploring your options quick and easy!
Find a Replacement Course
Not transferring, but need to take class over the summer? Search "Find a Replacement Course" to see what courses will transfer back to your current school.
Students are saying,
"Being able to find several options near me without having to search school by school is a great upgrade. Very easy to use."
Some of the schools that use Transferology include: