|
Site Language
ENEnglish
Clients Looking for a Language Professional:
Language Professionals:
Most Popular Threads
What kind of music do you enjoy?22
New most popular scam in the translation Industry: identity theft14
Need advice concerning NDA and contract12
About ridiculous job offers (2)10
|
Welcome to TranslatorsCafé.com—Directory of Translators, Interpreters and Translation Agencies!
Visitors to TranslatorsCafé.com will find a new and very convenient way to connect with others in the international linguistic community. Offer your professional translation and interpretation services to registered translation agencies. Access useful linguistic news and resources. Or chat with other linguists about issues of the day. Enjoy your visit and don’t forget to add this site to your favourites.
Are You a Language Professional?
Sign up now if you are visiting for the first time—registration is free, or log on and enjoy the full search capabilities of this site. You can create your own profile and track your job applications in your personal translation agencies list. Registered translators will be notified about all new translation jobs in their language combinations posted on the Job Board.
Ask a QuestionRecent TCTerms Questions and Answers
Are you tired of being lonesome? Click or tap here and you will find yourself in a company of cheerful and most helpful colleagues. Look who registered today and join them.
Are You a Translation Agency Representative?
Add your company to our list of translation agencies or find a translator or partner here. You can also post translation job openings on our Job Board without charge.
Do You Need a Professional Translator, an Interpreter, an Editor, a Foreign Language Teacher, a Voice-Over Artist or a Multilingual DTP Expert?
We’ve helped over 23,300 other people who posted over 281,400 jobs to find translators, interpreters, ESL teachers or voice-over artists for their projects. Some of our clients include Apple, EBay, Google, Lionbridge, L-3 Communications, Microsoft, SDL, Xerox and many more.
If this is the first time you are going to use the services of a language specialist, you may want to read more about selecting a freelance translator or a translation agency. If you have already made a decision, please search our database of freelance translators and translation agencies to find exactly what you want, or post a translation job opening on our Job Board. It will be sent to all translators working in appropriate language combinations.
Interested in Translation as a Career?
Most of your questions have already been answered in this informative article. Not sure which language to study? Look at the language pairs in highest demand. Never tried to land a job online? Then this presentation is for you.
Do You Have a Success Story?
Share your story with other TranslatorsCafé.com users and read about the success of others.
Do You Want to Share Your Thoughts With Others?
Submit an article on TranslatorsCafé.com, or make notes on some upcoming events that are of interest to other language professionals.
Do You Find This Site Useful?
If you find TranslatorsCafé.com useful, tell your friends about it. If you want to link to TranslatorsCafé.com from your Web site, you can find images and HTML code here.
Take TranslatorsCafé.Com With You on the Road!
You can get the last information published on the site on your smart phone or any other mobile device with a mobile browser. Read more…
Still Lost?
Look at this page or just read online Help.
A Quick Look at TranslatorsCafé.com
|
165 users online (43 registered)
8,169 translation agencies
357,036 registered users
LINGUIST OF THE HOUR
TC Master
|Last Forum Postings:
|TranslatorsCafé.com
|
Site Map | Advertise | Mobile View | Site Language English | Spanish – Español | French – Français | German – Deutsch | Italian – Italiano | More...| Site TranslatorsCopyright © ANVICA Software Development 2002—2019. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy. Terms and Conditions of Use. Use signifies your agreement.
Mail comments and suggestions to TranslatorsCafe.com webmaster
Directory of professional translators, interpreters and translation agencies.