Choose your legend
The Hammer
Feel the sound of drums as you run towards the gates of your enemies. Laugh at their terrified faces and their tiny defenses. The horns get blown – a wasted effort. You will be gone with the goods before their friends mount their horses. But raids aren't enough. Your army will grow, and so will your hunger for more. You are free. Free to conquer every corner of this world until all kneel in your presence.
Harder than Steel
Wars aren't won in a day. Let all the fools run around bashing each other while you establish a thriving economy. You will be standing on top of fortified walls, mocking countless armies losing their spirit. Outsmart your opponents on every move they make. Lay traps for their troops and hold the prisoners ransom. Cooperate with your neighbors, form the backbone of your alliance and become a true protector of the people.
Lead with Greatness
Alexander. Caesar. You. Some leaders shape entire eras of history. Rise up to turn your alliance from a horde of warriors into an uncontested force. A true leader doesn't sit in his castle waiting for the right moment. Use your charisma and diplomatic guile to sustain power, manipulate your rivals and hold your empire together forever. Don't just be part of the story. Tell it. This era is yours.
Play with thousands of others
A true MMO experience
Enter a story entirely told by a complex web of player actions. Travel a world so vast that it takes days for the fastest rider to cross it. Ferocious Teutons, tough Romans and crafty Gauls will be on your side - or in your way. Trade systems fully run by players enable the right person to make a fortune. Try owning every unique artifact - or build the fastest Wonder of the World in history. In Travian: Legends you can be whoever you want.
Strategy Expert Paradise
The road to dominion
The greatest ascents all began the same way: by laying the first stone. From there it's entirely in your hands. Expand your reach until that first settlement in the shade of a tree becomes an empire on which the sun never sets. Explore the world and find oases of wealth. And, ultimately, eliminate all those trying to get in your way. The fruits of your labor will show with each building, each soldier and each advance that makes your civilization flourish.
Epic MMO Warfare
Prove yourself
Flaming debris soaring through the sky, shattering buildings and hopes of defense. The ground shakes from the incoming army as the sky turns dark from smoke. Welcome to the playground for grown-ups. Prove what you are made of against thousands of other players and earn your place in the world of Travian. Excel with the smartest strategy or just raid them on the hour, every hour. History isn't made in old town halls, it's decided on the battlefield. Are you a coward - or a conqueror?
Monuments of Eternity
The Wonder of the World
You haven't experienced true power until you build something so monumental, the whole world pauses to pay it tribute. Erect a Wonder of the World together with your alliance and the server is yours. The largest wars will be fought, the strongest confederacies will struggle and in the end it might be down to one single deciding move. In this moment of truth, friends become bitter enemies and old rivals form desperate alliances. It's time for heroes to become legends. Are you ready?