Find out how many Visitors open your Website, where they come from, and what content they like the most.
What began with an User Online Counter is now one of the most comprehensive and privacy-friendly Analytics Service and Web Traffic Tracker on the Internet. Find out why our users love trendcounter.
Privacy for you and your Visitors
We take data protection very seriously and have implemented important EU requirements early, such as the GDPR. That's why we record Visitors only pseudonymous and offer an Opt-out form, as well as a privacy policy for your Website. To ensure that the collected data is safely stored, we host our technology exclusively in the EU and protect the transmission with HTTPS/SSL.
Learn more about how we handle data in our privacy policy, or contact us directly for any questions.
For your Website, Blog or Shop
trendcounter has been designed so that you can easily adapt it to your needs. Whether on a private website, a lovingly maintained blog or an growing online shop. You decide for yourself how personal you want to get to know your visitors. A large selection of packages with individual Website Statistics make this possible.
You can use our Online Counter and Web Analytics Tool without effort with Weebly, Wordpress.org, Jimdo, Wix, Google Blogspot and Tumblr. Basically you can use it on almost every Website Builder or Blog system that supports the integration of JavaScripts or at least dynamic images.
Visible Visitor Counter or invisible Analytics
No matter if you want to use trendcounter invisible, or if you are a fan of a neat Visitor Counter, with us you always have the free choice. In addition to the invisible version, we offer you a variety of designs that you can customize by yourself.
In addition to classic designs, we also offer a Flag counter, Online Counter and a summary widget with the data of yesterday, today, total and the current Visitors online.
Personal and competent help
Service and satisfaction have always been very important to us. You get fast support from real people. And if you ever miss a feature, or you have a suggestion for improvement, we are always happy to hear from you.
The results of the last customer survey speak for themselves.
4.7 of 5 Stars at 247 Reviews
So that you do not have to rely solely on the data of your own Web Analytics when optimizing your Website, we create a monthly report on the distribution of used browsers and screen resolutions on all pages in the network free of charge.
For this we use the anonymized data of the Visitor Counter on the homepages of our users.
Find out more with our Visitor Counter with Statistics.