In order to use TriSignUp, your browser must accept cookies. Otherwise, you will not be able to register for races or use other functionality of the website. However, your browser doesn't appear to allow cookies by default.
Click here to accept the use of cookies on your browser.
If you still see this message after clicking the link, then your browser settings are likely set to not allow cookies. Please try enabling cookies. You can find instructions at https://www.whatismybrowser.com/guides/how-to-enable-cookies/auto. If you still have issues after this, please contact us.
We offer an open technology platform to cover the entire lifecycle of your race, with a focus on seamless engagement with your customers. At the core of our race management platform is our CRM, which enables you to manage and communicate with all the people essential to your event.Learn more
Customizable, mobile-ready race websites make registration look professional. Add images, colors, and custom content pages that align with your brand. Create a beautiful cover page that acts as a landing page for your site. Replace your RunSignup domain with a custom domain to make your site yours.Learn more
Maximize your marketing dollars and gain valuable insight on your race with analytics that drill into the sources of your registrations and transactions. Learn about participant behavior with demographic reports, referral data, and email marketing statistics.Learn more
Enhance your registration with integrated donations, fundraising, teams, free Facebook Fundraising integration, and automated fundraiser rewards.Learn more
Encourage runners to interact with your race on Facebook, create and manage coupons, and utilize email marketing options. Got all that? Think outside the box and create teams to inspire your runners to promote for you.Learn more
Take the headache out of RaceDay registration with paperless, time-efficient CheckIn, dynamic bib assignment, and kiosk and mobile options. Deliver real-time result notifications, enable GPS tracking, and use our free photo platform to create a memorable experience.Learn more
Powerful, free marketing tools such as email marketing and referral rewards. Registration capabilities allowing for flexible participant management. Fundraising features integrated into the platform, with a new platform for nonprofits: GiveSignup. A full RaceDay Suite with features from CheckIn to Runner Tracking
We understand that high-processing fees can make or break a customer’s decision to pay for your event. We keep our fees low so you can worry about what really matters - your race. Choose to have your customers pay the fee, absorb it yourself, or split it 50/50.
Real people responding to your RunSignup questions, 7 days a week. Quick answers to your RunSignup questions mean that you can spend less time searching for a solution and more time organizing your race.
Technology advances every day. We want to consistently deliver the best technology to our customers, so that’s why we continue to release new features and update existing features. And as always, our features are all included with your account - for free.
Races used RunSignup for Registration
Transaction Dollars were Processed
Dollars were Donated
People Registered for Events
“16% of our registrations were due to word of mouth marketing through the referral system. We had 10,884 race page views purely due to the referral system, with 568 completed registrations, resulting in $580 in refunds issued with $23,000 in registration revenue brought in. That’s an insane return-on-investment!”
Sour Fish Events