All prices exclude VAT at 20%
Spot on for bloggers and businesses – small to big
Best bits...
Fully managed
One-click install
Superior speed
Free domain
Hits the nail on the head for all sized businesses and eCommerce sites
Best bits...
Flexible
Unlimited bandwidth
Free domain
Best for fans of the familiar, comfortable control panel.
Best bits...
Familiar
Unlimited bandwidth
Free domain
Knocks the ball out of the park for ambitious businesses and ecommerce sites
Best bits...
Fully managed
Totally tailored
Powerful
Private
The web hosting solution for big timers and eyes-on-the-prize businesses
Best bits...
Fully managed
Custom-made
Evolved
Scalable
At tsoHost, you can cherry-pick your domain name from thousands of options. In addition to familiar .coms, .orgs and .co.uks, you can choose from 500 different extensions like .me, .london, .uk and even .ninja.
Buy either WordPress, cPanel or cloud web hosting and a domain together, meanwhile, and the domain comes free – that’s right, completely gratis, on the house.
AKA online armour against cyber snoops. Vital for good SEO.Get protected
A virtual buttress against hackers, viruses, malware and spyware.Build defences
Microsoft Exchange – arguably the best-branded email solution for businesses.Stay connected
tsoHost is built on a bedrock of three principles. We call it the Tso Trilogy. This little hat trick of values means you can take the following as read when you choose us…
After more than a decade, we’ve come to know hosting back to front, inside out, and upside down. Our obsession is reflected in our brand name. It’s a palindrome that reads the same way backwards as it does forwards.
The tsoHost world revolves around superior customer service. Our support centre is staffed by people-people, plus, our teams go through intense training to ensure they’re the top guns of the hosting service industry.
Sentences, succinct.
Jargon busted.
We're currently aware of 8 ongoing service incidents. Head to our Status Centre for more detailschevron_right
In online reviews, our customers wax lyrical about the speed of our web hosting solutions and the capability of our support team. Lip service is also paid to how flexible tsoHost’s hosting plans are, and how secure our solutions are thanks to our UK-based data centre.
Fanfare is also made about the following nuggets of tsoHost’s web hosting services.
You can take 99.9 per cent uptime as read when you buy a VPS or dedicated server web hosting solution from tsoHost.
Daily back-ups are part and parcel of our cloud, WordPress, cPanel, VPS and dedicated server web hosting services.
Depending on your plan, our cloud, WordPress, cPanel, VPS and dedicated server hosting solutions come with between one and three website migrations.
If you’re not happy, we’re not happy. That’s why our shared hosting packages come with a 30-day no-questions-asked money back promise.
At tsoHost we try to be an open book. Swot up on our timeline, principles and company set up on our About Us page.
Have a gander at our Magento hosting page.
Browse our tailored plans on our Joomla hosting page.
…read onSee what we have to offer on our PrestaShop hosting page.
Take a closer look on our Ghost hosting page.
Our website is a proverbial sardine tin of services and solutions. It’s packed with everything you need to thrive online. See something you like? Add it to your basket or get in touch with us to talk about it some …read onmore. If you already have services with another provider, we’ll make the move to us as streamlined as possible. Nine out of ten times, all you have to do is put your feet up while we take care of the logistics for you.