With our daily and weekly payments system you will receive your money via wire transfer, Paypal, Paxum, Payoneer or Bitcoin every time you need them!
Easy generation of your promotion tools (in a few clicks) and easy Copy/Paste integration into your website
We know that you need your money fast, so we set the minimum payout to only 10€.
The best results you can ever get as Publisher or Advertiser, guaranteed! We put quality above all in our services!
Solutions to any kind of problem you may encounter and access to our 24/7 technical support!
Gain 5% from our referral system! Lead your webmaster friends to Tube Advertising Ad Network and you'll gain a 5% revenue for life.
Intuitive Marketplace with direct exclusive offers that you can promote using your own traffic sources. (es Facebook, ExoClick, Ero-Advertising, etc.)
We offer you the possibility to track and report the conversions you make in your own or a 3rd party tracking tool like Voluum, Cake, TrafficManager, etc.
Very advanced Smartlink feature based on machine learning algorithms that automatically filter and target your traffic to the best converting offer based on the performance for each country, connection, device, carrier, operating system and browser without serving the same offer twice to the same user.
Maximize the profit from your desktop and mobile traffic thanks to our Geo-Targeted banner feature that will drive your users directly to the offers for which they showed interest and clicked into your website, increasing your conversion rate.
We convert all your traffic, desktop and mobile. Our system covers 200+ GEOs from all 6 continents with exclusive and high converting offers only.
With our social media dedicated in-house offers and promotion tools you will become a social media advertising master and make some REAL money with your traffic.
By default, TubeAdvertising offers 80% revenue-share from all the leads coming from your desktop and mobile traffic. Are you a super affiliate? Contact us and ask for an higher share for your traffic :)
Get access to our in-house offers created exclusively for our network and published in our Marketplace. Ask your affiliate manager to give you access to our PRIVATE offers with magic flows and conversion rates.
Have no fear, TubeAdvertising is here! We can work with all the traffic generating sources and help you increase your revenue from day 1. Let us prove you that TubeAdvertising is not an ordinary Affiliate Network.
You will receive a higher payout by default, easy callback integration (within minutes), access to our private direct in-house and exclusive offers in the Marketplace but you can also use our smartlinks to drive your fallback traffic into our system and our algorithms will do the job for you. Dedicate your precious time to other things instead.
Based on your performance you will get access to our private and exclusive in-house offers, exclusive payouts, the possibility to report your conversions in a 3rd party tracking tool like Voluum, Cake, HasOffers, TrafficManager, etc.
You will receive loads of REAL quality worldwide traffic that will cover your needs and sell your products. It’s easy to get started and we accept every kind of payout system, from CPA, CPC, CPL, CPI and Revenue share.
TubeAdvertising connects the webmasters/publishers, who want to monetize their desktop or mobile traffic, and the Advertisers, that want to promote their products and services online, directly through our optimized platform build on machine learning algorithms that automatically detects the country, connection, device, carrier (mobile operator), operating system and browser of the users flowing through our system, and then optimizing the traffic doing predictions based on the all the available data, offering them the best converting offer based on these criteria, without serving the same offer twice to the same user and always with a fallback offer ready in case the user push the back button because he lost interest.
Furthermore, we offer our Publishers/Webmasters only user-friendly and SEO-friendly promotion instruments that will help you to monetize your website traffic without damaging the positions reached in the search engines (SERP) in any way! We want your traffic on the long term, growing in visits and revenue, so it's not in our interest ruin your work!
If the payment was asked in the normal office hours, it's usually made within a couple of hours, however we reserve ourselves up to 24h to process the payments and to verify the conversions with the advertisers, to avoid any fraud.
Currently the user interface is available in English, Italian, German, Arabic, Spanish and Romanian but in the future we plan to translate our platform in other languages. Wanna help? Contact us! We pay well!
You can monetize your desktop and mobile traffic using the following promotion tools: Direct Link, Geo-Targeted Banners, Pop-unders, Late-Popup (exclusive tool we created that opens Pop-ups according to Google Guidelines, it's the SAFE sobstitute of the old Pop-up) and classic Pop-up of course, it's your choiche but we don't recommend to use it after the 10 January 2017 Google update if you have search traffic.Click here for more info! We respect your work and don't play with your traffic!
Machine learning, also called artificial intelligence is incredibly powerful to make predictions or calculate suggestions based on large amounts of data. Some of the most common examples of machine learning are Netflix algorithms to give you movie suggestions based on movies you've watched in the past, or Amazon algorithms that recommend you books based on the books you've bought before.
You got problems? Send us an email at info@tubeadvertising.eu or add us in skype: tube.advertising. Don't forget that we have also the online chat available, just click on the button at the bottom right of the page!
Yes, if you need to integrate with another tracking system you can do it yourself or we can do it for you. We support global postback and we also support multiple postback integration on the single offers.
If you choose to promote single offers from our Marketplace and you want to receive the fallback traffic back, you can set a global fallback link rule or a different one for each single offer if you want. By default we send that traffic in our Smartlink so we can convert it in our system but you can choose to get it back or even to show an error message, in case you promote our offers in Facebook or other "sensitive" networks that don`t allow smartlinks or advance redirects on their traffic. You can fiind furter info in our News page.
Sure, if the traffic coming from our system doesn't satisfy your needs you can always ask for a refound if the amount spent is not superior to 100 euro. We don't chargeback our publishers credit so, if the amount is superior we will need to keep your campaing active untill the end.
Yes, if is the first time you work with us we will ask you a prepayment between 500 and 1000 euro, depending on the traffic amount you need daily.