Baxter, Karlin, Reckling and Taylor all to be honored
Here's what to expect
Davies brings over 20 years of experience in the luxury appliances industry
For more than 20 years Peter Weedfald has been known in the consumer electronics (CE) global sphere as a hardworking, hard charging sales and marketing leader. But ask almost anyone to share a story about Weedfald and they’ll recall one of the countless moments in which he has leveraged his high-powered roles to champion children’s causes.
Stott tasked with developing new programming initiatives
Vehicle technology innovations to dominate CES show floor
But warns D.C. hostility to U.S. tech could open door to others
A dual-screen phone for less
Stores to have smaller footprint and strategic expansion plans
Smart CE vendors share tips on funding monthly expenses and new inventory when cash reserves dwindle in spring and summer.
Meets with key audio vendor partners Harman, Sony, and Sound United.
Organization celebrates 8th anniversary
Former Samsung Electronics North America President and CEO brings more than 35 years experience.
Adds over $100 million in new retail revenue to group
KEF products are now available at local SnapAV distribution locations and will be available via the SnapAV website later in Q4.
Supports Continued Exploration and Development of IoT Standards for Residential and Commercial Products
A brand new look and a premium price
New Surface portfolio can tick the right boxes for all sorts of users
Is this Apple's redesigned laptop?
“Mobile e-commerce sales could make up over 70 percent of total e-commerce sales by 2021”
But a lawsuit needs to be resolved before it can go forward
Computing wrapped around your finger
But warns D.C. hostility to U.S. tech could open door to others
Seth Weisblatt to head Home Furnishings for the buying group
Members need to cast their vote by October 22.
Company CFO Mark Derus named as the company's chief executive officer.
Inaugural "Your Voice Matters" Event Held This Week in D.C.
Premium, Compact Plug & Play Kit Includes Two Four-Inch, Full-Range Speakers That Mount on the Front Fairing Stylized to Match the Bike’s Body Lines and Also Doubles as a Windscreen
Proof of concept developed in collaboration with AWS marks first use of cloud resources for data storage and video origination for streaming from space