‘However, what is new in 2019 is that the Bills now have a much deeper roster, one that has good or very good players in every position group and coach Sean McDermott is getting meaningful contributions from a wide variety of them during this 5-1 start.’
BillsBeat - October 25, 2019
Buffalo Bills’ John Brown will go for 100-plus yards vs. Eagles (4 Week 8 predictions)
‘Look for Brown to get plenty of targets in the Week 8 matchup and finish with over 100 yards receiving.’
Eagles coach impressed with 'maturity and growth’ of Bills’ Josh Allen; compares him to Carson Wentz
‘“Sometimes you try to do too much early and sometimes, in our case, we have to kind of back Carson down sometimes too,” Pederson said. “You see that maturity and growth with young quarterbacks and that’s what you’re seeing there in Buffalo with (Allen).”‘
What could go wrong? Buffalo Bills to offer hatchet throwing before Eagles game
‘If hatchet throwing is not your thing, the team will also be hosting a chicken wing eating competition before the Bills (5-1) take on the Eagles (3-4). The winner will receive a Wing Championship Chain.’
Six Eagles declared out against Bills; Milano questionable
‘Here are the final injury reports and game status’ for both the Bills and Eagles ahead of their matchup Sunday in Orchard Park…’.
McDermott: We're not perfect, but we do have a standard
‘”I think what you find as most teams move forward, if they’re moving in the right direction, is just a heightened awareness of who we are, who our individual players are, and how they fit together to form the different pieces of the overall puzzle. And then putting plays in place, if you will, that really bank on the strengths of the collective players.”‘
Bills boast top red zone offense in NFL
‘“We’ve done a lot of self-scouting and just kind of shooting ourselves in the foot whether it’s a mental error, it’s me not you know making the right decision at the line of scrimmage, pre-snap penalties, something like that, it’s really not what the other teams doing,” Allen explained to reporters when asked about the offensive struggles on Wednesday.’
LB Matt Milano ‘questionable’ for Sunday’s game Vs. Eagles
‘“Very anxious,” Milano told reporters when asked about returning to the field on Thursday. “It makes you realize how much you actually miss it when you’re not out there with the squad. So, can’t take for it granted and when I get out there, I’ve got to ball.”’
Injury Report: Duke Williams, Matt Milano to be game-time decisions on Sunday
‘“A little bit. We’ll just have to see how he does,” he said. “It’s hard to get a real good feel in practice. We’ll do the best we can with it.”’
7 things to watch for in Bills vs. Eagles and around the NFL | Week 8
‘“The first thing that comes to mind is how to put a game plan together and how to attack an opposing quarterback,” McDermott said. “The lessons are numerous. I’m reminded of things every day. And then having Leslie Frazier here, I see the same things, when I sit back and watch, in terms of things we both learned and how he tried to apply the same things.”’
Bills are 5-1, but Josh Allen can't seem to win no matter what he does
‘”Yeah, I’ve thought that for a long time now where I’ve come to grips with, no matter what you do in life, somebody’s going to be upset or concerned or whatever it is,” Allen said as he and his teammates prepared to face the Philadelphia Eagles Sunday. “And that’s really the least of my problems. I care about what I’m doing for this football team, winning football games and just doing my job, what I’m asked to do.”‘
How Jim Salgado has made the Bills' rotation at nickel cornerback work
‘“We had talked in the past about maybe having an opportunity, so when he had got the job, it wasn’t long after I got a phone call,” Salgado said. “I was actually out recruiting in the middle of, I think Tennessee, and he called me up and talked to me about the position. It’s a dream that I had been waiting on. It’s been a great, fun three years so far.”’
Bills' nickel defense on spot against Eagles' dynamic TE duo
‘Which of their nickel defenders – Taron Johnson, Dean Marlowe, Siran Neal and Kevin Johnson – are the best fit in each down-and-distance situation against a Philadelphia offense that has two outstanding tight ends in Zach Ertz and Dallas Goedert?’
News' staff predictions for Bills vs. Eagles in Week 8
‘The Bills are the better team on paper, but I can’t shake the feeling the Eagles will find a way to come out with a season-saving win.’
Betting trends and pick for Eagles at Bills
‘Prediction: Eagles over Bills by 10.’
Roth: The future is now, it's time for Bills to be buyers at trade deadline
‘And despite their defense ranking No. 3 in yards and points allowed, they rank 22nd in sacks and 10th in takeaways, areas that could use vitamins to keep the Bills operating at an elite level.’
Buffalo Bills ‘kicking the tires’ on wide receivers; had interest in Emmanuel Sanders (report)
‘There is a reason why Denver traded Sanders first. Two weeks ago, Broncos GM John Elway was playing wait-and-see on trades. Then, Sanders didn’t play in the second half of a shutout win over the Titans, pushing Denver back into the AFC West picture at 2-4. The receiver met with head coach Vic Fangio on Monday then Elway on Tuesday (before the Broncos played the Chiefs on TNF) and agreed, if Sanders was a good soldier, to consider offers for the receiver. Sanders played 88% of the snaps against Kansas City, catching five balls for 60 yards, and the GM found a hot market—with the Saints and Bills vying with the 49ers and Patriots for his services. So Denver dealt him.’
Tre’Davious White has been everything Bills thought he would be
‘“I love when he’s dancing and smiling, I think that that’s good energy and juice that he brings to us. He’s got a great smile,” began McDermott. “He’s a good player. And I think he continues to evolve, which is what we envisioned with all of our players, all of our young players, that’s part of as coaches what we get paid to do is develop what’s brought in. Then the player has to take ownership and do his part as well, and in this case, Tre has done that.”’
Friday's Philadelphia Coverage
Is Eagles’ Andre Dillard taking over left tackle spot, or just keeping it warm? | Early Birds (Philadelphia Inquirer)
Eagles’ Jalen Mills is happy to be playing football again after nearly a year as a spectator (Philadelphia Inquirer)
Will other teams continue to ‘hunt’ Eagles linebackers? | Bob Ford (Philadelphia Inquirer)
First with Clemson, now the Eagles, Albert Huggins has gotten all he wants: a chance | Mike Sielski (Philadelphia Inquirer)
Who will Eagles use at nickel cornerback against Bills? (Philadelphia Inquirer)
In up and down Eagles season, only the kicker has been consistent (Delaware County Daily Times)
Eagles: Fletcher Cox getting undrafted rookies Anthony Rush, Albert Huggins up to speed (Cherry Hill Courier Post)
Eagles will remain in trouble whether they kill Bills or not (Allentown Morning Call)
Eagles notebook: Team getting healthier at cornerback, for what it’s worth (Allentown Morning Call)
Ex-Eagle Chris Long defends Carson Wentz, rips anonymous complaints: ‘It’s bull****’ (South Jersey Times)
NFL trade rumors: Eagles’ Nelson Agholor to the Colts? Why this NFL.com writer thinks a deal make sense (and he’s right) (South Jersey Times)
NFL trade rumors: Could Eagles deal offensive lineman to Browns? Here’s why swap makes sense for both sides (South Jersey Times)
How Eagles players, coaches are explaining their 6 biggest issues: Anonymous quotes, Carson Wentz, not enough Zach Ertz, more (South Jersey Times)
Eagles’ Jalen Mills says these 2 leaders are going ‘the extra mile’ to help improve the team in practice (South Jersey Times)
Newcomers slated to play big roles for Eagles Sunday (Press of Atlantic City)
Philadelphia Eagles injury updates: Lane Johnson returns to practice as 6 Eagles remain absent (Harrisburg Patriot News)
Albert Huggins, Anthony Rush step in on short notice for Eagles at defensive tackle (Harrisburg Patriot News)
Without DeSean Jackson, Eagles Struggling At Wide Receiver (AP)
Sidney Jones’ reaction to people saying his confidence is shot (NBC Sports Philadelphia)
Former Eagle Michael Bennett is headed to the Cowboys (NBC Sports Philadelphia)
A few good signs for recovering Eagles (NBC Sports Philadelphia)
What to expect from Anthony Rush and Albert Huggins, who are appearing in their first NFL game this Sunday (NBC Sports Philadelphia)
How much blame does Carson Wentz deserve for Eagles’ struggles? (NBC Sports Philadelphia)
Eagles-Bills Predictions: Can Birds Right The Ship In Buffalo Or Will Downward Spiral Continue? (KYW-TV)
For Carson Wentz, Sunday brings a new challenge (PhiladelphiaEagles.com)
Eagle Eye: Tre’Davious White and the Bills will present a difficult test for the Eagles on Sunday (PhiladelphiaEagles.com)
Bills Out To Prove They're For Real With Eagles Up Next
‘Perhaps, this is the type of challenge the Bills could use in facing questions of whether they’re for real or merely benefiting from an easy opening schedule that so far includes one opponent — New England — with a winning record.’
Eagles-Bills Preview Capsule
‘Second-year QB Josh Allen 3-0 this season without second-half turnover and 7-0 overall in games he starts and finishes.’
Matt Milano, Duke Williams still limited for Bills
‘Bills offensive guard Quinton Spain (foot) and fullback Patrick DiMarco (ankle) returned to practice Thursday after missing Wednesday’s session, while linebackers Matt Milano (hamstring) and Corey Thompson (ankle), wide receiver Duke Williams (shoulder), and cornerback Kevin Johnson (neck) were all limited. Safety Kurt Coleman was the only player who didn’t participate due to injury (hamstring).’
The ‘real’ Feliciano is huge asset for Bills O-Line
‘He survived domestic violence as a kid. His older brother beat him up and attacked his mom.’
How Josh Allen's progress with pre-snap reads is helping the Bills offense evolve
‘“In the first six games we’ve had, the defenses we’ve gone against have thrown a lot at us because Josh is a mobile guy. When you have a guy like Josh you try to make him get in his own head and make him make wrong reads and hurry up his process. He’s done a great job of just staying calm back there. Last game he was making a lot of checks out there and you love to see that.”’
3 key matchups to follow for Bills vs. Eagles | Scouting Report
‘Buffalo’s scrappy right guard will have to bring his best against one of the most disruptive interior defensive linemen in the league. If not given the proper attention, Cox has the ability to wreck a game.’
Bills Today: Bills coaching staff earns high praise from FOX Sports' Colin Cowherd
‘“They are now 3-0 off the bye with Sean McDermott,” Cowherd said. “Very Belichickian, very Sean Payton and Andy Reid. Byes matter more to well-coached teams. They have an 18-game streak of not allowing 400 yards. Tom Brady looked absolutely awful against them. Now there are some limitations offensively, but I will say this when they get into the red zone, they give you sevens not threes. Buffalo at No. 6.”’
BillsBeat - October 24, 2019
Pollock: Betting line for Bills vs. Eagles says close one
‘“They’re more than capable of scoring a lot of points and moving the football. They have a tight end who’s as good as there is in his league, so we’ll have to be right (defensively) come Sunday.”’
Bills O-line braces for dinged-up – but formidable – Eagles front
‘“He’s a stud,” said Bills guard Jon Feliciano, who most often will face Cox. “A lot of people have him as the No. 1 D-tackle in the league. I’m excited about it. It’s an honor. I believe he’s No. 1. He’s a real big dude, real strong. We have a good challenge in front of us this week.”’
NFL won't discipline Dolphins' Bobby McCain for alleged spitting incident
‘In brief comments to reporters Monday, McCain did not offer specifics of the incident or take questions.’
Quinton Spain does not practice; Matt Milano limited
‘Guard Quinton Spain did not practice and is listed with a foot injury. He was on the sideline for part of practice and went inside with athletic trainers.’
Editorial: Joy in Pegulaville
‘Does that mean it’s time to start planning the championship parades? No, but neither should the September and October victories be discounted. Championships are nice, but they are hard to come by, in case you haven’t noticed. Why bother hosting 41 NHL games or eight NFL home contests, in seasons that unfold over several months, if all that matters is becoming the last team standing in the playoffs?’
Gov. Cuomo says no stadium talk during his visit with Terry Pegula
‘”We were talking about the game, and we were talking about Western New York and the resurgence of Western New York,” Cuomo said. “I said this to him: We have spent a lot of time investing in Western New York, getting past the pessimism and the cynicism. Keeping the Bills in Western New York, I think, was critical to that progress.”‘
Bills-Dolphins game hits season-high rating
‘The game had a season-high 42.1 rating and 69 percent share on WIVB-TV, the local CBS affiliate, which means about 246,000 Western New York households heard CBS play-by-play man Andrew Catalon tell how much Dolphins quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick, a former Bill, loves Mulberry.’
Dolphins player Bryan Cox and how he spewed his hatred for Buffalo in 1993
‘Despite three Pro Bowl appearances for the Dolphins, Cox’s behavior in Buffalo was as upsetting in Miami as it was in Western New York.’
Bills legend Fred Smerlas: 'I’ve got some wounds, but I’m still fighting'
‘“Where I was born is Boston,” he says. “Where I grew up is Buffalo.”’
Why is Josh Allen struggling so much with long passes?
‘“I wouldn’t say it’s frustrating,” Allen said. “Obviously you want to hit every throw that you put out there. We haven’t attempted too many deep passes (he’s 0-for-10 on passes of that depth this season in six games) and when we’ve had them I haven’t done a good enough job of putting it where the ball needs to be. It’s something that we’re working on and it’s something that I don’t have any worries or thoughts about. It’ll be taken care of and I have no doubts on that.”’
Tre'Davious White, named AFC defensive player of the week, is at the top of his game
‘Some fans are never going to forget that Sean McDermott (and we imagine then general manager Doug Whaley) traded out of the No. 10 overall spot in the first round of the 2017 draft rather than pick quarterbacks Patrick Mahomes or DeShaun Watson.’
Can Buffalo Bills survive another week if Matt Milano can’t play vs. Eagles?
‘Bills coach Sean McDermott said on Wednesday that Milano has “maximized treatment” on the hamstring and it’ll be a wait-and-see approach to the rest of the week.’
Bills’ Cole Beasley shuts down trade talk with rumors swirling: ‘We have what we need’
‘“We have what we need, man. We just gotta clean it up and execute. That’s all it is,” Beasley said. “I know they feel the same way in the coaching staff. We feel like that in (the wide receivers) room. There’s nothing we’re looking for outside of here. We got our guys and we love our guys. So really it just comes down to cleaning it up and making the plays on Sunday.”’
Bills’ Josh Allen unveils hat designed with Oishei Children’s Hospital patients, staff: Pictures, price, when/where to buy
‘A new hat, designed by the Bills’ second-year quarterback and patients and staff from Oishei Children’s Hospital, will be made available on Friday, October 25. The hat will cost $25 with a portion of the proceeds going to the children’s hospital.’