Anonymous Online
School Safety Reporting
TISD Board of Trustees - Regular Meeting - October 8, 2019 - 11:30 AM
Strike Up the Band...Four States Invitational Marching Contest Slated for Saturday
Routine Items, Cooperative Purchasing Fees Report and Amendments to the District of Innovation Plan...
TISD Board of Trustees - Regular Meeting - September 17, 2019 - 11:30 AM
Texas High Tigers Announce Ticket Sales, Game Day Shuttle Service & Pep Rally Details for THS vs. AHS Football Game
August 2019 Board of Trustees Meeting Covers T-TESS Appraiser List, 4-H Adjunct Faculty, eSchool Prep Calendar, Tax Rate & Certified Values
TISD Board of Trustees - Regular Meeting - August 20, 2019 - 11:30 AM
Texarkana ISD Child Nutrition Department Cooks Up New Menus for 2019-20 School Year
Important Back to School Dates for TISD Parents & Students
Compensation Plan, Employee Handbook, Student Code of Conduct Along with Reports on School Health Advisory Committee and Athletic & Extracurricular Participation Reviewed During July 2019 TISD Board of Trustees Meeting
TISD Board of Trustees Approves 2019-20 Budget Featuring New Teacher Pay Scale from $43,000 to $63,000 per year via Funding from Texas House Bill 3
Three Texas High School Orchestra Students Earn Placement in Regional Orchestra; De Guzman Named Top Violinist
Helen Chen and Teagan Jones (Freshmen) earned their placement on violin while Nicolai De Guzman (Junior) made his placement on viola...
Texas High School Model UN Team Competes at Area Competition; Remington Cook Named Honorable Delegate
Members of the Texas High School Model United Nations Team attended the 10th Annual Area Model UN competition on October 12, 2019 in Dallas, TX....
Tiger Theatre Company's Night of the Living Dead Arrives Just in Time for the Haunting Season
Presented by special arrangement with Samuel French, Inc., a Concord Theatricals Company, Night of the Living Dead is a fun and hilarious re-imagining of George A. Romero's legendary classic...
Tiger Marching Band Earns 1st Division Rating during Region IV UIL Marching Contest; Also Brings Home 7th Place Finish from Royse City Contest
The judging panel included three Texas Music Adjudicator Association certified judges with ratings based upon the overall complete package of band performance...
Texas High School Choir Students Earn Top Chair Placements in All-Region Choir; Two Named Top Singer
The Texas High School Varsity Choir participated in the Region IV All-Region Choir auditions at Texas High School in Texarkana, TX on October 5, 2019...
Texas High School Student Council Takes the Helm as State President of Texas Association of Student Councils
From the national level, the Texas High School Student Council has earned the National Gold Council of Excellence Award from the National Association of Student Councils (NASC) for the eleventh consecutive year...
October 2019 TISD Board of Trustees Regular Meeting Includes Approval of Band Equipment & Supplies Vendors, Security Camera, Behavioral Analyst Services and Member Nominations to Bowie County Appraisal District
During the October 8, 2019 regular session of the TISD Board of Trustees, consideration and/or approval was given for the following items...
Texas High School Seniors Named Commended Students in 2020 National Merit Scholarship Program
Texas High School 2020 seniors, Hollan Borowitz and Molly J. Kyles, have been named Commended Students in the 2020 National Merit Scholarship Program...
Texarkana ISD Named Official Ford Motor Company Technician Training Program; Vehicles Donated to Texas High School For Automotive Instruction
Texas High School students are now gaining hands-on experience in the classroom and as interns at Todd Shores' McLarty Ford...
TISD Aquatic Center Renovation Completed; Now Open to Public for Fitness-Swim Program
When Texarkana College made the decision to close their aquatic center due to facility conditions and renovation costs, Texarkana Independent School District dove in to take over and make over the center...
Tiger Golf Signs on a New Tiger...Jordan Spieth's Trainer
Student golfers at Texas High School are now enjoying the opportunity to prepare and train with one of golf's best, Damon Goddard, who has been a key trainer for Jordan Spieth during the last 11 years...
Highland Park Elementary and Theron Jones ELC Named Leader in Me Lighthouse Schools of Distinction by FranklinCovey Education
Since its official launch nearly a decade ago, an estimated 4,000 public, private and charter schools across 50 countries have adopted the Leader in Me process...