Use drag and drop professionally designed graphic overlays and more
to make captivating videos
Join 65000+ Marketers, News Agencies, Businesses, Nonprofits and Influencers online
Optimize your video format for top social media platforms like Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, YouTube and LinkedIn. Choose from 20+ formats and aspect ratios like 1:1 square letterbox, 9:16 vertical. 16:9 widescreen. One click resize enables you to create videos with breakneck speed!
Typito provides you with a wide range of motion graphic templates inspired by popular brands. Create stunning videos for events, news, food vlogging, sports, travel & 50+ categories. Easily mix and match lower thirds, intro animations, captions and design your own videos!
Build an unforgettable brand with video using your own fonts, colors and logo templates that you can drag-drop or customize with ease. Now your videos will consistently reflect your brand, whether you work for a small business or a big enterprise.
Publish Full HD videos (1080p) with Typito. Never compromise on quality.
Get a real-time preview of how the final video looks like. No surprises after export!
Transform your video into square or vertical formats with just a click. Magic resize!
Use any track to define the tone of your video in the way you want.
Beautiful high-resolution photos from Unsplash. Do whatever you want with them!
Seamless integration with Facebook & YouTube. Save time by uploading your videos directly from Typito.
By far the easiest program that I have used for making videos. Typito helps me look professional, add value, humor, and has led to higher click-throughs to videos on my website.
Not everyone has access to, or the chops to use Final Cut Pro or Adobe After Effects. Typito allows you to stitch or cut clips, add overlay titles, motion graphics, social media cards, and lower thirds. It allows even rookie editors to create magic.
Typito is like the Canva version of online video editing software. Editing aspects are fairly easy to jump in and use without having to watch any tutorials. Message the customer support team, they are very hands-on.