Enter registred email
address and we'll send you
password reset instructions
Each beautiful Russian girl from the Eastern Europe, registered on online dating Ukraine service UaDreams, turned to us with hope to find a man of her dreams. Russian and Ukrainian girls from our online dating site believe that with help of UaDreams will find you, the only one, and give you her love! Visit our Gallery of Russian brides. Look at these attractive, charming, hot Russian girls and at the same time family-oriented beauties. Maybe one of them will be your sweetheart?
You still have doubts about finding beautiful, intelligent and family oriented girl from Ukraine? We can help! Just see the result of our work... All of them are happy couples, and YES, they've found each other with our help :)
Do you have a dream to meet a beautiful Russian woman, but still have some doubts? Look at our members who have already done this step. Our online dating Ukraine service does everything possible to make your dreams come true. Here are our recent testimonials and reports about romantic trips to sweethearts. Read how men from all over the world evaluate our services.
are represented on our site. Ladies are intelligent and marriage minded. They are open to sincere communication and to development of long term relationship leading to marriage.
You are disappointed and have almost resigned a dream to get married?
You've been trying to catch sight of Her in bars, cafes and even theaters and museums but She was not there? You were looking for Her in the wrong place! Look for the right one on Uadreams.com - you can find the woman here that will make you the happiest man in the world!
We have been in business for more than 10 years (not bad!) and we have established a reputation of a reliable and first class dating agency.
Every month we have dozens of members coming to our branches in Ukraine. The majority of them find their pretty wives with our help. 95% of members are satisfied with the level of our services, just read their Testimonials.
Do you know why we don't have 40,000 ladies, but much less? We never register and remove all the non-serious ones!
That is why you don't need to look through thousands of profiles - just choose any lady from our Gallery and you can be sure: she is also searching for her missing half.
We strictly monitor and select the girls that we accept to our agency. UaDreams always check their matrimonial status and background and take all possible efforts to protect you from any kind of scam.
1. Complete your profile. Really.
Nobody want's to talk (and date) with "No photos" :) Trust us. We know. You know.
Spend two minutes now and write something about yourself!
Answer few simple question and show your lovely photo. All is free for you. Read our blog to join our UaDreams anti-scam program.
2. Successful start of a relationship.
It's that simple. Men are visual when it comes to love :) Start from the Gallery of ladies and choose several ladies whom you like.
3. Write the first letter right now.
Absolutely FREE every day!
You take no risk, but you can try. Write something about yourself, your hobbies and your dreams, ask her about something what you are conscious about.
Send her a recent photo of you, your home or your surrounding, show her places where you have travelled to.
4. Start Video Chat as a real date
You will answer your main question: watch is she like in real life? She is smiling, looking at you - and you are simply typing your words adn worry about nothing.
Video Chat is more convenient than video conference or tele-phone call, you always have opportunity to think over your next words.Look who is online now and try Video Chat
5. Keep in touch and develop your relationship
We help you to organize any surprise, to choose and deliver any gift for your lady or to realize your any extraordinary idea, anything to win her heart! Use unique services that will create a comfort in your communication.
Do you have a dream to meet a beautiful Russian or Ukrainian woman, but still have some doubts? Look at our members who have already done this step. Our online dating Ukraine service does everything possible to make your dreams come true. Here are our recent testimonials and reports about romantic trips to sweethearts. Read how men from all over the world evaluate our services.
So Great Experience!
I was treated like King!
I will never forget
these wonderful, wonderful people!
They are The Best and My Friends
Lee from USA
I want to welcome you to this wonderful experience. Has anybody ever had any doubts im just totally blown away, amazed how this wonderful people. Im not acting, Im not an actor. This is my true feelings, how I feel, that I come to the Ukraine.
I was actually fearful, I was scared, and I had my doubts, but all that has been eliminated. I've met the kindest, wonderful human beings that a man can meet. Beautiful girls, beautiful people. I encourage everyone and anybody, who has any doubts about coming here, about not finding the person, that they really would like to find. And they think that they have an experience of a lifetime. I will remember this moment, this day, this hour, this time in my life for the rest of my life. It's been absolutely a wonderful experience! I've been treated like a king!
And beyond that, I've never been treated so well even in my own home country — has never treated me like this people. The welcomed me with opened arms, warm smile ans opened heart. I don't think anybody could determine how much I appreciate these people. They've done everything for me. Everything! I haven't have to do anything, but just wake up in the morning — breakfast is there. I didnt have to do anything — supper is there. I didnt have to worry about nothing — the car is there.
These people are amazing! And if anybody has any doubts, any doubts... I am an American, you can call me, you can ask me, you can e-mail me. I'll give you my honest opinion. It's the best, most fantastic thing I've ever done in my life! I encourage you, I tell you. All you gotta do is ask me a question, I'll be more than happy to answer your questions. These people are the best! Thank youSee more excellent testimonials