UAF Home
Apply
Apply for admission.
Find out more
Get some specifics or request more information.
Discover UAF
Schedule a campus visit or take a virtual tour.
UAF gets it done
We're a top university
UAF is the only national university in Alaska, according to U.S. News and World Report's 2019 rankings. In fact, Times Higher Education ranked UAF No. 10 among the world's best small universities in 2019.
We're accredited
The University of Alaska Fairbanks is accredited by the Northwest Commission on Colleges and Universities.
We're military friendly
UAF has been designated a Military Friendly® School by GI Jobs magazine for the past eight years, and has been selected as a TOP SCHOOL by Military Advanced Education for the fourth year in a row.
We have a 360+ million-acre classroom
UAF was named the #1 college for hiking by Backpacker Magazine and the #12 U.S. college for outdoor adventures by the OutBound Collective.
More options, more opportunities
Launch a rocket. Monitor muskoxen. Study in Spain. It's your life. Make it off the charts or off the grid.
Whether Alaska is home or a new beginning, a UAF degree offers the ultimate opportunity: a chance to make a living doing what you love. So choose the path that intrigues you -- you never know where it might lead.
e-Aurora magazine
Read about Professor Kelly Drew's brain injury research, and much more, in the fall 2019 e-Aurora.Read issue
News
-
Living dead scattered across Alaska landscapeOctober 17, 2019Their bodies cooling with the October air, wood frogs are now snug in leafy blankets all over Alaska. Down there inside those thumb-size frogs, even smaller creatures are hitching a ride. These tiny parasites have the power to make frogs develop up to a dozen extra legs, or no legs at all.Read article
-
Peter Stortz named to 4-H Hall of FameOctober 10, 2019Retired Palmer 4-H agent Peter Stortz will be inducted into the National 4-H Hall of Fame on Oct. 11, becoming the sixth Alaskan to receive that honor.Read article
Events
-
Oct26
Encanto Northern Lights to feature mix of opera, mariachi
Davis Concert Hall
7:30 p.m.
-
Oct25
‘Dead Writers’ event at the Pub on Oct. 25
The Pub, 1731 S. Chandalar
7-10 p.m