Please read this License Agreement ("Agreement") carefully before clicking the "I Accept the Terms & Conditions" button.
By clicking the "I Accept the Terms & Conditions" button, you are agreeing to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement to use the APIs in the Sandbox.
If you do not agree to the terms of this Agreement, do not click on the "I Accept the Terms & Conditions" button and do not add the API to the list of APIs your application will access.
1. Definitions
When used in this Agreement with the initial letters capitalized, in addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, the following terms have the following meanings:
∙ API means the UNITED BULGARIAN BANK’S (UBB) application programming interface;
∙ Intellectual Property Rights means all patents, copyright and related rights, trademarks, logo, service marks, trade, design rights, business and domain names, rights in trade dress or get-up, rights in goodwill or to sue for passing off, rights in designs, database rights, rights in confidential information (including know-how and trade secrets) and any other intellectual property rights, in each case whether registered or unregistered and including all applications for, and renewals or extensions of, such rights, and all similar or equivalent rights or forms of protection in any part of the world.
∙ Sandbox is the software testing environment that enables the isolated execution of software or programs for independent evaluation, monitoring or testing.
2. License
UBB grants you a limited, non-transferable, non-exclusive, as-is, non sub licensable license
to use the API for the sole purpose of developing and testing your applications.
3. Restrictions
You shall not-
∙ change or delete any copyright, trademark, tradename or other proprietary notices, legends, symbols, or labels appearing on or in the API;
∙ Disclose, share or divulge any of the API specifications to any third party;
∙ Represent in any way that your application is approved, recommended or endorsed by us;
∙ Disable, or by pass any security protocols or measures or technical limitations of the APIs;
∙ Modify, decompile, reverse engineer or otherwise alter the APIs;
∙ Participate or engage in any activity which restricts, hinders, impedes, interrupts or harms the API in any way or permits unauthorised access to the API;
∙ Use the API and the content thereon for any purpose other than those expressly permitted by these Terms of Use
UBB reserves the right to modify, suspend or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the APIs, with or without notice and without liability to you.
4. Intellectual Property
Intellectual Property Rights
4.1 We retain all Intellectual Property Rights with respect to UBB API’s, including content and documentation and these may not be copied, transmitted or reproduced without our prior consent. All Intellectual Property Rights and other rights in connection with the Portal (including without limitation, information, graphics, software, text, sounds, images, trade marks, service marks, trade names and logos) are vested in us or our licensors. You agree that you shall not obtain any Intellectual Property Rights, title or interest in the Portal other than in accordance with these Terms of Use.
4.2 You undertake not to do anything which would bring UBB or any of it trademarks, trade names, logos, or branding into disrepute or harm the reputation and goodwill of UBB.
4.3 You acknowledge and agree that we may independently develop or create applications, content or other services or products that may be similar to and/or compete with your applications and nothing in these Terms of Use shall prevent us from exploiting any such commercial opportunities.
5. Term and Termination
This Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by you or UBB.
UBB may, in its sole discretion, at any time and for any or no reason, suspend or terminate this Agreement with or without prior notice.
This Agreement will terminate immediately, without prior notice from UBB, in the event that you fail to comply with any provision of this Agreement. You may also terminate this Agreement by deleting the Application on our API.
Upon termination of this Agreement, you shall cease all use of the APIs on the Sandbox.
6. Severability
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable or invalid, such provision will be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of such provision to the greatest extent possible under applicable law and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect.
7. Amendments to this Agreement
UBB reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace this Agreement at any time. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
8. Applicable law and jurisdiction
The provisions of the Bulgarian law shall apply to this Agreement. Disputes betwen UBB and you related to, or arising from this Agreement shall, unless settled amicably between UBB and you, be brought for resolution before the competent Bulgarian court in Sofia, Bulgaria.