Right now we are seeing the rise in video streaming services and while options are good, it in turn creates a problem because how would companies realistically expect customers to subscribe to multiple streaming services at once? According to a report from Reuters, HBO might have an idea.
While it looks like Google could be done on the virtual reality front, it seems that the company is still very much interested in augmented reality (AR), so much so that according to a report from 9to5Google, it has been revealed that the packaging of the Google Pixel 4 actually comes with a hidden AR Easter Egg surprise.
One of the green initiatives we’ve seen from Tesla comes in the form of solar roofs. While solar panels installed on roofs aren’t exactly new, Tesla’s idea is to make the entire roof out of solar panels, which would boost the efficiency of it while helping to maintain the aesthetics of the home.
As some of you might have heard, Google’s Pixel 4 has come under fire recently for its 90Hz display, where despite being advertised as such, it was revealed that the display’s refresh rate changes depending on the brightness, where it can drop down to 60Hz. Now it seems that Google might have actually blocked certain apps from ever running at 90Hz.
At the moment, Facebook’s News Feed consists of posts from everything. This includes posts from friends, colleagues, family members, and pages and groups that you have joined or Liked. Facebook has attempted to use algorithms to try and make it as relevant as possible, but given that it contains just about everything, it can get messy.
Thanks to the ongoing work of researchers, we are slowly unraveling more secrets of the world around us, but as you might have figured out, sometimes research does not come cheap. This is what Russian scientists have learnt when they were tracking the migrating patterns of eagles, where they were presented with a pretty huge phone bill at the end.
Gran Turismo Sport is a video game available for the Playstation platform.A lot of companies officially design futuristic concept cars just for the game. The involvement of car manufacturers for a game implies that they want to showcase their future ideas to the general public.Not just that but it also gives them an idea of how the concept is being received by players all over the world as feedback to […]
Photographers and filmmakers might be familiar with RED and their lineup of cameras which are used to film some of the best movies in the world. However, in recent years, the company decided to branch out where they made their first smartphone, the RED Hydrogen One. If you were hoping to see a successor, you won’t.
One of the benefits of streaming services like Netflix and Amazon is that you don’t need to deal with ads. This is because while they do sometimes feel like regular television, they are not, and as such, aren’t necessarily subjected to the same requirements of television. This includes broadcasting emergency alerts in the form of Reliable Emergency Alert Distribution Improvement (READI).
Before Apple TV Plus and Disney Plus, Sony had actually arrived to the market with its PlayStation Vue service. In case you’re unfamiliar, the PlayStation Vue is a live TV streaming service which was Sony’s attempt to capture the market that other companies such as Hulu have been operating in.
In recent years, we have seen the rise in the popularity of TikTok. For those who are unfamiliar, TikTok is an app in which users can set a song and dance to it and later add all kinds of funky and cool effects. It is basically a fun app that doesn’t seem to do much else, but could it potentially be a national security risk?
OnePlus seems to have employed a rather strange strategy this year, where the OnePlus 7 was not released for the US market. Instead, the company chose to launch the Pro variant of the phone stateside. That strategy was later reversed when OnePlus announced the OnePlus 7T and 7T Pro, where the former would be releasing stateside and that the latter wouldn’t.
If you’re in the market for a new set of wireless headphones, then you might be interested to learn that Bang & Olufsen has announced an update to its Beoplay H4 headphones. For those unfamiliar, the H4 headphones are the more affordable headphones in B&O’s Beoplay lineup, so it could be worth checking out.
Earlier this week, we reported that in a firmware update that was pushed out to the Google Home and Home Mini devices, some users ended up with bricked devices where in some cases, there was nothing that they could do about it. It was made worse with some users claiming that Google was refusing to replace the affected devices outside of its warranty.
Last year Apple’s iPhone XR represented the bulk of iPhone sales. It was not surprising given that the iPhone XR was the cheapest option amongst the 2018 releases, while at the same time the differences in its specs wasn’t so great that users felt that they were giving up too much just to save some money.
Back in September, after years of teasing, Sony has confirmed that The Last of Us 2 will be released on the 21st of February, 2020. However, it seems that according to Naughty Dog, the game’s developer, they have announced that they will be delaying the release of the game for an additional few more months to the 29th of May, 2020.
In a report by CNET, a prototype foldable phone from TCL reveals itself as a dual-hinged foldable concept phone which folds in three parts (appears as a zigzag) and opens as a huge 10-inch tablet.Along with an interesting set of specs (4 rear cameras, one front camera, USB-C, and no headphone jack), there was a lot going on with the phone.It might feel very similar to a book giving away […]
We have all known about various surveillance techniques using a drone to infiltrate aerial borders or monitor activity on enemies.When it is about enemies, it is definitely useful. But, what if someone else is using a drone to keep an eye on our moves?In this case, I am referring to the United States Air Force. Interestingly, the first Anti-Drone laser weapon system (Laser Dune Buggy) by Raytheon has been delivered […]
With the Google Pixel 4, Google managed to achieve a couple of “firsts” for its Pixel lineup of smartphones. One of those “firsts” is a dual camera system, and the second would be a 90Hz refresh rate in its display. However, in the past few days, we’ve seen some controversy arise in its display where it was found that it was not always set at 90Hz.
Thanks to science and the advancement of technology, we’re starting to see doctors gain new tools that could potentially help them save lives that they might not have been able to before. Thanks to the work of UC Berkeley and UCSF researchers, it seems that they have developed an algorithm that could help doctors better and faster detect brain hemorrhages.