[MUSIC PLAYING]
The neighborhood of Hyde Park in South Chicago is the home of the University of Chicago. The beautiful community near the shores of Lake Michigan is rich with tradition and diversity. It is where the University of Chicago started more than 100 years ago, with a gift from John D. Rockefeller. Home to many Nobel winners, brilliant, academic scholars, scientists, and artists, the University of Chicago is also home to UChicago Medicine, an academic medical center, where the patient is first, and science, along with research and training of the next generation of doctors, is embraced.
A very deep-seated part of our culture is to question, and to challenge, and not to take for granted. And so that's foundational. And people know that when you come to the University of Chicago, that's expected so that even though things may have been done a certain way for the last 10, 15, 20, or 30 years, , you have to figure out, is there a better way to do it?
The reason to come to University of Chicago Medicine is we offer not only just innovative therapies for patients, novel therapies for patients, you will get a view into tomorrow's therapies here today to take care of you.
UChicago Medicine is an academic medical center that trains future leaders in medicine and research.
The answer that we got was, you don't have to travel far. You've got the very, very, very best in your back yard. They said, University of Chicago's got this amazing program.
UChicago Medicine is based in the Hyde Park neighborhood of Chicago and includes the University of Chicago Medical Center, the Pritzker School of Medicine, and the biological sciences division. Today, UChicago Medicine has expanded beyond the campus to include Ingalls Memorial, a community-based hospital and outpatient facility in Harvey, Illinois, and dozens of outpatient clinics in downtown Chicago, the south suburbs, and Northwest Indiana. It is a place we call home, and a place where we care about our neighbors and their future.
Actually, I'm born and raised in Chicago-- grew up on the south side of Chicago. And I've always heard wonderful things about the University of Chicago. And as a child, it was kind of like a pillar of great health, and great health standards, and excellence. So ever since I was a little girl and I knew that I wanted to be a doctor, I knew that I wanted to work here.
Research and the basic sciences are a big part of what UChicago Medicine is all about. We are constantly searching for cures for some of the most debilitating diseases people face. We want our neighbors to live happy, healthy, long lives.
University of Chicago is a unique place, where the clinical care is closely coupled-- it's on the same campus-- as the basic-science research. And you have every component of medical care here-- adult, pediatrics, the entire spectrum. So it's a unique place and institution, not only within Chicago, but even in the United States.
UChicago Medicine has always been different. Our scientists constantly question and look for other, better ways of doing things. Clinical curiosity and academic rigor are welcomed here, as well as the desire to provide the best care possible to those who need us.
As long as you're smart, and you're hard working, and their ideas are good, even though they're unconventional, give them a chance. We don't assume they're correct, obviously. But we give them a chance to prove that their idea is better than everybody else's. And that is not something that you can take for granted at every institution.