With a range of dedicated server and cloud hosting solutions available, your online environment is built from the ground up by our in-house solutions architects, tailored to suit your unique requirements and using bleeding-edge, enterprise-grade technology.
Get the expert support you need, exactly when you need it. With just three rings, you’re through to your dedicated support pod of highly qualified expert Linux and Windows engineers who know your hosting solution inside and out, whether it’s midnight or midday.
Whether it's our exclusive eCloud® range, ultra-secure public sector solutions or incredible eCommerce hosting, We're always the first to market with innovative technologies. Harness the power of our high-performance servers and unparalleled connectivity.
We are an extension of your business, here for you 24/7/365. From our award-winning support pod system to our industry-leading SLAs, our thirst for innovation to our obsession with speed and performance, there's a whole host of reasons to choose UKFast.
Call us now on 0800 458 4545 or
Over the past two decades, UKFast has grown from a two-person startup to a multi-million pound business. Dedicated to continuous innovation and providing world-class managed hosting and dedicated server solutions, we transform your business by using cutting-edge technology combined with incredible connectivity and award-winning support.
Startups, enterprise and public sector organisations alike trust UKFast to host their business-critical websites and applications, safe in the knowledge that we guarantee 100% network uptime and provide 100% data sovereignty with exclusively UK-based support teams and data centres.
Your UKFast hosting solution is only ever housed in our purpose-built, wholly owned data centres, which are ISO-certified and PCI-compliant to provide the highest standards of security, availability and performance.
Our outstanding customer service and support has earned UKFast the highest Net Promotor Score in our industry, meaning you won’t finding a hosting solution with our level of support anywhere else in the world. Your UKFast hosting solution comes with an industry-leading SLA which guarantees that, should a problem ever occur, an experienced engineer will be working to find a solution within 15 minutes of being notified.
We're proud to go the extra mile for our clients and it's reflected in the feedback we receive. Our customer satisfaction is 9 times higher than the industry average. Find out why NPS really matters and how you can implement it in your business.NPS and our Exceptional Customer Service
UKFast today launches a new FPGA as a Service offering built around Intel® FPGA Programmable Acceleration Cards
Since 2012, we have made multi-million pound investments in building and developing our data centres to ensure we are providing the highest level of service available.
Each of our UK-based, enterprise-grade data centres is ISO-certified and provides 100% power availability and redundancy for all critical components, keeping your mission critical applications online at all times.
Take a Virtual Tour of a UKFast Data Centre
You add 18 years' experience, enterprise-level technology and industry-leading support 24/7/365 to your IT department. We're here for you, but don't just take our word for it.