Best portable laptops and ultrabooks in 2019 – complete buying guide
Getting the right laptop that meets both your requirements and budget is definitely not that simple these days, with so many good options out there. This article will help though. We’ve reviewed hundreds of laptops in the last decade,...
Best affordable laptops under $1000 in 2019 (many under $600)
This article is going to help you if you’re after a modern...
Best portable gaming laptops and ultrabooks in 2019 (detailed guide)
Here at Ultrabookreview.com, we’ve been reviewing gaming laptops for more than 10...
Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon 7th gen review (2019 model – Core i7, FHD & UHD screens)
It’s been a long time since I had a Lenovo product and...
Ever since I Jury-rigged my XPS 15 9550 to the first Razer Core back in 2016, I’ve made use a few different of Thunderbolt 3 eGPU setups over the years. I’ve done quite a bit of mixing and matching of various eGPUs (Razer Core,...
Lenovo’s (and previously IBM’s) ThinkPads are some of the most popular ultraportable notebooks of the last decades. But what if you need a solid all-day ultrabook and don’t like the sober black looks or don’t have the budget to go with a ThinkPad? Here...
I know it’s not 1998 and Microsoft bashing is passé and it looks like I’m making a mountain out of a molehill here, but please bear with me. The message is important! So I just bought The Outer Worlds on account of it being...
The MSI GS75 is definitely one of the more intriguing laptops that have been on my shortlist for the past year or so. To me, I always looked at it as a 17” powerhouse inside a 15” “GS60-like” package. I had the GS73VR for...
Microsoft’s Surface Laptops have been some of the more popular ultrabooks of the last few years. With the 3rd generation, Microsoft added a full-size 15-inch Surface Laptop 3 alongside the traditional 13.5-inch variant, and I wanted to discuss its overall value in today’s market,...
The Asus ROG Strix Scar III G531 has been available in stores for a few months now, and we’ve finally got to spend time with it and gather our full impressions below, with the strong points and the quirks. This follows up on the...
Back in 2017, LG released the LG G6. While not a particularly outstanding device, the G6 will go down as the first smartphone to adopt an 18:9 aspect ratio as, until then, most smartphones utilized a 16:9 ratio. Since then, phones have steadily become...
News about Sony’s upcoming console have been rife lately. In the last week alone, Sony Interactive Entertainment CEO Jim Ryan confirmed to WIRED that the Holidays 2020-bound console will be officially called the PlayStation 5, while Japanese website Famitsu has been credited for confirming...
The ProArt StudioBook Pro X W730 is Asus’s first attempt in the professional workstation notebook segment, one dominated by the Lenovo ThinkPads, ZP Zbooks and the Dell Precision series. We’ve spent the last few weeks with an early sample of the Pro X and...
HP’s Enterprise 14A G5 and Enterprise x360 14E G1 are enterprise-grade Chromebooks targeted at businesses
Chromebooks are great budget devices or individual consumers to use. Google’s connected computers have also found success in the education market due to their ease of setup and light maintenance requirements. But what about traditional businesses? HP seems to think Chromebooks have potential in...
Update: 10/10/2019 — added more bugs/instability notes As an ultraportable 15-inch notebook with Intel’s 9th generation Coffee Lake hexa-core CPUs and Nvidia’s GTX 1650 graphics, the Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Extreme (Gen 1 review here, P1 Review here) is one of the most in-demand premium...
The Samsung Chromebook 3 is a decent budget Chromebook, but it’s getting a bit long in the tooth. Fans of the brand are in luck, though; Samsung recently released two successors to the Chromebook 3. Launched yesterday, the Samsung Chromebook 4 is an 11.6-inch...
Nvidia’s Turing GPUs have proved themselves to be powerful and popular graphics cards. The RTX line, in particular, has been met with widespread success, thanks in part to their gaming prowess. However, most of the marketing surrounding Turing revolved around the introduction of real-time...
MSI just announced the Alpha 15 gaming notebook, an entry-level series built entirely on an AMD hardware, with the already existing Ryzen 7 3750H processor and a brand new Radeon RX 5500M graphics chip based on the Navi 7-nm architecture. This Alpha 15 is...
Update: October 13, 2019 added HWiNFO logs of extended gaming benchmarks We recently noted in our review of the X1 Extreme Gen 2 a few days ago that performance was a bit weaker than it should be due to thermal and power-limit throttling. In...
The Pixel 4 phones are closer than ever to their official launch event. So far, there’s not much that hasn’t been revealed about the flagships—with Google also doing its best to keep the phones in the eyes of the public. While things on the...
Getting the right laptop that meets both your requirements and budget is definitely not that simple these days, with so many good options out there. This article will help though. We’ve reviewed hundreds of laptops in the last decade, of all kinds and from...
Much like its predecessor, the ZenBook 15 UX534 slots in a niche without much competition, as a nicely crafted, compact and light 15-inch laptop with solid everyday performance, some gaming abilities, decent battery life, and competitive pricing. It’s not as capable in demanding loads...
Apple released its latest iPhone models just a few weeks ago, but already rumors are swirling about Apple’s next steps. According to analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, one of the leading Apple analysts in the world, the Cupertino colossus could release a new iPhone as early...
Microsoft Neo – a Windows folding tablet Update 2019-10-02 8:50 PM CST: I have added my personal opinions on the device and my speculation as to its future. These can be found at the end of this article, after the Release Date section. Microsoft...