Get the tools, training and support, to build and grow a digital marketing agency in partnership with known tech-brands.
#1
WHAT WE DO
With Umbrella's Pro Agency Platform you are able to sell leading marketing solutions to businesses.
While having all the fulfillment done for you and enjoying very low wholesale prices!
Learn more
Now you can tell clients:
“We’ll get you on the first page of Google, for the search terms you want, or you don't pay a dime!”
Now you can tell clients:
“Advertise on Top National Brand Magazines for a Fraction of the Market Price- in your Local market!”
Now you can tell clients:
“Manage your brand's online presence and information across 70+ websites all from one source!”
Now you can tell clients:
“67% of people will not buy from a business with less than a 3-Star Review Average. Do you manage your reputation?”
Now you can tell clients:
“Advertise on 100s of Websites, and Only Pay for In-Store Sales. 500% ROI Guaranteed!”
Now you can tell clients:
“Social Media Advertising with Guaranteed Performance or your money back!”
100% Done-For-You
Focus on selling and growing your business: our partners will do all the fulfillment and technical work for you.
Whether it's a Facebook campaign, SEO, building a website or advertising in a magazine; everything from creative elements to copy, setup and delivery is done for you by the leading marketing companies.
Advanced Marketing & Sales Training
You might be good with people, you might even be a successful salesperson, but product-specific training and marketing & sales hacks, can help you quickly sign-up clients and grow your client-base.
Umbrella works with the brand’s top sellers and industry marketing experts, to provide the most effective training to help our clients make sales and scale- fast!
High Margins
Umbrella powers thousands of Marketing Agencies, and is thus able to secure the best wholesale prices from leading marketing technology and service brands.
Special pricing allows you to run your business on a 2x markup (50% margins), and still be competitive in the market.
This means you need less clients to reach the same bottom-line results.
Become a Brand Certified Partner
Enjoy the benefit of being a Certified Partner of top brands in the industry. Instant branding.
-
Use brand's case studies as your own
-
Use brand's success stats as your own
-
Use brand's size and reputation to turn skeptical prospects into trusting clients.
Ongoing Support
Umbrella's success team helps you with product related issues, operations, marketing questions, and even sales guidance.
Ongoing support of your sales and operations is critical to growing your business.
Umbrella's 5 STAR support team is 100% committed to your success.
*Read more reviews in our Testimonials & Reviews section.
Starting out
Are you a sales rep looking to go solo? Perhaps a corporate manager by day, marketing maven by night? Or maybe you're just looking to start a sustainable business in a growing industry?
What's common for all our "newbies" is that they are all looking for a partner to provide them with the product, fulfillment and marketing backing, while they focus on growing their business.
Have a question? Contact us today
You have a client base and you're looking for ways to:
Growing
-
Provide more value to your clients with additional solutions.
-
Have new, enticing solutions to attract new clientele.
-
Do all of the above without fulfilling, dealing with technical aspects or learning a new trade.
All while still making the same (or better) margins than you are making today!
Look no further! Contact us today
Partner with Us
What Members Say
WHAT MEMBERS SAY
“My background is 35+ years in the International Shipping & Logistics industry.
For the past 9 years I have been working with Local Business Owners to help them grow their business. I use Umbrella to expand my marketing business by offering more solutions to my clients. I love their turnkey solutions and how effective and quick the support desk works.”
- Gisela Beckermann, CEO, Repdrone.com
San Francisco, CA, USA
Contact Us
Become a member