Education for Life
Experience of a Lifetime
Count the ways
Chartered by the Republic of Texas, UMHB was established to provide the finest in Christian higher education. And for 174 years, our focus on that mission has never wavered.
Featured Program
Sociology
Explore how to scientifically research social life and delve into the major theoretical traditions of social theory.Learn More
Adrian Alvarado
Student
During my time at UMHB, I have gained more than a higher level of education. I’ve been equipped with a new perspective on my life, faith, and future. Through various opportunities to serve those around me, a new mindset toward action out of love has formed.
Adrian Alvarado
Student
News & EventsView All
Upcoming EventsView All
Homecoming 2019October 23, 2019
The University of Mary Hardin-Baylor will be celebrating Homecoming Friday, October 25, through Saturday, October 26. Homecoming events offer opportunities for alumni to connect with one another and...Read More »
TOUCHDOWNS 2019October 14, 2019
On Saturday, October 12, the University of Mary Hardin-Baylor Athletic Department hosted its third annual TOUCHDOWNS event in conjunction with Down Syndrome Awareness Month. At least 80 families...Read More »
Event Marks Opening of Soccer and Tennis Field HouseOctober 12, 2019
On Saturday, October 12, the University of Mary Hardin-Baylor marked the completion of its new Soccer and Tennis Field House. The facility was open to the public from...Read More »
UMHB Responds to NCAA Committee on Infractions Public ReportOctober 10, 2019
Today the NCAA published the public report from its Committee on Infractions (COI) regarding the University of Mary Hardin-Baylor’s self-report of violations in its football program. UMHB learned of...Read More »
UMHB Hosts Texas Guitar ConferenceOctober 4, 2019
The University of Mary Hardin-Baylor Department of Music will host the 6th Annual Texas Guitar Conference Friday, November 15, and Saturday, November 16, on the UMHB campus. This conference...Read More »
Art Exhibit to Feature Four Texas Women PrintmakersSeptember 25, 2019
The University of Mary Hardin-Baylor Art Department and the College of Visual and Performing Arts are proud to present the exhibition Four Texas Women Printmakers September 30 through...Read More »