✨ We have big news! Unmetric is now part of the Falcon.io and Cision family. Read more
Large brands and agencies like yours need more than audience listening insights. Unmetric’s 7 years of historical data on everything brands have posted on social media helps people like you.
If your social media team is scratching its head on how to get more engagement on your branded content, then download this free guide to boosting your engagement today.
There can be a lot of guessing with social. By analyzing your competitors & brand leaders you’ll get more certainty with your social strategy—instead of building it on hope alone. Unmetric Analyze gives you the data that helps you figure out what to create and who to create it for.Learn more about Analyze
“Unmetric’s insights allow us to consistently create slam-dunk content, tailored for our specific audiences.
Generating ideas can be a challenge. Unmetric shows you what other brands are doing and the level of audience engagement. You can also discover any gaps in content, so you can move ahead of your competitors.Learn more about Discover
“Discover gives me a quick line of sight to brand-relevant topic and content that are trending and those that performed well historically. This isn't available to me through any other tool or service.
You can’t outpace your competitors or learn from brand leaders if you don’t know what they’re doing and when they’re doing it. Track keeps you on top of what brands are posting. Instantly. But it doesn’t stop there. With Unmetric you can also track how those posts are performing – for better insights into your own campaigns.Learn more about Track
“Unmetric Track is the perfect app to quickly visualize competitors’ content and campaigns. It’s essentially a newsfeed with Unmetric’s competitive intelligence capabilities.
You can pipe social metrics from over 100,000 brands directly to your own dashboard. And with Xia, our AI, you can access enhanced data right at your desk—whether the data is from 7 days, 7 months, or 7 years ago.Learn more about API
“Unmetric’s insights allow us to consistently create slam-dunk content, tailored for our specific audiences.
Xia is Unmetric’s Artificial Intelligence. Xia is constantly learning by consuming trillions of data points. It can indicate if a competing brand is promoting or boosting their content — which helps you understand why you may not be matching or exceeding their engagement levels. And with Xia always working away in the background, you’ll also avoid missing out on unusual or important developments from other brands. With this kind of valuable information and insights you can now make decisions that help you outpace your competitors and learn from brand leaders.