Welcome to Unsigned Only
WHAT IS UNSIGNED ONLY?
If you are an unsigned artist and think you have what it takes to land a record deal, then you should enter the Unsigned Only Music Competition. Since Unsigned Only launched seven years ago, five Grand Prize winners have been signed to record deals, making Unsigned Only a leading source for transitioning new talent into major label record deals. However, getting a record deal isn't the only success Unsigned Only artists have achieved. Many winners have also secured licensing deals, publishing deals, better gigs, and more recognition after winning the competition. This could be your chance!
Unsigned Only is designed for solo artists, bands, and singers all over the world who are looking for exposure, recognition, and a chance to be noticed by industry professionals. The goal of Unsigned Only is to find an outstanding, talented performer: a band, singer, or solo artist...a newcomer or veteran...raw or polished - the “gem” that needs to be discovered.
Conceived of and produced by the team who bring you the prestigious International Songwriting Competition (ISC), Unsigned Only is a fresh and novel approach to other music competitions. Yes, it offers great prizes, recognition, exposure, and the chance to be heard by a group of judges consisting of high-profile recording artists and industry professionals. But, Unsigned Only also takes it a step further and puts the Grand Prize winner in direct, personal contact with the influential record label executives who are the ultimate decision-makers. For the first time ever, a music competition offers the Grand Prize winner the unprecedented opportunity to be mentored by a group of record company presidents, A&R reps, and more. This is a once-in-a-lifetime chance to directly network with the top echelon of record company professionals and get guidance, advice, feedback, and networking opportunities.
Unsigned Only offers many categories/genres for you to enter, including Screen Shot which is geared toward getting your music into film, tv, video games, and other licensing opportunities. You can enter as many songs as you like in as many categories as you like. Since Unsigned Only is looking for an artist, it is advantageous to enter multiple songs so that the listening committee can know who you are as an artist.
The Grand Prize Winner will be awarded $20,000 (US) in cash (plus additional prizes) and one-on-one mentoring by an elite group of record company executives. First Place and Second Place winners will also be selected in each category and will be awarded prizes. The First Place winner in the Screen Shot category will also be mentored by a group of music execs who place songs in film, tv, ads, and video games. All prizes are listed on the Prize page. Winners for the 2019 competition will be announced by early September 2019.
The complete list of categories includes:
NOTE: Unsigned Only accepts original and cover songs in all categories, except for the Screen Shot category which accepts original songs only. Entries in the Vocal Performance category will be based solely on the quality of the vocals. Unsigned Only accepts all genres of music in the Teen, Vocal Performance, and Screen Shot categories.
UO 2020 NOW ACCEPTING ENTRIES FOR THE REGULAR DEADLINE
© 2019 Unsigned Only, Inc. All rights reserved. No part of the contents of this website may be reproduced without written permission. Site design by Melodic Virtue.:)