Welcome Rich Page Visitors!
Get 10% off your first 5 user tests with this exclusive offer from Rich Page: Website Optimizer. Use this discount code at checkout: 10FROMRICH
It’s quick and easy to get high-impact visitor feedback. Start here.
Userfeel is a usability testing tool that gives you videos of real users speaking their thoughts as they use your website or app.
Userfeel was designed and developed by Usability Researchers for Usability Researchers but also for newcomers to UX Research and anyone who wants to optimize their website or app.
Test any site in any language. Our panel consists of more than 70,000 testers speaking 40 languages. You can even have testers provide comments in your language while testing a website that is in a language you don't understand.SEE MORE
Test on desktop, mobile, or tablet. Testing with both our app and an external camera allows us to test websites or applications on Android, iPhone, or iPad.SEE MORE
Get your results in less than 24 hours. Use our vast network of testers throughout the world. See how real users interact with your website or app early on in your design/decision-making process and anytime you need to get the user's point of view.
We made it easy to export results, create reports and share them with your team. Metrics like SUS (System Usability Scale), time on task, ratings and their averages are calculated automatically. You can export all data and create reports quickly and easily, so you have more time to generate insights and propose solutions.
You can organize your projects neatly into projects, and add as many team members to each project as you need.
Each team member can add annotations to videos and categorize issues based on their type (usability issue, bug, general observation, or user comment).
The best way to present the results of your usability studies to your team and get team buy-in is to create a highlights video showing the most critical issues.
Userfeel helps you create this video in minutes rather than hours. The video can be downloaded locally or uploaded to your YouTube account as unlisted, ready to share.
Heatmaps are an excellent way to see where users click and what attracts their attention. Userfeel, on the other hand, shows you WHY they get attracted, WHAT they expect when they click, and what confuses them. Thus, Userfeel helps you ensure that users perceive your message as it was intended. Additionally, Userfeel reveals not only perception problems, but real usability ones as well.
Userfeel allows you to find real users' problems and develop informed hypotheses in order to run more focused and targeted A/B tests.
Userfeel is great! It allows us to get quick and helpful feedback on new concepts. It's easy to use and the support is great.
We all know websites like Usertesting. Great, but I don't need/want a subscription service and I'm not "enterprise".
I recently ordered some website-testing (for remote users and my own native testers) from the guys of www.userfeel.com. A small crew of designers/developers in Greece. They really take the time to help and offer a great service. No need for subscriptions ;-) I was really surprised by the level of support and felt like sharing!
Overall, setting up a test on your platform was as-easy or easier than the competitors. Creating rating scale questions was super awesome; having templated labels for the scale was very helpful.
Your keyboard shortcuts were excellent and easy to use. I particularly found the combination of spacebar, a, and shift+left-arrow helpful in placing annotations. I also used shift+up/down arrow for speed control. Keeping my hands on the keyboard while reviewing and annotating videos is crucial. Anything that makes me use the mouse during that process feels inefficient and slow.
Wanted to send you a quick note that I think the analysis functionality is really nice and easy to use :)
I really like your task builder and how it makes it very obvious for the tester what do to. Good job! I am pretty much blown away right now!
Your platform seems to have been a great experience for all. I greatly thank you for the personal attention and look forward to using UserFeel again soon!
I've worked with a lot of different user testing websites but userfeel.com is my number one choice. The interface is really easy to work with and I really appreciate being able to conduct the tests in any language. The customer service with userfeel.com is also excellent. Any time I've got a question or concern, they're super fast and helpful.
Userfeel met my need for a simple user testing application on reasonable pricing without subscriptions or expensive packages. The team was great and responded quickly to all of my questions and requests. The quality of the testers recruited by Userfeel was also very good and exactly what I was looking for. I will definitely use Userfeel again!
Get 10% off your first 5 user tests with this exclusive offer from Rich Page: Website Optimizer. Use this discount code at checkout: 10FROMRICH
It’s quick and easy to get high-impact visitor feedback. Start here.
Get 20% off your first 5 user tests with this exclusive offer from The Mobile Company. Use this discount code at checkout: 20FROMTMC
It’s quick and easy to get high-impact visitor feedback. Start here.