USG - News, Reviews and Guides for Switch, Playstation 4, Xbox One and more!
What's Your Favorite In-Game Costume?
COMMUNITY QUESTION | Happy Halloween! Let's talk video game costumes and skins.
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare's Campaign is a Half-Step Toward Greatness
How Modern Warfare falls back on old habits, even with its compelling new direction.
What to Read, Play, and Watch Before Playing The Outer Worlds
Leonard Boyarsky and Tim Cain share the syllabus for their new RPG.
Meet the Sonic the Hedgehog Comic Writer Who Helped Write Indivisible
We talk to veteran comic writer Ian Flynn about his role in bringing Indivisible's characters to life.
Crafty Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Player Eliminates Entire Army with a Cinderblock
It's a brick—dunununuh—house.
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare's Biggest Day One Problems Seem to be Lighting and Map Size
Players are enjoying the game, but not the brisk jog to get to it.
Bethesda Responds to Fallout 76's Scrapbox Bug, Private Server Issues, and Other Subscription Problems
Bethesda acknowledges that Fallout 1st launched with a major bug, but denies that private worlds are being reused.
Panzer Dragoon: Remake Will Fly High on Switch and PC Come Winter
To me, that's preposterous. Panzer Dragoon, things of that nature.
Payday 2 Resumes Development, Scraps Forever-Free DLC Amid Starbreeze Woes
"To get it out of the door immediately; yes, I know we’re breaking a promise."
Monster Hunter World: Iceborne Finally Gets a PC Release Date
Good news for PC players: Capcom is holding to its promised release window.
Street Fighter 4 Producer Yoshinori Ono Once Considered Making It Turn-Based
The higher-ups were initially "99.9 percent" against what became Street Fighter's revival.
Some GameStops Are Letting You Pick Up Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Early
After 6 p.m. PT, you might be able to go home with Modern Warfare in-hand.
Four Months Later, Auto Chess' Successors Are Rewriting the Genre
Teamfight Tactics and Dota Underlords are trying to ensure auto chess isn't a flash in the pan.
Shenmue 3 Can't Help Betraying the Spirit of the Original Game
Where once the series sat at the bleeding edge of game design, Shenmue 3 is more content to look backward.
Do Delays Reduce Game Developer Stress, or Simply Extend It?
THIS WEEK IN BUSINESS | With The Last of Us Part 2 and Watch Dogs: Legion slipping, the first quarter of 2020 suddenly looks a lot lighter for game releases.
The Outer Worlds' Biggest Surprise Is Something It Doesn't Have Much Of
After a long history of buggy games, Obsidian delivers a game with relatively few bugs.
How Crusader Kings 2 Turned Paradox Into a Powerhouse
With Crusader Kings 3 on the horizon, we look back on Crusader Kings 2's surprising success with key developers from Paradox.
Sirfetch'd Loves Britain's Big Leeks: 7 Cool Facts We Learned From Today's Pokemon Sword and Shield Interviews
You'd be surprised what a Pokemon game can teach you about vegetables.
All The Dumb Ways I Died Or Almost Died in Disco Elysium
Big failed check energy.
Fallout 76 Just Threw Out Months of Goodwill in a Single Day
With the announcement of a subscription service, Fallout 76 tosses a fire bomb at its community.
Starting Screen is our weekly column featuring news, commentary, and music to help you get over your case of the Mondays.View Starting Screen archive
Starting Screen | Starting Screen: Please Stop Putting Big Spiders In Video Games
I'm tired of it, and I don't have a good reason for it!
Starting Screen | Blizzard's Troubled 2019 Finds the Once Invincible Studio at a Crossroads
This past year has found Blizzard embroiled in one controversy after another. What does it say about its future?
Starting Screen | A Great Port Is Always Worth the Wait
Whatever time it takes to make a game feel just right on a new system is well-spent.
Popular Games
MediEvil Review: Sometimes Dead is Better
MediEvil is revived for our modern era, but we question if it should've been.
The Outer Worlds Review: To Boldly Go Where Mega-Corps Have Gone Before
Seek out new life and new civilizations, and then steal stuff from them.
Disco Elysium Review: The Voices in Your Head Are Real, and They'll Get You in Trouble
This unique RPG highlights everything that goes on inside our heads.
Little Town Hero Review: I Can't Be Your Hero Baby
Game Freak's bite-sized RPG carries a lot of charm, but also a lot of frustration and boredom.
Trails of Cold Steel 3 Review: Christ, Who's Gonna Die First?
The Trails saga still shines like polished steel.
Concrete Genie Review: A Wonderful World of Color Comes With Caveats
Pixelopus' tale of childhood is certainly easy on the eyes.
Destiny 2: Shadowkeep Review: Moon's Haunted and So Is My Playtime
The lack of new loot and a so-so campaign weighs down an otherwise solid expansion for Destiny 2.
John Wick Hex Review: Excommunicado
An amazing action series yields a one-dimensional tactics game.
Podcast
Axe of the Blood God Reviews Three Big RPGs for October
Kat and Nadia are joined by Mike and Caty to talk about Trails of Cold Steel 3, Disco Elysium, Little Town Hero, and more.Listen now
How to Play The Outer Worlds For $5, And Get a Chalupa in the Process
For the price of a chalupa combo (yes, really), you can get some time with Xbox Game Pass.
Obsidian Developer Says Studio Can Focus on Games, Not Pitches, After Microsoft Buyout
Designer Brian Hines says Microsoft wants Obsidian to keep doing what's been working.
Microsoft Is Giving Updates on xCloud, X019, and Lots of Games on Tomorrow's Inside Xbox
We'll be seeing The Outer Worlds, Ghost Recon Breakpoint, and more games slated for release between now and X019.
The Axe of the Blood God Fall 2019 RPG Preview
From Pokemon to the Outer Worlds, Kat and Nadia talk about the big RPGs coming out this holiday season.
The ESA Leak Puts the Future of E3 In Question
Things are about to get pretty rough for the industry's number-one trade show.
The Outer Worlds Hands-On: You Should Tap the Brakes Slightly on the Hype for Obsidian's Space RPG, But Not for the Reasons You Think
We try the new space RPG by the creators of Fallout for the first time.
Obsidian Talks About Ways to be Really Evil in The Outer Worlds
How bad can you get? Pretty bad, it seems.
Obsidian's The Outer Worlds Is Coming to Switch, Following Other Platforms
All those worlds, somehow crammed into one Switch cartridge.
Paradox Answers 12 Major Questions About Crusader Kings 3
We chat with Director Henrik Fåhreus about Crusader Kings 3's biggest changes.
The Glory and Carnage of Rocket League's Underground Fight Club
The unofficial league where pros and unknowns alike battle head-to-head for honor and viewer cash pools.
The Boomers Have Discovered Ring Fit Adventure, and Invented Some Incredible New Game Systems in the Process
Forget Ring Fit Adventure, give me the Nintendo Vita.
Monster of the Week: How Amnesia: The Dark Descent's Water Lurker Became the Scariest Nautical Nightmare Since Jaws
Co-designer Thomas Grip on sculpting Amnesia's scariest monster, which happens to also be the only one you never see.
Blizzard's Very Bad October Just Keeps Getting Worse
THIS WEEK IN BUSINESS | Blizzard's ban on Hearthstone player Blitzchung catches the ire of Republicans and Democrats alike.
Baldur's Gate's Complex Interface Translates Surprisingly Well to Switch
Beamdog's Infinity Engine collections find great ways to bring those games to consoles.
How a Rookie Speedrunner Revitalized Dragon Age: Inquisition by Beating It in Under 30 Minutes
One discovery changed the run entirely, and revitalized the scene along with it.
Luigi's Mansion 3 References One of the Best Horror Films of All Time
Crazy things can happen when your back is turned.
Command & Conquer Remasters Will Let You Rapidly Swap Resolutions At The Push of a Button
Go retro or modern with a single keystroke.
DJ Jazzy Jeff Was Reportedly Surprised to Find Out He Was in NBA Jam
The Fresh Prince collaborator was dazzled by his in-game cameo.
Interview: We Ask Atari's CEO About Lingering Questions Surrounding Its Retro Linux Box
The VCS is more like an "open PC," but recent controversies and delays paint a grim picture. We ask Atari's head where it's headed.
Are There Romance Options in The Outer Worlds?
Does Obsidian's The Outer Worlds have romance options available?
The Outer Worlds Companions - Where to Find and Unlock All Companion Characters
This is our guide on all the Companions in The Outer Worlds, including how to find and unlock each one.
The Outer Worlds Zoe - How to Find and Bring Zoe Back
Here's where to find Zoe in The Outer Worlds, and how to bring her back to town.
The Outer Worlds Shrink Ray Gun - Where to Find the Special Shrink Ray Weapon
Here's how you can get the special Shrink Ray gun in The Outer Worlds.
The Outer World Canid's Cradle Choice - Should You Give the Targeting Module to Graham or Sanjar?
This is our guide to the Canid's Cradle quest choice in The Outer Worlds. Should you give the Targeting Module to Sanjar or Graham?
The Outer Worlds Best Perks - Which Perks Should You Get First?
Here's our list of unlocking the best Perks in The Outer Worlds.
The Outer Worlds Respec - How to Respec Your Character Skills
Here's how to respec your character skills in The Outer Worlds.
The Outer Worlds Power Plant Decision - Should You Divert Power to Edgewater or the Botanical Labs?
Here's our guide on the Power Plant decision in The Outer Worlds. Should you divert power to Edgewater, or the Botanical Labs?