Study Smarter for the USMLE
Top-quality questions, videos and flashcards. With First Aid® integration. Designed to help you learn more and ace the boards.
Stringing disconnected study tools together is an inefficient way to get the score you want.
That’s why the First Aid team created USMLE-Rx. Because when all your tools talk to each other, every minute you spend studying becomes much more high yield.
The best investment ever!America Revere med school vlogger
Quickly find the content you’re studying in every other app.
With USMLE-Rx, each flashcard, video, and Qbank question points you to the exact place you can find the information in First Aid—as well as the rest of the tools—so you can focus on a single topic more easily.
Monitor your progress in one place.
No more wasted time trying to remember where you left off. USMLE-Rx allows you to keep track of everywhere you’ve been—in the same dashboard.
Explore our USMLE product suite
Browse individual modules:
Build your foundation of medical knowledge
Rx Bricks: The Innovative Modular Learning System
Learn the foundations of medicine faster and easier using short, high-yield, interactive lessons called "bricks"—so you can thrive in medical school and become a successful doctor tomorrow. Fully integrated with other USMLE-Rx tools and First Aid.
Learn more about Rx Bricks
Use any tool. Any time, anywhere. With one simple app.
Turn a long wait at a restaurant, a 30-minute car ride, or idle time before an appointment into high-yield study time. Without having to switch between apps. Our easy-to-use app lets you take tests, review flashcards, or watch videos—any time, anywhere.
Why have tens of thousands of students trusted USMLE-Rx to help them master med school and ace their exams? Because USMLE-Rx works.
See what students just like you are saying after using these study tools to prepare for the boards and their classes:
I love the diverse questions and explanations. It’s an amazing resource that provides a great question bank, videos and flash cards.
Ready to Try USMLE-Rx for Yourself ... for Free?
You can have full access to these tools for 5 full days—without paying a dime. Why? Because we know if you just experience the power of these integrated study tools, you’ll understand why so many students have successfully used them to score 250+ on the boards. But you’ll never know if you don’t try it … completely free. What do you have to lose?