Bet in the comfort of you home or on the go with bet ★ usracing's mobile betting. Whether you want to bet on horses or sports, you can bet easily with your mobile phone.
Waiting at the bar for your friends to arrive? How about playing a few hands of blackjack or roulette! bet ★ usracing - super easy and super fun.SEE THE LIVE ODDS
Every day when you log into your account you account you will find an 8% or 5% rebate on your of your exotic wagers and a 3% rebate on Win, Place and Show in your account from yesterday's bets!
You can only win with bet ★ usracing!Learn More About Rebates
For your first deposit with bet ★ usracing, you'll get an additional 10% cash bonus added to your account, absolutely free. No Limits!
Deposit a minimum of $100 and you can qualify to earn an additional $150! It doesn't get any better. Join today.CLAIM YOUR BONUS
Take all the races with you! All tracks are available on phone or tablet at the track, at home, everywhere.
Are you out at the bar with your friends? Bet on the game any time, anywhere. Or, while waiting for your friends to arrive, how about playing a few hands of blackjack or roulette!
bet ★ usracing - super easy and super fun.See Your Mobile Betting Options
US Racing's Authors and Handicappers will make you a better player. Get the latest news, odds, race reports and betting advice from our experienced group of horse racing writers.Read the Latest
US Racing is not a racebook or ADW, and does not accept or place wagers of any type. This website does not endorse or encourage illegal gambling. All information provided by this website is for entertainment purposes only. This website assumes no responsibility for the actions by and makes no representation or endorsement of any activities offered by any reviewed racebook or ADW. Please confirm the wagering regulations in your jurisdiction as they vary from state to state, province to province and country to country. Any use of this information in violation of federal, state, provincial or local laws is strictly prohibited.
Copyright 2019 US Racing, All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Disclaimer | Responsible Gambling | Preakness Stakes Betting | Belmont Stakes Betting | Kentucky Derby Betting