Universities Space Research Association
Stunning Discovery of Colliding Neutron Stars
USRA was a key collaborator in the new gravitational wave discovery—the first detection by multiple space and ground-based observatories.
Stratospheric Observatory for Infrared Astronomy (SOFIA)
HERTS Project
Exploring the sun's atmosphere
To explore the sun’s atmosphere, NASA’s Parker Solar Probe will travel closer to the sun than any other spacecraft. It will have to survive extreme environments that can affect its electronics and materials.
GRAIL Observations Reveal Structure of Lunar Impact Basins
Results from NASA’s Gravity Recovery and Interior Laboratory mission is providing insights into the huge impacts that dominated the early history of Earth’s moon and….
Lunar and Planetary Institute (LPI)
Operation IceBridge
Operation IceBridge is an ongoing airborne mission to assess the state of the Arctic and Antarctic ice sheets. USRA contributes in the operation of Digital Mapping System cameras and precision alitutude reference systems.
Airborne Test of Instrument to Monitor World’s Ecosystems
USRA operates Ames Airborne Sensor Facility to support NASA with sensor development, data collection, instrument engineering services and remote sensing instruments.
Quantum Computer Advances with Each Generation Processor
USRA operates a Quantum Artificial Intelligence Lab with NASA and Google resulting in research papers by USRA, NASA, Google and the University community.
Research Institute for Advanced Computer Science
Helping Pilots “See” Through the Storm
Visual cues that help pilots see during takeoff and landing are challenged during stormy or dusty conditions. USRA is developing technology that helps pilots see through storms.
Flight Hardware Development & Instrumentation
USRA scientists play key roles in the development for orbital and sub-orbital missions, deep space systems, and aircraft and high altitude platforms to support research.
Cool Flames in Space
USRA and its team completed the Multi-User Droplet Apparatus culminating in development of the Combustion Integrated Rack onboard the ISS for the Cool Flames Experiment.
Fluid Physics and Complex Fluids
The Advanced Colloids Experiment with Temperature Control (ACE-TI) using the Fluids and Combustion Facility (FCF) onboard the International Space Station was successfully completed.
Electricity and Heat for Planetary Exploration
USRA teams worked on a Radioisotope Thermoelectric Generator, an enabling technology for many planetary missions, that keeps electronic circuits and mechanical joints functional.
Cryogenic Fluid Management in Space
USRA and its collaborators supported the development of reliable cryogenic fluid storage for use in propellant or life support systems necessary in space and planetary expeditions.
Quantum Computer Advances with Each Generation Processor
USRA operates a Quantum Artificial Intelligence Lab with NASA and Google resulting in research papers by USRA, NASA, Google and the University community.
Stratospheric Observatory for Infrared Astronomy (SOFIA)
STEM Education Activities
Throughout the past five decades, USRA has offered innovative learning opportunities for students, educators and the general public.
University Engagement
USRA institutes and programs engage the university community in various ways–from research collaborations to advocacy on issues important to university space-related research.