Dr. Scott Burrus, an experienced educational leader with over 20 years of administrative experience has been named Provost. During the…October 18, 2019
The Project Management Institute (PMI) has recognized United States University as a Registered Education Provider (REP). Four Project Management courses,…October 18, 2019
Dr. Darlene Desbrow recently had an article accepted for publication by the Journal of the American Academy of Special Education…July 25, 2019
I was highly satisfied with the program because it suited my financial, educational, and time-line needs in a professional manner.
I was satisfied because I feel that the courses were appropriate and challenging at the same time. The course material was challenging at times but made me think critically about many aspects in teaching. The professors were always willing to help and go the extra mile to help me fully comprehend the material. There was rarely a time when I felt lost or alone during my credential journey.
The admission counselor I spoke with answered all my questions about USU and I knew it was the right school for me. My reasons for choosing USU was that the course what mostly done online, which was the main feature I wanted in the program I choose because it allowed me to continue working while completing the credential program. Also, the low cost of tuition, small class sizes, immediate feedback from instructors and administration, the flexibility of how I could complete the program requirements convinced me to start and stay with USU throughout the credentialing process.
The flexibility of the program. I wanted to be able to keep my job with the San Diego Youth Symphony while getting my credential, something that would not have been possible with other options in the area. When I was already enrolled in the program I received an offer for a full time job in a different city, and because of the flexibility of the program and professors I was able to move to a new city and still meet my expectations for classes.
After speaking to different recruiters and administrators, I felt that USU’s philosophy of education was in-line with mine. Unlike other universities, United States University allowed me to continue to work while going to school and the program costs were closer to that of state schools than other online universities.
The opportunity was too good to pass up, being that most of the program is done online, I was able to work my schedule around the classes.