Search Programs We offer 50 undergraduate and 22 graduate degrees with 3 advanced degrees. View Programs Take a Virtual Tour Experience UW-Stout through our online virtual tour with videos and slideshows of locations across campus. Take Tour Discover Our Difference As Wisconsin’s Polytechnic, we will make you career-ready through combine applied learning and a liberal arts education. Learn More Find Your Major! Explore Your Options at UW-Stout Art, Design & Graphics Art, Design & Graphics Our art, design and graphics graduates are in high demand. View Cluster Business & Management Business & Management Prepare to provide the professional leadership to make businesses run. View Cluster Education Education Become an educator in a variety of specialized disciplines that will be in high demand for decades to come. View Cluster Human & Social Sciences Human & Social Sciences We train professionals to understand people, address social issues, and meet individual needs. View Cluster Information Technology & Communications Information Technology & Communications Information technology and communications professionals are in a growing and ever-changing field. View Cluster Science, Engineering & Math Science, Engineering & Math We offer a wide array of STEM majors that apply research and innovation to the pressing problems facing society today. View Cluster 98.7% Employed or Continuing Education 19:1 Student to Faculty Ratio 3x More Labs & Studios Than Classrooms Have you worked hard in high school? Blue Devil Guarantee Scholarships Eligible new freshman will automatically receive one of the Blue Devil Guarantee scholarships when they attend Stout. Learn More UW-Stout Highlights News Center North Hall, Price Commons grand reopening planned Oct. 25 University of Wisconsin-Stout is ready to celebrate the renovation of two major buildings. October 21, 2019 Continue Reading University Foundation awards more than $800,000 in scholarships Stout University Foundation awarded $812,000 in scholarships to 418 students at a Sept. 12 reception and program at the Memorial Student Center. October 14, 2019 Alumni business owners bring university ‘vibe’ to downtown Walking in downtown Menomonie is almost like attending a UW-Stout alumni event. October 7, 2019 Homecoming lineup Oct. 5 includes four main campus events Four main events will be the highlight of University of Wisconsin-Stout’s annual homecoming celebration Saturday, Oct. 5. October 1, 2019 Graduate, Online Degrees & Continuing Education Go Further Advance your career by pursuing online professional development, degree completion, graduate degree or certificates. Graduate Degrees Online Degrees UW-Stout Events Academic Calendar October 25 Fall Family Weekend October 25 Campus Preview Day October 25 Transfer Day October 28 Registration for Spring 2020 Begins (Undergraduate Students) October 29 Last Day to Add 2nd Quarter Classes and Choose CR/NC grade option October 29 Last Day to Drop 2nd Quarter classes without mark of "W" Calendar Life@Stout We Are Stout Proud Finding a school that has your degree is one thing - picturing yourself there is another. See why we are Stout Proud! Learn More Students & Families Information and links to finances, academics and campus services. Start Here Alumni & Foundation Information on alumni events, scholarships and ways to give. Find it Here Community & Visitors Information about campus events, visits and community partnerships. Learn More Faculty & Staff Find information on human resources, academics, governance and committees. Start Here Industry & Business Let us help you plan an exceptional event, develop your product or grow your business. Find It Here Careers & Jobs Staff, faculty and students will find meaningful work on our campus. Learn More