Jump to navigation
About
Sign In or Register
✉
Living in Information, Responsible Design for Digital Places
Chapter 6 of the book by Jorge Arango
Chapter 3 from the book by Kevin M. Hoffman
Meeting Design for Managers, Makers, and Everyone
Computer as Partner: A Synergistic Approach to Interaction Design
An article by Rob Keefer & Lisa J Douglas
Creating a Chatbot: A UX Designer’s Firsthand Experience
An article by Scott Milburn
Designing Data Environments
An article by Nour Diab Yunes
Recent Articles
Article No. 1698 | August 14, 2018
Living in Information, Responsible Design for Digital Places: a Book Excerpt
by
Ch. 6 talks Architecture - a design discipline focused on structuring our physical environments while information architecture does the same for information environments.
Article No. 1697 | May 24, 2018
Orchestrating Experiences
by
An excerpt from Chapter 6: Defining Experience Principles
Article No. 1696 | March 21, 2018
Meeting Design for Managers, Makers and Everyone: A Book Excerpt
by
Chapter 3 "Build Agendas Out of Ideas, People, and Time" dives into the intricacies of planning and executing a successful and productive meeting.
More Articles >>
Article No. 1695 | December 14, 2017
Participatory Design in Practice
by
Participatory Design: what it is, what it isn't and how it actually works
The Toy Awakens: The UX of Sphero, Star Wars and BB-8
Read more
Designing Big Data for Humans (with a Little Help from Hollywood)
Read more
POP UX! LEGO Teaches us About the Power of Near-Perfect User Experience
Read more
More POP UX >>
Browse Topics
Accessibility
Tobii EyeMobile Takes Eye Tracking Technology to New Heights
ONE Robot: Designed by the autistic community for autistic users
Designing for Everyone
Data visualization
Poetry in Motion
Jesse James Garrett and Ken Jennings Talk Maps and Design
The Psychology Behind Information Dashboards
Emotion
Provocation Can Lead to Emotional Design
Designing with Emotion Means Being Brave
Stop Sprinkling Emotion, Start Creating Magic and Meaning
Empathy
Apply Empathy Within Your Organization
What is Empathy?
To Dwell Is To Garden
Personas
Revisiting Proto-Personas for Executive Alignment
Persona Grata
Personas: The Foundation of a Great User Experience
Storytelling
The Flâneur Approach to User Experience Design
Owning Your Story
Why We Need Storytellers at the Heart of Product Development
Popular articles on UX
The Psychologist’s View of UX Design
by
Psychologist and cognitive scientist Dr. Susan Weinschenk explains how her science informs UX design.
The Future of Information Dashboards
by
Five things that will change the way we experience data using information dashboards.
The Experience Tells The Story
by
An original don of advertising, David Ogilvy's 11 principles for creating great campaigns still ring true today.
A Look at Flat Design and Why It's Significant
by
By eschewing the design limitations of skeuomorphism and embracing the limitations of digital experiences, flat design has the potential to create great UX.
The Psychology Behind Information Dashboards
by
Information dashboards give users the control over our environments that we crave on a psychological level.
Bringing Relevant Content into your Designs
by
How to improve your end user experience by bringing real data and relevant content into your static designs and prototypes.
close