Things To Do, Hotels, & Vacation Packages
Booking a vacation has never been more convenient than with Vacations Made Easy. As your one-stop vacation planner, VME has everything you need to book an unforgettable getaway. From attractions and tours to lodging and even customizable vacation packages, you are sure to find exactly what you desire for your trip of a lifetime! If you aren't sure where to go, check out our most popular destinations:
Nashville TN
Nashville, TN is the capital of the state as well as the capital of country music. Affectionately nicknamed ‘Music City', Nashville is where many of the most legendary performers got their start.
Things to Do in Nashville, TN
There are many amazing activities to enjoy in Nashville, TN. For country music lovers, there truly is nothing better than witnessing a show at the legendary Grand Ole Opry. Take a fun cruise and dine on a mouthwatering meal on the General Jackson Showboat Dinner Cruise and browse through some of the most notable artifacts from country music's finest at the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum.
Lodging in Nashville, TN
A trip wouldn't be complete without lodging. Choose the features and amenities that matter the most to you and your family during your getaway in Nashville. There are many different options, from the luxury offered at the Gaylord Opryland Hotel to the more budget-friendly and comfortable La Quinta Inn & Suites North Nashville. Whether you want to stay downtown or enjoy a dip in the pool, there is a hotel to accommodate.
Vacation Packages in Nashville, TN
Of course, you can combine all of these awesome attractions and lodging options together to form your very own unique getaway. Or, book one of our carefully-curated options such as the Country Music Fan Vacation Package or the Nashville Romantic Getaway Package. These custom packages include some of the best activities offered in the city as well as lodging at your choice of hotels in the area.
Myrtle Beach SC
If coastal views and oceanic adventures are up your alley, then Myrtle Beach, SC is the place for you! This city is known for its stunning beaches and adventures that offer up unique opportunities to create the most unforgettable memories.
Things to Do in Myrtle Beach SC
There is a plethora of awesome things to do in Myrtle Beach! Set out on the sparkling waters to look for dolphins on the Myrtle Beach Dolphin Sightseeing Cruises before returning to the city to visit Ripley’s Aquarium or see the Pirates Voyage Dinner & Show. The Legends in Concert show is sure to be a blast as well! No matter what sort of adventures you are looking to have, there is something for everyone.
Lodging in Myrtle Beach, SC
A wide variety of accommodations also awaits you. From the convenient and homely Comfort Suites - Myrtle Beach to the Best Western Grand Strand Inn & Suites which gets you close to all the great Broadway on the Beach shows, there is a hotel for every vacation. Choose your favorite amenities and more to ensure you have a relaxing adventure.
Vacation Packages in Myrtle Beach, SC
You can also create a totally customized vacation experience in Myrtle Beach, SC. Choose your favorite activities and hotel options to create a trip tailored to your needs. You can also browse the many pre-made vacation packages available such as the Myrtle Beach Family Vacation and the Best of Myrtle Beach Shows Package.
Pigeon Forge & Gatlinburg TN
Home to the Great Smoky Mountains, the Pigeon Forge & Gatlinburg area of Tennessee is a must-see. This gorgeous region is filled with natural wonders, amazing shows, and lodging to suit your needs. Create new memories and enjoy the beauty of the Smokies when you visit these cities!
Things to Do in Pigeon Forge
The Smokies are known for the entertainment offered within its shadow! Be sure to head out to beloved local attractions such as Dolly Parton’s Stampede Dinner Show Pigeon Forge, Hatfield and McCoy Dinner Show, Pirates Voyage Dinner & Show Pigeon Forge, and the Smoky Mountain Opry Variety Show. There are also plenty of fun opportunities for outdoor adventure and more in this area!
Lodging in Pigeon Forge & Gatlinburg, TN
Have a splashing time at one of the most beloved lodging options in the Smokies, the Country Cascades Waterpark Resort! Guests can also enjoy whitewater adventures at the Creekstone Inn - Pigeon Forge, TN, a more lowkey stay at the Econo Lodge Sevierville, or enjoy the dazzling outdoor pool and fountain at the Best Western Plaza Inn. There are tons of lodging options available in the Great Smoky Mountains!
Vacation Packages in Pigeon Forge & Gatlinburg, TN
Have a great time on your getaway with the convenience of a vacation package! These pre-selected packages include the best activities in the Smokies. Head to Dollywood with the Dollywood & Pigeon Forge Vacation Package; enjoy quality entertainment with the Best of Pigeon Forge Shows Package; or get in some thrills with Gatlinburg’s Best Sightseeing Adventure Package. Each of these vacation packages also includes your choice of lodging!
San Antonio TX
Home to rich Texan and American history, San Antonio, TX is a great place to visit for a combination of history and modern attractions. Visit the Riverwalk, see the Alamo, and more in this gorgeous city!
Things to Do in San Antonio
Whether you want to get in some thrills at SeaWorld or see the shops, restaurants and entertainment of the Riverwalk on the Go Rio San Antonio Riverwalk Cruise, your trip to San Antonio will be a blast. Other favored activities include the City Sightseeing Hop-On / Hop-Off San Antonio Tour; Six Flags Fiesta Texas, San Antonio; and the San Antonio Attraction Pass.
Lodging in San Antonio, TX
Stay close to all of your favorite attractions with the hotel and lodging options offered in San Antonio. From hotels with outdoor pools like the Hyatt Regency San Antonio Riverwalk to the comfortable accommodations of the Super 8 by Wyndham San Antonio Downtown / Alamo, there are many different options to choose from.
Vacation Packages in San Antonio, TX
For those who want to experience the best of San Antonio but aren't sure where to start, a vacation package in the area is a great option. These carefully-selected activities offer up some of the best entertainment in the city. Families will love the SeaWorld San Antonio Vacation Package and the Best of San Antonio Comprehensive Package is an awesome choice for those interested in Texas culture.
Lake Tahoe, CA
Straddling the border of California and parts of Nevada, Lake Tahoe is a gorgeous, sparkling lake that is the largest alpine lake in the entire North American continent. Offering up everything from skiing to watersports and natural wonders, Lake Tahoe is a popular destination for those who love nature and fun.
Things to Do in Lake Tahoe, CA
You cannot visit Lake Tahoe without actually getting out on the water. With the M.S. Dixie II Sightseeing & Sunset Dinner Cruises and the Lake Tahoe Sightseeing & Lunch Cruises Aboard the Bleu Wave offer guests the opportunity to experience great sightseeing from the glittering surface of the lake. Guests can also experience the fun of the lake with activities such as the Get Up Stand Up Paddleboard Lessons and the Sunset Kayak Tour on Lake Tahoe. For a more relaxed experience, see the Magic Fusion Lake Tahoe Magic Show or embark upon the Wild West Tour from Lake Tahoe with Train Ride.
Lodging in Lake Tahoe, CA
Lake Tahoe is known for its gorgeous and luxurious ski resorts and casinos. You can enjoy one of these experiences with a stay at Harrah’s Lake Tahoe Resort & Casino, The Ridge Pointe Resort, or Harveys Resort & Casino. If all the bells and whistles do not suit you, you can choose to stay in a more home-like setting at the Best Western Plus Truckee - Tahoe or the Station House Inn South Lake Tahoe, CA.
Vacation Packages in Lake Tahoe, CA
Take the stress out of planning the perfect getaway and simply choose one of our carefully-created vacation packages. For those who love nature, the Get Outdoors in Lake Tahoe Package is a must. Guests can also choose from packages such as the Lake Tahoe Family Vacation and the Lake Tahoe Romantic Getaway Package. These packages also include lodging at your choice of hotels in the area to round out your experience!
Vacations Made Easy makes vacation planning a breeze! Be sure to browse the many destinations, activities, lodging, and even vacation packages and let us help you create the perfect getaway for you and your family. Focus on making memories, and leave the rest to us!