Traditionally, Halloween has just been a one-night affair, celebrated by donning costumes and trick-or-treating on the evening of October 31. Sometimes people expand the holiday to include the evening before Halloween (known as Mischief Night) or the nearest weekend. But since Christmas season always seems to last at least a month long these days, why can't we do the same for Halloween? Here are some ideas for activities you can do throughout October to keep in the spooky spirit for the entire month:
1. Get a Halloween advent calendar.
Generally, advent calendars are a Christmas thing, but if Christmas supplies and decorations are going to start creeping into stores before October is even over, I think we can appropriate a few of its traditions for Halloween. You can find a wide variety of custom-made Halloween advent calendars on sites like Etsy, and a few on Amazon, as well. Or you can make your own! Decorated with ghosts and haunted houses, these calendars feature little pockets to store candy in. Get a small taste of Halloween each day of October as you count down to the big night!
2. Go pumpkin picking.
Pumpkin picking is both a fun harvest-time activity in itself and a great way to stock up on Halloween decorations. Find a farm near you that has a pumpkin patch, gather a group of friends, and make a day out of it! Comb the field for the perfect pumpkin to make your jack-o-lantern, or just grab a bunch of mini pumpkins and gourds to make into a gorgeous autumnal display.
3. Decorate your pumpkins.
Once you've picked a pumpkin (or just picked one up from the store), it's time to decorate it! I wrote a piece last year full of pumpkin-carving tips
to help you make the perfect jack-o-lantern. If carving up a pumpkin sounds too messy to you, you can also paint it instead!
4. Go on a hayride.
Hayrides are another traditional fall activity that you can also find at local farms. Many of these are Halloween themed, with terrifying monsters that jump out at you as you ride along. But others are just a simple way to appreciate the harvest season.
5. Visit a local haunted house or haunted trail.
Visiting haunted houses or trails is the perfect way to get your scare on, and many of these are open all October long! These attractions can vary widely in fright-level, so even if you're a bit of a scaredy cat or have small children in tow, do some research and you can probably find a haunted house or trail that's perfect for you!
6. Build a Halloween gingerbread house.
Sure, this is another activity traditionally associated with Christmas, but Trader Joe's, Target, and other stores have recently started selling Halloween-themed gingerbread house kits. These kits come with things like orange and black icing, bat- and bone-shaped candies, and a little gingerbread ghost to haunt your house. See one such house that my sister built in the photo above.
7. Host a Halloween paint night.
I'm sure you're familiar with the new trend of paint-and-sip nights, where you get together with a group of friends either at a bar or at someone's house to hang out and drink while you all paint the same picture. Well, there are plenty of tutorials for these paintings on Youtube, and many of them are Halloween-themed! Here are a few options that I've found: Spooky Cat Painting tutorial
; Stacked Pumpkins Painting tutorial
; and Raven Painting tutorial
.
8. Have a Halloween movie marathon.</b> Getting a group of friends together for a movie marathon is a great way to get in the Halloween mood. You can make a watch-list of the scariest horror movies you can think of, or get nostalgic with all of the Halloween-themed movies from your childhood, like Halloweentown
and Hocus Pocus
. Last week, I also wrote up some suggestions for horror movies inspired by Gothic literature
. If you get a long enough list together, you can keep your movie marathon going throughout the month.
9. Make mulled cider.
Hot, spiced cider is one of the most delicious aspects of fall. And it's not that hard to make! Generally, all you need is a large pot, fresh apple juice or cider, and spices like cinnamon, cloves, star anise, and orange peels. Check out this very basic recipe
from Food Network.
10. Go on a ghost tour.
If strangers jumping out at you at haunted attractions isn't your thing, you may prefer a more sedate, but equally spooky, ghost tour. The really good ones are equal parts history lesson and tales of terror. Going on ghost tours can help you learn about the local history of your own town or can be a great place to get to know somewhere new, if you find yourself traveling during October. If you can't find anyone leading ghost tours in your area, you can always put one together yourself by researching ghost sightings and scary folklore in your area, then gathering friends to visit the supposedly haunted sites for yourselves!
What are you planning to do this Halloween season? How long do you celebrate for? Share your thoughts in the comments!
Written By: TheGothicLibrarian
IT'S THE LAST HALLOWEEN CONTEST, Y'ALL BETTER STEP IT UP
I'll be a grammar Nazi for Halloween
2nd prize: $50 gift certificate*
3rd prize: $30 gift certificate*
You're one shitty grammar Nazi. You'd didn't even sig the heil. And more importantly, you didn't actually address any grammatical issues
So, Jet does still come on here.
I'm too busy adulting to even have a costume this year.