Data From The Entertainment Authority
The leading business solution for entertainment data, industry contacts, org charts, production tracking, research, ratings and box office.
Seeing is Believing
See it live Get Pricing
What is Variety Insight?
Variety Insight is the leading entertainment data solution that provides verified, timely, and accurate metadata around people, projects, and companies that work in the global entertainment business. You can rely on Variety Insight to ensure your organization makes informed business decisions based on the most up-to-date information available.
Click to learn more
How Can We Help You?
Built on cutting-edge technology and designed on the most user-friendly interface, clients get what they need quickly and easily. Powerful enough to serve the titans of the entertainment industry, Variety Insight is affordable enough for many small and midsize players, too. Variety Insight plays well across all platforms and devices, allowing you to access information when and how you need it.
Click to learn more Get Pricing
Why Do You Need It?
Variety Insight tracks all phases and stages of the entertainment industry.
- Tracking Alerts
- Episode Guides
- Performance Data
- Industry Contacts
- Film Festivals
- Org Charts
- Overall Deals
- TV Schedule
- List Builder
- Credits
- Rep Info
- Open Assignments
- Specs Around Town
- Film Release Calendar
- TV Pilots
- Digital Pilots
- Box Office
- Ratings
- Films In Development
Being Popular at Work Has Never Been Easier
Variety Insight is the research tool that benefits your entire organization.
-
CEO
Knowing the competition is your business. You have the vision to do even more, and you know that reliable information is power.
-
Development
Your team needs to know what's been bought in the marketplace, and loves tools that keep you ahead of your favorite writers, producers, directors, and stars. Track content development from major players, such as Netflix, Hulu and Amazon.
-
Current Programming
You have to ensure your new and returning series have the legs to survive. Strengthen your bench by building the smartest and fastest lists for talent, directors, and staffing.
-
Sales
Your team needs lead lists before your competitors. Find out what's happening first.
-
Research
You support organizations that too often try to make decisions based on gut feel and seat of your pants thinking. Get the data and tools you need to move your colleagues in the right direction.
-
Business Affairs
You feel good when you have more information than those negotiating the other side of the deal. Variety Insight cuts through the noise and reveals the true value of a new pitch, project, or producer.
-
Acquisitions
You win by empowering your team with the most efficient tools to identify the best new and existing TV, film, and digital entertainment.
-
CFO / Finance
You want proof that your organization is leading in the marketplace.
-
Production / Post Production
You need to know what projects are poised for a greenlight, as well as what's prepping, shooting, and in post.
You're in Good Company
Variety Insight is the original digital native data partner to the entertainment industry. The most trusted data source since 1999, it serves over 650 leading entertainment companies, technology providers, and brands.
We Play Well with Others
Variety Insight's data is the best in the business, but we also have partnered with numerous work flow solutions that allows our users to import Variety Insight data into other applications.
Salesforce is the world's number one CRM solution. Available for integration via API.
Variety Insight is the only data platform that is an official partner of The Black List ensuring its projects and writers are accurately represented in our system and easily searchable.
The Black List, an annual survey of Hollywood executives' favorite unproduced screenplays, was founded in 2005. Since then, more than 400 Black List scripts have been produced, grossing over $26 billion in box office worldwide. Black List movies have won 53 Academy Awards from 262 nominations, including 4 of the last 10 Best Picture Oscars and 10 of the last 22 Best Screenplay Oscars.
X
Thanks for your interest in Variety Insight. Your email is already in our system.
Please contact us at sales@varietyinisght.com or call 323-617-9555. We look forward to hearing from you!
X
Thanks for your interest in Variety Insight. Your email is already in our system.
Please contact us at sales@varietyinisght.com or call 323-617-9555. We look forward to hearing from you!
X
Something went wrong. Please contact customer support +1 323-617-9555
X
X