Quickly get your artwork ready to print, embroider, cut, and more with the world's best full-color auto-tracer!
Automatically convert JPG, PNG, BMP, and GIF bitmap images to true SVG, EPS, and PDF vector images online by simply uploading them. Real full-color tracing, no software to install and results are ready right away!
Stand-alone desktop application to convert bitmap images to vector images offline. Supports all the Online Edition file formats, plus AI and DXF output. Works seamlessly with Illustrator, Corel, and others.
Upload a bitmap image and we automatically figure out what settings to use and trace the image for you.
You can review the vector result, tweak the settings and even edit the result, all within the same tool.
The result is delivered in SVG, EPS, and PDF formats. The desktop edition also produces AI and DXF.
Vector Magic analyzes your image and automatically detects appropriate settings to vectorize it with, and then goes ahead and traces out the underlying shapes in full color. This makes getting started a real breeze: just upload your image and presto, a result to review!
Naturally you can revise the auto-detected settings. Vector Magic offers you meaningful settings that are comprehensible to humans, not just to a machine, and they're easy to change.
Vector Magic carefully traces out every bit of information available in your image, slicing each edge pixel at precisely the right spot to re-create the intention of your original.
This allows us to tease out small details that are lost by other tools, pushing the envelope of how small you can go before a nuance of your input is lost.
If you've used other auto-tracing tools before, you may have noticed just what an awful number of nodes they use to create your result, and just how weirdly they place them.
Vector Magic is a breath of fresh air, intelligently selecting the right number of nodes to use, and placing them at excellent locations.
This makes working with the results much easier and reduces file sizes.
Not only does Vector Magic offer you easy to use settings, we also let you edit the result, both online and in the desktop app.
You can eliminate unwanted shapes, connect shapes that have been separated, fix broken lines, and separate shapes that should not be touching, all in the form of an easy-to-use pixel-style editor.
This remarkable feature can be a real life-saver when there are a few small blemishes in your result.
Watch a video showing how to edit the result »
Vector Magic always traces your bitmap, carefully teasing out the underlying shapes in it, and provides you with a real vector image with all of its benefits.
In contrast, there are numerous services available online that claim to convert bitmaps to vectors, but that in reality just embed the pixels without actually tracing them into vector shapes.
This leaves you with a file that will still be blurry when scaled, and will not be usable for cutting, sewing, laser engraving, or other purposes that require a real vector.
Save yourself the frustration and go with Vector Magic for real vectorization!
Vector images consist of shapes like circles, rectangles, lines and curves, while bitmap images, also known as raster images, consist of a grid of pixels. Vectorization or tracing is the process of taking a bitmap image and re-drawing it as a vector image.
The shapes in vector images allow computers to do things that cannot be done with bitmap images, like scale them to any size without loss of quality and using them to e.g. cut, sew, paint, and laser engrave.
Learn more about vector images »
There is a large number of different bitmap formats. Some of the most common are: JPEG, PNG, GIF, BMP, and TIFF. Broadly speaking, they fall into two categories:
These have smaller file sizes but do not store a perfect copy of the image. They are best suited to photographs and other images where perfect accuracy is not important. They are also commonly used on the web to save bandwidth.
One of the most widely-used image formats. It has excellent compression characteristics and has the nice feature that the user may specify what level of compression they desire, trading off fidelity for file size.
We do not recommend using JPEG files for rasterized vector art, as the compression artifacts substantially degrade the quality of the image near edges.
These store an exact pixel-by-pixel representation of the image, but require more space. They are more suitable for things like logos.
The best of the lossless image formats is called PNG (Portable Network Graphics). This format is widely supported by web browsers and image viewers/editors.
Vector Magic recommends using the PNG format when storing logos as bitmaps.
There are actually several BMP formats (BitMaP). Windows and Macintosh have their own formats, both of which are called BMP. Most modern image editing tools are able to read both.
In any case, all of the variants of BMP should be avoided when possible, as they use little to no compression and consequently have unnecessarily large file sizes.
Adobe's EPS format (Encapsulated PostScript) is perhaps the most common vector image format. It is the standard interchange format in the print industry. It is widely supported as an export format, but due to the complexity of the full format specification, not all programs that claim to support EPS are able to import all variants of it. Adobe Illustrator and recent versions of CorelDRAW have very good support for reading and writing EPS. Ghostview can read it very well but does not have any editing capabilities. Inkscape can only export it.
The W3C standard vector image format is called SVG (Scalable Vector Graphics). Inkscape and recent versions of Adobe Illustrator and CorelDRAW have good support for reading and writing SVG. Further information on the SVG format may be found on the official SVG website.
Adobe's PDF format (Portable Document Format) is very widely used as a general purpose platform-independent document format. And while it is not exclusively used as such, it is also a very good vector image format. Adobe gives away the Acrobat PDF reader, but sells the tools required to create PDF files (third party tools that perform the same task are also for sale). Those tools work with any program that is able to print. Support for reading and editing PDF files is much more limited.
The native format of Adobe Illustrator is the AI format (Adobe Illustrator Artwork), a modified version of the older EPS format. The AI format is fairly widely supported, but is less ubiquitous than the EPS format, and most programs that read AI can also read EPS.
Drawing eXchange Format. A CAD format from Autodesk, used by CAD tools from many different vendors. Some programs have difficulty reading DXF files with splines (curves), so the Desktop Edition supports line+spline as well as line only output modes.
There are numerous other vector formats: CDR is the CorelDRAW native format and XAR is the Xara Xtreme native format, to name a couple.
AI and DXF require the Desktop Edition
Learn about Vector Magic's conversion options and how they apply to various image types.
An end-to-end example of converting a bitmap artwork to vector. Goes into several of the pitfalls along the way and how to handle them.
Photos can be vectorized to great artistic effect, and this tutorial shows you some examples. You can get a stylized piece of art that can be used e.g. as a background or component in a larger composition. You can also extract individual shapes from specific real-world objects, which can be a great addition to your asset repository.
Learn how to really make the most out of challenging images by scaling them appropriately and using the custom palette option to limit the number of colors Vector Magic uses.
An in-depth description of how to best scan and vectorize your printed artwork.
Learn how to use a scan of an old typography page to create a TrueType font your computer can use.
Officially supported input file formats are: JPG, PNG, BMP, and GIF bitmap images using the sRGB color space. That said, we do our best to accept any image format your browser can read. CMYK input gets converted to sRGB.
The maximum allowed image size is 1 megapixel, regardless of aspect ratio. Images larger than the size limit will be shrunk to that size. Note that this is pixels, not bytes, and there is currently no image byte size limitation.
Officially supported browsers are the latest versions of Chrome, Firefox, and Microsoft Edge running on modern desktops and laptops, though other modern browsers may also work.
Your image had transparency in it, so it has been flattened on a white background.
The Desktop Edition has full transparency support.
Your image was very large, so it has been shrunk to a reasonable size.
You can configure Pre-Crop in the Settings dialog.
The Desktop Edition does not have this limitation.
While the online editor is a very powerful tool, don't overdo it. If you need to do massive edits, it's probably better to work in a vector editor.
You can do a maximum of 1,000 edits. Further edits will be lost.
Select a color above, then use the eye-dropper on the image to change it.
|
Download Result
Improve result
Scan or drawing?
Spots between edges?
Extremely jagged edges?
Detail level Instructions
Colors Instructions
Palette (change):
Advanced
The purpose of this page is to let you manually correct segmentation mistakes made by Vector Magic. The segmentation is the crude partitioning of the image into pieces that are then smoothed to produce the final vector art.
Flip between the original bitmap, the segmentation and the vectorized result to see where there are errors.
Sometimes the finer details are not recovered automatically and you get a pinching effect in the result. The Finder can help point out some of these tricky areas - you need to edit the pixels so that the region you are interested in has a clear path.
|Bitmap
|Segm.
|Vector
Sometimes there are remnants of anti-aliasing left in the segmentation. The Zap tool helps you here by splitting a segment into pieces and merging these with the neighboring segments.
|Bitmap
|Segm.
|Vector
Try it out! You can always undo or reset your edits.
Edits made are saved to the server when you hit Next. Edits will be lost if you leave or reload this page before saving.
We're terribly sorry, but we encountered an error analyzing your image:
We're terribly sorry, but we encountered an error vectorizing your image:
We're terribly sorry, but we encountered an error fetching your image's segmentation.
This should be temporary, please try again in a few seconds.