Morrisons is now selling enormous 1kg avocados
Morrisons supermarket has brought back its gigantic 1kg avocado that’s three times the size of a regular avocado. Fans of avocado toast will be delighted to hear that More...
The UK’s largest recipe box company, Gousto, launches a plant-based burger
Gousto has just added its first plant-based burger patty to its recipe box menu thanks to growing demand from customers for meat-fee options. The UK’s largest recipe More...
Fudge Kitchen launches new vegan products in celebration of World Vegan Month
Fudge Kitchen is celebrating World Vegan Month and The Vegan Society’s 75th birthday this November with the launch of new vegan-friendly products as well as in-store events. Throughout More...
10 creative Halloween costume ideas for vegans
Wear your heart on your sleeve this Halloween with a vegan-themed costume. From sexy burgers to costumes that make you stop and think, why not spread the vegan message at your More...
Top tips on reducing food waste
UK households are throwing away 7 million tonnes of food every year – enough to fill 40 million wheelie bins, or 100 Royal Albert Halls. Here are some top tips on how to reduce More...
Remarkable women on the frontline for animals
From Kruger National Park to Australia’s live export ships to the streets of Borneo, women are doing extraordinary things to help protect animals. Unbound Project – a multimedia More...
Get set for Christmas with the November issue of Vegan Food & Living
Get set for Christmas with the November issue of Vegan Food & Living. The nights are getting darker earlier, the weather More...
Simply Vegan has a fresh new look!
Discover Simply Vegan’s fresh new look! Simply Vegan has a fresh new look! We’ve improved our recipes, More...
Berry crêpesCelebrate pancake day with a plate of these light and lovely vegan crêpes served with berry...
Blueberry, coconut Almande and pistachio pancakesThis deliciously decadent vegan pancake stack piled with fresh blueberry coulis, topped with velvety Baileys Almande...
Soft and ‘buttery’ vegan briocheNeither bread nor pastry, brioche is hard to resist thanks to its rich and tender crumb and...
Vegan and gluten-free mince pies
Christmas just wouldn’t be Christmas without mince pies, More...
Oumph! pumpkin soup
Pumpkins are not just for carving! Make the most of this nutrient-rich vegetable with this creamy soup packed More...
Wild nettle soupNature provides an abundance of natural ingredients for us to use in the kitchen, some you may never have considered using..
The ultimate vegan BLT sandwichWith homemade vegan mayonnaise, vegan cheese, crispy mushroom bacon with an irresistible smokey, umami flavour and fresh lettuce and tomato this..
Butternut squash wellington
Prepare this mouth-watering centrepiece to impress your guests this winter. Roasting a whole butternut squash, More...