Harness the Power of the Operating System for AI
Veritone created aiWARE to empower every person and every organization to do more with the power of AI. Our operating system for AI solves critical and often systemic issues facing industries, institutions and individuals by leveraging an advanced yet extensible AI ecosystem, a common infrastructure and your proprietary data feeds. With capabilities such as language detection, translation and transcription, object detection, face detection and identification and much more, aiWARE imitates human behavior while recognizing and analyzing patterns. It processes information faster and at higher volumes than the human brain – all to help boost revenue and efficiency.DISCOVER MORE
IT’S TIME FOR A BETTER APPROACH TO AI
80 percent of the world’s data can’t be read by machines. But with aiWARE, you can use artificial intelligence to turn that data into actionable insights that help you make better, data-backed decisions for your business.
Applications
Veritone offers a suite of applications and best-of-breed technologies for you to organize, manage, search, analyze and extend cognitively enriched content.
Intelligent, Real-Time Media Attribution for Radio Broadcasters
With Veritone® AttributeTM, you can analyze and enhance the effectiveness of broadcast advertising to drive customer investment. As a radio broadcaster, you can offer advertisers near-real-time ad performance analytics on their native and prerecorded campaigns.LEARN MORE
Complete Digital Asset Management and Monetization
Veritone® CoreTM is a cloud-native digital asset management (DAM) system used to manage, share and monetize content. Capable of ingesting large amounts of assets across a broad range of audio, video and still image formats, Core leverages the power of aiWARE to automatically enrich the metadata of every asset ingested.LEARN MORE
Your Own Branded Dam
Veritone® Digital Media HubTM is an intuitive web portal through which you can offer secure, cloud-native global access to your content to key stakeholders, including news media and corporate partners. And the best part? You can customize the look and feel of your portal to properly represent your brand.LEARN MORE
AI-Powered Application Suite
Veritone® EssentialsTM is your fast and easy route to harnessing AI to analyze your data. Ingest, index, search and organize your audio, video and images to transform and extend the value of your media.LEARN MORE
Intelligent, Rapid Suspect Identification
Veritone® IDentifyTM allows law enforcement agencies to harness the power of your booking databases to identify suspects faster.LEARN MORE
Intelligent Audio & Video Evidence Redaction
Veritone® RedactTM saves time and increases productivity by using artificial intelligence to automate the redaction of faces and sensitive information within audio, video and image-based evidence.LEARN MORE
Develop with Us
Calling all machine learning developers, application developers, data licensors and system integrators. Every business has its unique challenges. With Veritone Developer, leverage a sales channel to monetize your AI software products, add intelligent features to your applications and build bespoke, AI-powered solutions for your customers.GET STARTED TODAY
Artificial intelligence offers the opportunity to extract dramatically more value from data in ways that were previously impossible, and even unimaginable in some cases.
By providing a platform for our cognitive engines, Veritone has emerged as a leader in AI and we’re proud to be part of their ecosystem of AI engines.
Kirk Arthur
Worldwide Industry Solutions, Public Safety & Justice at Microsoft
Partnering with Veritone differentiates your business
Collaborating with Veritone makes artificial intelligence accessible to your customers. You get seamless integrations, innovative technologies and the ability to deliver the power of AI at scale.LEARN MORE
Veritone Blog - Insights
Stay abreast of the latest Veritone news, events, and product insights.