Find a Veteran with Our Military Buddy Finder
Join the more than 2.5 million veterans who have enrolled in VetFriends, our launching pad for your military buddy finder. We guarantee you a 100% name match in our 25 million records. With our tool, you can have instant access to 1 billion public records in the United States. Rely on us to ensure you know how to find old Army buddies, as well as those in the Air Force, Marines, Navy and Coast Guard. Some of the many benefits of VetFriends members include:
- Use the Public Records Name-Matching Tool
- Access to 1 Billion Public U.S. Records
- Ability to Search Thousands of Military Units
- Get Unit Member Updates
Premium Members receive free military gifts when they sign up and get up to 25% off all catalog sale prices, including our expansive inventory of veteran apparel.
You will get valuable information and forms to request your or a family member's military records, medals, and separation papers.
Create a personal online profile where you can post your military awards, share photos, chat, and more instantly.
Plus, get uninterrupted access to thousands of military photos, jokes, cadences, lingo, stories, and much more!
100% Name Match Guarantee.
Over 25 Million Records.
Over 2,627,934 Veterans & Military have joined!
Enjoy these great benefits:
Search 2,627,934 VetFriends Members and the 100% Guaranteed
Public Records Name Match Tool!
Get Instant access to search 1 billion public U.S. Records
Premium Member Name Search Tool
Search thousands of Military Units and receive your Unit Member updates
where you can see what your old Unit friends are up to today.
Premium Members receive Free Military Gifts when they sign up and get up to 25% Off all catalog Sale prices!
You will get valuable information and forms to request your or a family member's Military Records, Medals & Separation papers.
Create a personal online profile where you can post Your Military Awards, share photos, chat and more instantly!
Plus, get uninterrupted access to thousands of Military Photos, Jokes, Cadences, Lingo, Stories & much, much more!
Reconnect with VetFriends
Reconnected after 40 years thanks to VetFriends
After 30 years and learning the computer and finding VetFriends, I went to my first reunion of the USS Navasota AO-106. I had a great time and intend to go again next year. I really hope some other people can find this service and get in touch with people like I did. Thanks VetFriends- Veteran J. Reuter
It was a wonderful moment that we will both remember for the rest of our lives, and we owe it to VetFriends. Thanks for making it possible- Veteran Larry P.
Thanks so much VetFriends.com for your help and genuine concern for locating this long lost buddy of mine- Veteran D. Qualls
VetFriends has over 2 Million Members and offers Unit Member updates!
Just a few of our Contributors