About Victorian Plumbing
Bathrooms from Victorian Plumbing Victorian Plumbing is a leading retailer of bathrooms online. From our headquarters based in Liverpool, UK, we sell a huge range of modern and traditional bathroom products on our online store as well as in our showroom. We’ve come a long way from our humble beginnings, and we’re now one of the largest bathroom retailers in the UK.
Over the last few years, bathrooms have become one of the most important rooms to decorate in the home and now, alongside the ideal kitchen, homeowners are looking to increase the value of their home or simply show off a renovated room to their family and friends. We believe by pairing the right suite with stylish fittings and accessories, your perfect bathroom isn’t too far away. That's why we stock well over 17000 products to help you achieve the look you've always wanted, whether you’re dreaming of a complete bathroom suite or just in need of a few accessories, we have the choice and range for you no matter your style and budget. You can shop our easy to use and informative website, find inspiration on our blog and connect with us on social media for updates, ideas and competitions.
If you’re looking for something specific our easy to use search bar at the top of each webpage is the best place to start. We stock 1000's of bathroom products from leading brands, along with showroom favourites and our best-selling own-brand Victorian Plumbing designed range.
Quality Bathrooms, Without Splashing Out
Online Bathroom Specialist We've built an excellent reputation at Victorian Plumbing by knowing what you, the customer wants. As an online bathroom specialist we know you want bathrooms that are stylish and high quality products, yet real value for money. Our buying team excel in sourcing the best brands and ensuring we get the best designs and styles at the lowest prices.
We truly believe in our ethos of Quality Bathrooms, Without Splashing Out. It’s cheesy - but it represents what we’re all about here at Victorian Plumbing.
It means beautiful designer bathrooms are no longer only for posh hotels and stately homes. With our internet prices and next day delivery option you’ll be able to order your bathroom online today and take delivery tomorrow, ready to plumb in and enjoy.
Renovate Your Bathroom
Renovate Your Bathroom with Victorian Plumbing Monday morning are hard enough as it is without having to battle with shoddy showers and temperamental taps. Couple these common problems with an awful avocado suite and you’ve got a recipe for a disastrous start to any week. Many of our bathroom products are guaranteed for 5 - 25 years and, in some cases, full lifetime manufacturer guarantees are supplied. This not only shows you just how confident we are in the quality of the items we sell but it gives you complete peace of mind when purchasing them from us.
A new bathroom doesn’t always mean modern and minimal. With our roots in the restoration and sales of replica 19th century, Victorian bathrooms, from the golden days of Queen Victoria and King Edward, it's no surprise we're also specialists in the sale of traditional bathrooms online.
We’ve ensured our range of products include items from traditional and contemporary designs, so you can find what best suits you and your family, whether you're looking for classic roll top baths or bold, designer waterfall taps.
Fresh New Look
Freshen Things Up Sometimes a complete renovation isn't what's needed to create a fresh new look. You can achieve a new appearance and feel to your bathroom simply by adding new accessories and fittings. A new set of bathroom taps, or a new shower is easy to plumb in and will add a new lease of life to the room. We offer a massive range of products to provide a low cost, quick and easy face-lift for all bathrooms, meaning a complete suite isn't the only option anymore.
We don't just cater for bathrooms, why not try sprucing up your cloakroom or en suite? These are the new rooms of choice for expressing your design know-how and we’ve got a huge range of small bathroom suites curated by our in house design team, so you’re sure to get a fresh new look.
Shopping Made Easy
Search and Shop Online We invest heavily into ensuring our buying process from pick to plumb is as easy as possible, and you’ll find the Victorian Plumbing website simple and speedy to use. Looking for a specific item? There are lots of ways to browse bathrooms and order online whether you shop by category or brand. You can use our straightforward menu to browse for the products you need or use the site search feature to quickly find items in our online shop simply enter model numbers or type baths for example for a quick list of results.
If at any point you would like help with your selection or order, you can start a live chat with our team of specialists during business hours, which extends right through till 9:00pm on weekdays.
Ordering bathroom products is a piece of cake, once we’ve received your order we’ll set to work picking and packing your brand new products. We’ll keep you updated throughout this process and again upon dispatch of your order.
Customer First Thinking
Putting You First Our success as an online bathroom retailer has always been putting you, the customer, first. As well as making sure we do everything right up until the point of ordering, we excel at making sure the post-ordering experience is as easy as possible.
We’ve got a fantastic team of customer service staff dedicated to helping out, available from 8am through to 9pm Monday to Friday, plus our UK call centre is open on a weekend too if you don't want to shop online.
What are you waiting for? Your new bathroom is just a few clicks away with Victorian Plumbing!