Mobile AutoPlay
The easiest way to boost mobile sales. This has increased conversions by 61% in a recent split test. Read the case study here
Vidalytics is a video platform for marketers. It hosts, streams and plays your videos. It also comes with exclusive Video Conversion Technology™ which is the most cutting-edge way to get better conversions from your videos.
From our Analytics with the world’s first Video Conversion Tracking, to Autoplay that works on mobile devices and the latest browsers — including Safari & Chrome — Vidalytics is guaranteed to get you better conversions than any other video player.
This makes Vidalytics ideal for online course creators, direct response marketers, funnel builders, eCommerce store owners, and conversion rate optimizers.
The easiest way to boost mobile sales. This has increased conversions by 61% in a recent split test. Read the case study here
Many browsers, like Safari & Chrome, are now blocking autoplay, but Vidalytics has several whitehat workarounds to keep your conversion rate up
Have any flashing overlay you want on top of your videos to help drive clicks, plays and conversions
Stop bounces with a special thumbnail that is ONLY seen when your videos are paused
Have a button with ‘Call to Action’ text appear at a specific point in your videos to drive more sales
Tag people that watch to a certain point in your videos so you can automate your follow up marketing to drive more sales.
Perfect for automated webinars & “live” events because this simple functional-item drives more engagement & sales
Returning visitor often bounce if they’ve seen a video before. Now your viewers can pick up right where they left off & your conversions will soar
Connect Vidalytics to your favorite apps and tools to automate your marketing
Proven to i|See all the Video Conversion Technology Features
Pinpoint the exact second where people buy in your videos.See all of our Video Analytics
See where people are skipping and rewinding in your videos.See all of our Video Analytics
Find out where people are dropping off in your videos.See all of our Video Analytics
Know the dollars and cents of each one of your videos’ performance.See all of our Video Analytics
See how specific groups of viewers engaged and converted from your vidoes, like buyers vs non-buyers, 1st time viewers and repeat viewers, or devices.See all of our Video Analytics
Have all of the info you need right at your fingertips to always be on top of your video marketing.See all of our Video Analytics
With the click of a button you can compare different videos’ performance graphs side by side.See all of our Video Analytics
Brent Messer uses Vidalytics’ Mobile Autoplay on their Video Sales Letter to bump conversions massivelyGet the Case Study
Billion Dollar Marketer LOVES Vidalytics
“You should definitely use Vidalytics for video hosting. When I switched over, their Smart Autoplay increased my conversions by 30%. This is why I use Vidalytics for all of my Video Sales Letters.”
Jon Benson • Billion Dollar Marketer & Inventor of the Video Sales Letter