What prices do you want to see?
Private customer
When you are a private customer, you can show all prices inclusive VAT.Show incl VAT
Business customer
When you are a business customer, you probably can reclaim the VAT.Show excl VAT
Sign InSign in to My Viking
New customer?Create an account
Benefits of a My Viking account are:
- Faster checkout process
- Easy reordering and returning
- Saveable shopping lists
TOP CATEGORIES FOR YOU
Top Deals for you
Top Recommendations For You
Interesting Shops for you
Most Popular Brands at Viking
Popular products from Viking
Popular Right Now on Viking
Viking Ireland – Premium Office Supplies for Less Than You’d Think
Since its establishment in 1960, Viking Direct has paved the way in being one of the leading office supply companies in the world, selling the biggest brands and most sought-after products in over 11 countries. As part of the global brand, Office Depot Europe, Viking Direct has expanded its range far beyond the realms of ordinary office supplies, offering businesses and customers all the essential products they’re looking for at fantastic prices.
With thousands of products online, Viking Direct strives to be the best supplier for all things office-related. Our vastly extensive range offers everything from ink cartridges, paper and laser printers to office furniture and stationery. We even sell cleaning and catering equipment, such as coffee machines, janitorial supplies, branded drinks, table wear, fire alarms – you name it, we’ve got it. We sell products from all the biggest, leading brands, such as Canon, DYMO, Karcher, Epson, Bic, Samsung, and more. Whatever you or your business are looking for, we’ve got your needs covered.
Free Delivery on Orders Over €75
Browse our extensive range of stationery and furniture and receive free delivery* on all orders over €75 (excluding VAT). You’ll receive your goods quickly with our super-reliable, fast delivery service, without having to take the time and effort of visiting a shop. And since excellent customer service is of vital importance to our business, we offer a satisfaction guarantee to all of our customers. So, if you’re not 100% happy with your purchase for any reason, call us within 30 days and we’ll come and collect your order free of charge. In addition to this, since everything you buy is guaranteed against manufacturing faults, our ‘no quibbles’ return policy ensures your purchases are protected against defaults for up to one year.
Here at Viking Direct, our people are passionate about providing you with the best service possible, offering top-quality products and the most competitive deals on the market, ensuring you always get the best value for money. We’re happy to help with any queries or assistance you may need, with expert knowledge on all of the latest technology, industry innovations, and product information available. We also offer free installation for your office furniture. This highly-convenient, pro-fit service is a Viking exclusive and is completely free of charge to our customers for all furniture that has the pro-fit logo.
As a leading global company, one of our most important ethics is striving to be kinder to the environment. That’s why we operate a programme of continual improvement to assess and reduce all environmental aspects and impacts from our business. Our Environmental Policy, which is endorsed at Board level, is committed to working towards the four value-chain concepts – to “Be Green, Buy Green, Sell Green, and Tell Green”.
We have built our success by selling a huge collection of great products at unbeatable prices, carefully listening to our customers’ needs, and ensuring we can provide the best service possible. There is no one in Ireland that sells more office products to more customers than us. So, whether you’re working in a skyscraper in the city, or a home office, Viking Ireland is the number one destination for all of your office supply needs, helping you meet your business goals.
*Stamps and some Direct Shipped items may be exempt from free delivery.