We've got everything you need from a country pub near you.
Burning log fires in the winter, beautiful beer gardens in the summer – this is just a taste of what you can expect at your local Vintage Inn.
With 186 country pubs dotted across the UK, your next country escape may be closer than you think.
Our menus are full of hearty favourites including steak & mushroom pie, beer-battered fish and chips as well as seasonal surprises if you fancy something a little different.
When you visit expect a well-stocked bar with cask ales, lagers, fine wines, British gin and soft drinks to suit every taste.
So, whether you’re looking for a quiet spot to relax after a countryside stroll, or a place to gather your loved ones for a traditional Sunday roast, you can’t go wrong with Vintage Inns.
There's always a great reason to visit your local Vintage Inn.
Take a look through our offers if you’re after an excuse to indulge, or sign up to our email club to be the first to hear of any future offers.
Throughout the week, we offer Fixed Price Lunch and Dinner menus
and on a Friday (from 5pm) and all day Saturday there's always our fantastic Weekend Treat Menu!
Your perfect country escape for the whole family is here.
Looking for a quiet spot to relax after a countryside stroll, or a place to gather for a Sunday roast? Well, you’ve come to the right place. If it’s a traditional roast or a new seasonal dish, we’re sure there’s something for everyone to enjoy on our selection of menus.
Join our club to get the latest news and offers, plus a complimentary hot drink and mini-pudding* for your first treat.
There’s more to Vintage Inns than just great food and drink.
Did you know that some of our pubs also have rooms, so that you can extend your country escape into an overnight stay? Or that, if you’re a CAMRA member, you can enjoy 20p off any pint of cask ale?
And we’re always looking for new people to join our Vintage family - check out our jobs page for the latest vacancies.
What’s a country pub without a few four-legged friends?
We welcome dogs and have water & treats available to ensure they're as comfortable as you are during your visit!