Ultimate Desert Safari offers
Regions best UAE desert safari tours.
Note for Dune Buggy Packages
Prices vary for the time you ride the dune buggy. You are allowed to ride Dune Buggy in open desert with no boundaries with high dunes. You can ride Dune Buggy for 30 minutes, 1 hours, 2 hours. Prices are not listed in the site but feel free to contact us.
1 Seater Dune Buggy
Contact us for price
2 Seater Dune Buggy
Contact us for price
4 Seater Dune Buggy
Contact us for price
Dubai desert safari
Desert Safari Tour Package Includes
Things that you should check
Pick Up & Drop Off:
Pick & drop from your residence, hotel, centralized meeting points. Depends upon package type.
4×4 Dune Bashing:
Dune drive in 4×4 Toyota Land Cruiser, Thrilling Dune Bashing on Lahbab Desert.
Camel Ride:
Experience Camel Trekking over the Arabian desert. Step back to the ancient Time.
Sand Board:
SandBoarding is the board sport in Dubai Desert. Sand boarding is the ride over the sand dune in the deserts.
Desert Safari Heritage Camp:
Bedouin Style Arabian Camp on The Desert of Dubai. Once you are done with outside activities it’s time for the Arabian Camp.
Free Refreshments:
Have a warm welcome drinks like special Arabic qahwa, Arabic tea, coffee & unlimited water packs or soft drinks at Safari Camp.
Traditional Arabic Costumes:
Feel like classical Arab, Experience the Thawb by wearing it. Take pictures to surprise your circle.
Henna Tattoo:
Get the Henna gorgeous, versatile designs Tattoo on your hands in the Arabian Desert Camp.
Live Entertainment Show:
In the Charm of Belly Dances, Halal Dance, Fire Shows, Tanoura Dance make your evening exclusive.
International Buffet – BBQ:
Feed Your hungry belly with Veg and Non Veg Food. For the first time experience Live BBQ in The Desert Camp.
Entrée Course: Samosa – Pasta
Main Course: Biryani Rice – Jeera Rice – Noodles – Dal – Vegetables Curry – Chana Masala – Arabic Khubz – Sauteed Veggies
Grills: Chicken – Shish Taouk – Lamb KebabCold Appetizers: Tabbouleh – Garlic Sauce – Fattoush Salad – Hummus & Macaroni Salad
Dessert: Mix Fresh Fruit Salad
Why VIP Tour Dubai?
VIP Tour Dubai founded in 2017. The Only UAE based best safari, tourism provider. We aim to provide the best package and price to meet your expectations.