Server now running uninterrupted for over 120 days. Thanks to all the @SoftLayer, @virtualmin, and @ubuntu people! - @FransvanGosliga
Server now running uninterrupted for over 120 days. Thanks to all the @SoftLayer, @virtualmin, and @ubuntu people! - @FransvanGosliga
Join Over 100,000 Virtualmin Users
Virtualmin is a powerful and flexible web hosting control panel for Linux and BSD systems. Available in an Open Source community-supported version, and a more feature-filled version with premium support, Virtualmin is the cost-effective and comprehensive solution to virtual web hosting management. And, Virtualmin is the most popular and most comprehensive Open Source control panel with over 100,000 installations worldwide.
Virtualmin GPL and Virtualmin Professional web hosting control panels provide easy-to-use tools for managing websites, mailboxes, databases, web applications and web application development environments. Virtualmin also supports features rarely found in other control panels, like LDAP authentication, 2-factor authentication, command line management, and advanced access controls.
Virtualmin is the most powerful and flexible web hosting control panel, bar none. With a comprehensive command line interface, full API, sysadmin-friendly defaults, auditing, unmatched security features, and the best support in the industry, you can be confident Virtualmin provides the capabilities you need, the professional look and feel your customers demand, and the confidence that Virtualmin will be here for you for years to come.
Virtualmin is built on top of, and integrated with, Webmin. Webmin is the world's most popular Linux/UNIX systems management UI, with over three million downloads per year. Webmin sets Virtualmin apart from other control panels by providing a comprehensive systems management UI, in addition to virtual web hosting capabilities. Virtualmin is for serious system administrators who expect more than just a flashy user interface over the LAMP stack.
The new Authentic theme is not only beautiful and fast for desktop use, it is responsive and allows easier management of your Virtualmin servers from mobile devices and tablets.
There are dozens of options for choosing how the new user interface behaves, allowing you to more thoroughly customize your experience and that of your users.
The new default theme presents systems data in a clear, concise, and beautiful form, making it easier to read and interpret, at a glance.
A brand new HTML5/JavaScript File Manager module to replace the old Java applet version. The new File Manager has been integrated into Virtualmin in version 5.0 to allow delegation of file management and text editing features to website owners.
Virtualmin Professional Services are now available for a wider variety of users, including users of our Open Source projects, VIrtualmin GPL, Cloudmin GPL, Webmin, and Usermin. System integration, custom development, long-term support contracts, and more are available, to answer the needs of larger enterprise, government, and data center clients.
The most frequent user requests for Virtualmin enhancements have landed in Virtualmin 5.0. Community contributions from the amazing developers of Authentic Theme and Filemin, and feedback from countless users, has inspired this Virtualmin release, and has inspired our development and support team at Virtualmin, Inc.
Read More About What's New in Virtualmin 5.0
We develop a number of web-based systems management tools for a wide variety of tasks. All of our projects are available in free Open Source versions, and all of our projects are available with commercial support and professional services. Join over one million users, and find out how Webmin, Virtualmin, Cloudmin, and Usermin can ease your system administration burden.
Webmin is the most popular web-based systems management UI for Linux, UNIX, and Mac OS X systems. With 3.5 million downloads each year, Webmin makes management and delegation of most common system administration tasks available in a friendly web-based UI. Webmin manages users and groups, databases, BIND, Apache, Postfix, Sendmail, QMail, backups, firewalls, monitoring and alerts, and much more.
Virtualmin is a web hosting control panel, designed to make it easy to manage websites, mailbox users, databases, and web applications. It provides website owner accounts, easily installable web applications, file management, and a comprehensive and easy to use API for integration with billing and support systems. Installing Virtualmin provides a full-featured web hosting stack with web, email, databases, spam and antivirus filtering, analytics, and much more. Virtualmin is the easiest and fastest way to turn a Linux system into a full-featured web hosting system, and it is fully integrated with Webmin.
Cloudmin is our cloud computing control panel, to allow creation and management of virtual machines in an easy to use web-based UI. Offering support for KVM, Xen, LXC, OpenVZ, Amazon EC2, and Google Compute Engine, it is a flexible interface to integrate internal and external cloud services under one UI. Cloudmin provides a central view of your cloud resources, including update information, analytics, monitoring, and more. Cloudmin is integrated with Webmin and Virtualmin, to make it easy to manage cloud-based web hosting infrastructure.
Usermin is webmail and much more! Usermin provides a full-featured webmail client with encryption, search, spam and antivirus management, mail filters, and folders. Usermin also allows system administrators to grant privileges to users like changing their password, managing databases, managing and editing files, and much more. If just another webmail won't do, Usermin might.