22/10/2019
With the effects of Brexit still hanging in the balance, many Irish companies may be forced to look to wider European markets
07/05/2019
Irish Company start-ups reach record levels while insolvencies continued to fall in 2018
12/11/2018
Company start-up growth slows in the first three quarters of 2018 but insolvencies decrease by 23%
More people choose Vision-net over any other search service... ask us why?
Weekly Insolvency Gazette
Latest updates every week on
Irish Insolvencies
Liquidators
Bad Debt Judgments
New Business Start-Ups
Reduced bad debts with our market leading low cost credit and kyc reports.
Global Reports
Access credit ratings on over
100 million companies
across the globe instantly.
As It Happens
View the latest data in
realtime as it's filed, 24 hours
ahead of other providers.
Highly Predictive
Over 80% of business failures
are predicted on avg six
months in advance.
Vision-net Credit Reports are Independently Approved By All Leading Credit Insurers
Develop healthier business relationships and increase efficiencies.
Append Eircodes
Embed Our API Data
Auto-Filled Data
Vision-net is Ireland's leading low cost provider of Eircodes. We can batch append Eircodes to all of your existing customer address - in one convenient update. Ask us today about our market leading rates to auto-append eircodes in bulk batch or use our API's to verify address accuracy on data entry.
Give your teams access to full KYC, Financial, Company and Credit Risk data on their customers - where and when they need it most. Our API integrates easily into to any CRM or Accounts ledger system including SAGE, SAP, SalesForce.com, Microsoft and Oracle.
Increase form completion rates using auto filled data. Pre-populate B2B forms with accurate data to enable seamless auto-filled company details on web sign-ups, internal forms, insurance forms and financial due diligence checks.
The most comprehensive check on non-corporate customers
10 Consumer Database Searched Simultaneously
Vision-net brings you the most comprehensive report
on Individuals available to the general public.
Let our experience guide yours when you are trying to source new customers. We can give you the facts and figures on any company. How long they're in business, directors, size, area, industry...latest financials. The works.
We'd love to help you grow your business. Benchmark your competitors and avoid those costly poor paying customers. How does that sound to you?
The 10 Most Common Types Of Cyber Crime. Are You Protected?. Read more »