Announcement
Programmes OfferedVIT-AP offers distinctive education through its undergraduate, postgraduate and PhD programmes.
In Focus
VIT-AP University Chancellor Dr. G. Viswanathan signed an agreement with Arizona State University (ASU) on 28th June 2019 for an International Credit Transfer Program. Dr Raghu Santhanam, Chair Department of Information...
The VIT-AP School of Business (VSB) exchanged an MoU for 2+2 BBA program in the presence of Chancellor Daniel Little, University of Michigan-Dearborn (UMD), Chancellor G. Viswanathan, VIT-AP, and Dean Mr. Raju Balakrishnan, College...
Dr. G Viswanathan's ( Chancellor, VIT) is present at the book release of Shri. M. Venkaiah Naidu(Vice president, India) titled Listening, Learning & Leading.
Chancellor expressed his greetings and wishes to the Vice-President on his book...
Approaches and Techniques in Marketing and Consumer Behaviour Research
- 09 Nov 2019
ABOUT THE WORKSHOP This workshop will cover the qualitative techniques used in the market and consumer...More
National Conference on Recent Advances in Computer Based Systems, Process and Applications
- 24 Oct 2019
During the conference, Dr. S. Srinivas Kumar Vice Chancellor JNTU Anantapuram, Dr. Ganapati Panda from...More
Ethnography workshop in VIT-AP
- 15 Sep 2019
VIT-AP School of Business organized one day workshop on Ethnography for the BBA students on 9th September...More
Videos
Cafeteria
From quick bites between classes to full meals, the cafeteria serves a wide array of good and hygienic food to all the members.View More
Labs
There are several laboratories for various programmes offered at VIT-AP. Each laboratory is well-equipped to serve the requirements...View More
Library
The VIT-AP Library, is located in the AB1 block of the university. It epitomizes the spirit and strength of the institute which is,...View More
VIT-AP in the News
VIT-AP in the Visual Media
VTAPP Technical Fest - 2019
VITopia 2019: Sports and Cultural Fiesta
Dr. G. Viswanathan, Chancellor, VIT, Speaks on Advancement of Higher Education in Digital Era.
Keep Me Updated