Whether needing to register your kids for school / sports, or preparing to get a passport for that long-awaited vacation, VitalChek is the premier authorized provider for ordering government-issued birth certificates.
Multiple copies of a death certificate are typically needed after a loved one passes, or for genealogy research. VitalChek is your easy and secure method to receive these needed death certificates quickly.
If you've lost your marriage certificate, or looking for additional authorized copies, you’ve come to the right place. It's easy to order the authorized marriage certificate copies you need quickly with VitalChek.
Going through a divorce can be a tough period of your life. VitalChek is here to help you order authorized copies of your government-issued divorce certificate quickly and securely.
Birth, death, marriage and divorce records mark major events in a person’s life, and are used as essential identity documents. If they are allowed to fall into the wrong hands, identity theft can all too easily happen. VitalChek is the ONLY external authorized online ordering agent for government vital records agencies across the nation. This means your data is securely handled by only two parties - VitalChek and the government agency issuing your requested certificate. When you order from VitalChek, we'll verify your request and any required documentation before we securely submit your sensitive information through our direct digital portal to the correct government agency to prepare and ship your document. This transmission is fully encrypted and firewall-protected to meet or exceed all U.S. Department of Commerce standards for transmission and storage of sensitive data, passing the most rigorous security tests available.
At VitalChek, we understand the importance of keeping your personal information safe and secure. That's why we operate to the highest standards of web security when processing orders and work directly with the government agencies to fulfill your vital records requests. This means we take every precaution to ensure your personal information does not end up in the wrong hands. It's that simple.
The government agencies that issue your vital records trust VitalChek, and you can too. Whether you’re ordering a birth certificate, death certificate, marriage certificate, or divorce certificate, your information is secure through our authorized service that works directly with the government agencies.
What does that mean? Because we are an officially authorized service agent for hundreds of state and local governments nationwide, you can be assured that your personal information is safe with VitalChek. The information provided in our secure ordering process is handled only by authorized, credentialed personnel and securely submitted to the appropriate agency(s) responsible for issuing the requested certificate. That’s it – the information is used for that purpose only.
Each entire online transaction is fully encrypted and firewall-protected, meeting the highest Payment Card Industry standards (Level 1 Compliant) and federally-mandated standards set by the U.S. Department of Commerce for the transmission and storage of confidential data.
VitalChek is the authorized external ordering source for fast, secure vital records processed directly with the issuing government agency at the lowest cost available online. That means, unlike other online services, your application won’t get lost in the mail or sent to another service for processing. We process all of our orders through secure online data connections with the issuing government agencies. We don’t have your personal data laying around and everything is done through secure, PCI compliant online data transmission with the government agencies directly. That also means we get to “skip the line” for processing ahead of mail in applications, making our service the fastest available (of course we can’t speed up the agencies themselves, but we do everything we can to keep things moving!).
No other vital records processing service can offer that. That’s what makes VitalChek different – and safer – than anything else out there. The only thing that is shipped (via USPS, UPS, or FedEx depending on which shipping method you choose) is your actual vital record itself, directly from the government agency to you. Now that’s secure!
|Certificate Type:
|State:
|Year of Event:
|
|
|OK