Matrimonial Services at it's Best & 100% Completely & Totally FREE!!: Registration / Create Profile - Free!!
Vivaah is amongst the top marriage services portal providing a database of thousands of Indian/ Desi bride n grooms marriage profiles with photographs. We are known for the 100% Free matchmaking service. We are among the best free Indian matrimony site's.There are no charges and we plan to keep it this way.
We understand that searching for the life partner is one of the most important and tasks of one's life. Our aim is to assist you in the process of finding your life partner by providing 100% FREE Matrimonial Service. You Don't need to Pay anything to use all the facilities of this website.
This Indian site allows to contact member unlimited number of members for free. It also allows to send a brief personalized message along with an introduction.
In addition, once an interest has been accepted, you can also view contact details (phone/ mobile number and e-mail ID) on the profile.
Identification details such as name, contact details are secured and will be visible to only those whom you wish to display. We log IP address along with all activities performed in our database.
You can find your life partner from our free matrimonial site database of thousands of Indian and NRI groom and bride profiles. We offer marriage bureau like profiles from all communities, cities, states such as Gujarati, Punjabi, Bengali, Marathi, Brahmin, Jain and more...
We offer over a variety of search options to suit your every need. The searches are based on Religion, Mother Tongue(community), Country, State of Residence, Profession, Keywords etc. In addition we also provide the Intelli-Match feature that matches profiles based on preferences info.
Vivaah provides all marriage/ wedding match making services all at no charges. We are among the best free Indian wedding web sites. Accurate and straightforward match making are the traits that our customers have liked about us. We are passionate in our efforts to provide best money free/ no charges matrimony services to everybody on this site.
Matches are made in heaven. Why pay for it on earth!! - Please support our effort by joining and spreading the word about us among your friends and relatives.