vLex leverages one of the largest collections of legal information in the world with a platform powered by artificial intelligence that understands the law and gets smarter with every click
Make the right decision
Gain the knowledge that matters, in seconds.
Make decisions confident that you have all the relevant information from sources you can trust with the help of algorithms that expand your reach.
Some vLex features vary across jurisdictions.
Natural language search that understands legal topics using a neural network
Legal ranking that takes into account the network of citations, the recency of the material and the issuer's precedence within the legal system
Social and personal ranking of search results, based on past behavior of similar users
Know faster. Act sooner.
Get that feeling that you know what matters. Now.
Personalize your vLex News Stream.
Follow statutes, regulations, cases, titles and SmartTopics relevant to you and we'll keep you informed via daily or weekly alerts
Automatic AI-powered customization of your vLex News Stream and Alerts.
Simply use vLex and our algorithms will include materials based on your interests and usage history
Personal notifications
by push or email when we know there's something that really matters to you
Mobile app
Check your updates on the go
Comprehensive Statutes and Case law from 30+ countries. Updated daily. Selection of primary legal materials from 100+ countries.
An extensive online library of Books & Journals with content from more than 1,000+ publishers.
Exclusive content of editorially maintained, always updated, practice notes, checklists, legal forms and contracts
Legal Analytics applied to courts, cases, judges and counsel
Increase productivity
Get up-to-date answers wherever you are. On your cellphone. In your Google search results. Within your legal practice software. Integrated within your library catalog. In your citation manager. Or within your own applications via our API. Learn more about integrations
Vincent transforms traditional keyword search into a broader contextual search that begins with your document and is accelerated with artificial intelligence. Discover its capabilities.
Automate the task of finding related content. Let Vincent find and analyze citations.
Vincent performs a conceptual search for information as a human would, but is able to go further and faster by performing thousands of combined operations per second.
Vincent reduces your risk because it validates its work by looking for new cases and updated legislation in the vLex collection.
Our professional and personal lives are becoming more globalized, and so is the practice of Law. With vLex you can cross borders and access the law in any of our 100+ covered jurisdictions, in your language, and with automatic translation and multi-lingual search.
We help the leading legal practitioners and organizations to become even better. And tomorrow’s lawyers, too!
Sign-up for free to vLex OPEN and join the hundreds of thousands of lawyers, law students and other researchers that use vLex OPEN to find the law every day.
Do you need more comprehensive content coverage and professional features?
Try one of our premium plans.
Already a user ? Log in
LOGIN WITH E-MAIL
PASSWORD RECOVERY
REGISTER WITH E-MAIL
vLex user? Login here