The World's #1 Marketplace for Voice Over
Sign up in seconds. Post your job for free. Access the world's best professional voice actors.
Call to get set up by a Voices.com specialist 1-888-359-3472 Mon-Fri, 8am-8pm ET
How it works
Finding great voice over has never been faster or easierLearn more
Submit Your Job Posting
Receive high-quality auditions (often in minutes) and a quote that fits within your budget. If you have a custom script, you’ll hear your project come to life through custom auditions that read a sample of your copy - all for free.
Select the Voice Actor
Hire in one-click. While the final voice over files are being prepared, your payment will be held securely in Voices.com’s SurePay™ Escrow Account. Throughout the process, communications are confidential through our platform.
Complete Your Project
Once you’re satisfied with the voice over and have received the final files, it’s time to release your payment to the voice actor, by simply hitting ‘Release Payment.’ Voila! All that’s left is to release your final project to the world.
Professional Voice Actors
Explore by category, role, vocal quality, and more to find your perfect voiceBrowse All Voice Actors
Top Categories
Top Styles
Top Roles
Top Languages
Voice Over For Your Industry
Learn why those in your industry choose Voices.com
Voices.com is your voice over destination, moving at the speed of production, so you can delight your clients.
Find engaging elearning voice for your learning course, training video, or promotional materials.
Hire voice over that conveys trust and professionalism for your training, advertising or commercial project.
Voice Over Projects
We can help what you're working on
Connect your products and services to your customers with the right professional voice.
Add an engaging and interactive element to your training course by hiring the right voice.
Some of Our Best Features
Helping you get the job done right
Free Job Postings
You never pay to post non-union voice over jobs: whether you want to send a private invitation to auditions, or post publicly to the professional freelance marketplace.
Fast Auditions
Get high-quality voice over auditions in a few hours (or even minutes). Upload your custom script and hear the amazing possibilities as your voice over copy comes to life.
100+ Languages & Accents
From Albanian to Zulu, and everything in between, our professional voice actors offer a world of diverse voices, in over 100 different languages, accents and dialects.
Risk-Free Payment
Worry-free. Risk-free. With our exclusive SurePay™ Escrow Service you only release your funds once your final files are delivered and you’ve given your seal of approval.
Voice Matching Algorithm
Only the best. Our proprietary VoiceMatch™ technology evaluates your project and voice actor requirements, then invites only the most qualified voice actors to audition.
Project Partners
NDAs, contracts, workback schedules and more got you spinning? Our account managers make each step easy with top-to-tail project management services.
Voice Over Rates to Suit Your Budget
Prices are quoted on a project-by-project basis, varying depending on factors such as the type of work you're doing and the voice actor you select.
Read More Stories
Script sent one day, get voices back the next. By the end of the week we had a great voice selected, as well as the recordings we needed.
Get Voice Over Work
Our members get access to 1000’s of voice over jobs monthly. Select your membership level. Create your profile. Start landing voice over work today.