5,241
114,503
6,612,987
Online support is unlimited and available at no additional cost. Help is available 13 hours per day on weekdays and various times on weekends.
It's easy to customize Volgistics to meet your needs. Turn features on or off, hide fields and tabs, create your own reports, and use custom colors and images for the volunteer interface.
Volgistics uses the same level of security as online banking, and a secure data center to keep volunteer information safe.
Reasonable monthly subscription. No upfront cost, no maintenance fees, no fees for support and no long-term commitment.
Allow volunteers to submit online applications and view opportunities, check their schedules, fill openings, post hours, and more. All through YOUR website.
Send automatic schedule reminders by text or email; reach out to volunteers who match specific criteria; highlight openings to volunteers who meet the opening's requirements.
Volgistics has a number of stock reports built-in. You can also customize your reports through our easy-to-use interface.
Whether you manage volunteers for a busy hospital, a community kitchen, or an annual music festival, Volgistics provides many features to help you schedule your volunteers.
Choose to have volunteers sign in and out on a touchscreen kiosk. This eliminates the need to enter hours manually and gives you the ability to know who's on-site.
Recruiting is made easier when using online application forms and online opportunity directories, and by searching your database to find qualified volunteers to fill openings.
Use Volgistics at one site or many. Operators at each site see just the volunteers for their site. Headquarters sets the standards for all sites.
Volgistics runs through your web browser, so there's no software to install or download, and no maintenance chores. No need to involve your IT department.
Volgistics helps you manage your volunteers through the entire volunteer cycle. From the online application form to the calculation of awards, you'll find Volgistics loaded with features that you can turn on and off to fit the way you work.
Since Volgistics is the most customizable online product available, it's the perfect solution for a wide variety of organizations. We've made it simple to customize fields and options to fit your organization's unique needs.
All Content © 2019 Volgistics, Inc.
All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy