Volunteer abroad with the world's leading volunteer travel organization
More than 100,000 travelers have discovered IVHQ, the worldwide leader in impactful volunteering abroad. We’re committed to providing the world’s best volunteer abroad programs so you can travel overseas with confidence. If you’re searching for meaningful volunteer work and the opportunity to experience a life-changing volunteer vacation, gap year or alternative break, you can trust IVHQ to make it happen. We offer the world’s largest range of volunteer abroad projects in over 50 destinations across Africa, Asia, South America, Central America, North America, Europe, the Caribbean and the Pacific. Backed by over 10 years of experience and expert support services, you’ll know you’ve made the right decision to volunteer overseas with IVHQ, even before you leave home.
As seen in
Who volunteers with us
As seen in
Who volunteers with us
As seen in
Who volunteers with us
Volunteer abroad inspiration and tips
What our volunteers are saying
Lydia MacLeod | Canada
I wouldn't trade this placement for the world right now. I am learning not only about this country, but about my home country and myself as well.
Ashlee Grigg | Australia
IVHQ is a great way to meet friends, help out communities in a variety of ways and also travel the world at the same time!
Janet Patry | USA
My project exceeded my every expectation - this was without a doubt the single greatest experience of my life!
Ollie Masterson | UK
I felt that it was time for a completely independent adventure, and I was keen to hopefully better someone else's life. The experience was absolutely life-changing.
Sidney Kannel | USA
Living and volunteering in the village has been one of the most rewarding experiences I have ever had. After just 4 short weeks, the place had truly become my home, and the people my family.
Hannah Pitts | Australia
I had the adventure of a lifetime teaching in Costa Rica. You have nothing to lose, a wealth of experience to gain; and most importantly, plenty to give.
Craig Puttnam | UK
I'd do it again in a heartbeat. It's a perfect way to travel and just an experience unlike any other, it'll likely stay with you for the rest of your life.
Steph Bewski | Canada
Exploring this breathtaking country and working together with other incredible volunteers from around the world has given me the opportunity of a lifetime.
Alicia Crossley | Australia
My volunteer experience in China was the best 8 weeks of my life. Be prepared to step outside your comfort zone and I can assure you that it is rewarding beyond words.