Latest
Former Executive Director Of Satmar School Sentenced to 24 Months in Prison for School Meals Fraud Scheme
Brooklyn, NY - (Justice Dept) - Earlier today, at the federal courthouse in Brooklyn, United States District Judge Nicholas G. Garaufis sentenced the defendant Elozer Porges to 24 ...
Copy Of Hebrew Bible Created In Spain By Jews Returned After Centuries
SPAIN (JTA) — One of the world’s oldest, most ornate and most expensive copies of the Hebrew Bible has returned from Britain to northern Spain, where it was created centuries ago. ...
‘Just Too Darn Old:’ Sanders, Biden Confront Age Concerns
MARSHALLTOWN, Iowa (AP) — Bernie Sanders insists he feels better than ever less than a month after heart surgery, but his return to the campaign trail this week sparked new questio...
Iran Views US Withdrawal From Syria As An Opportunity
TEHRAN (JNS) — Amid the fast-paced violent developments unfolding in northeast Syria, Iran remains a central actor in the area, and it likely views the withdrawal of U.S. special f...
Israel’s Second Attempt To Land Aircraft On Moon Just Years Away, Says Engineer
JERUSALEM (JNS) — A representative from the Israel Aerospace Industries talked on Tuesday about Israel’s continued hopes of becoming the fourth country to land softly on the moon, ...
StopAntisemitism.org Starts Contest To Name First-Ever ‘Antisemite Of The Year’
(JNS) StopAntisemitism.org is accepting nominations for the world’s first “Antisemite of the Year Award.” The watchdog group is calling on the public to select the most notoriously...
California Utility Admits It May Have Ignited Fire
LOS ANGELES (AP) — California's biggest utility admitted its electrical equipment may have ignited a wildfire burning in wine country Friday, despite blackouts imposed across the r...
UK Billionaire Branson Kisses Ground Upon Arrival In Israel
Jerusalem (VosIzNeias) - Sir Richard Branson, the billionaire co-founder of multinational venture capital conglomerate the Virgin Group, is visiting this week the state of Israel t...
Jewish Mom’s Death Inspires Donation Of Thousands Of Books To Kids Worldwide
NEW YORK (JNS) — Thousands of books have been given to children around the world in memory of a Jewish mother from New York who died last year, People magazine reported. Hindi K...
Monsey Sex Offender Arrested
MONSEY (VosIzNeias) — A Rockland County sex offender has been arrested again on new charges for improperly touching a teenage boy. The Journal News is reporting (shorturl.at/lwR...
Facebook Launches A News Section – And Will Pay Publishers
MENLO PARK (AP) — Over the course of its 15 year history, Facebook has variously ignored news organizations while eating their advertising revenue, courted them for video projects ...
After Withdrawal, Trump Shifts Focus To Syria’s Oil Fields
WASHINGTON (AP) — As Russian and Turkish leaders divvy up security roles in northeast Syria following an abrupt U.S. troop withdrawal, President Donald Trump is focused on oil fiel...
Punishing Winds That Whipped California Fires Could Last
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Punishing Santa Ana winds that pushed fires into Los Angeles-area neighborhoods, burning six homes, were expected to last through Friday and could prompt more po...
Department Of Justice Review Of Russia Probe Now A Criminal Inquiry
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Justice Department has shifted its review of the Russia probe to a criminal investigation, a person familiar with the matter says. It's a move that is likely ...
Wind-Whipped Fires Rage Across California As Lights Go Out
GEYSERVILLE, Calif. (AP) — Fast-growing fires throughout California forced tens of thousands of people to evacuate their homes Thursday as dry winds and high heat fed flames and fe...
Carlebach Moshav Rises From The Ashes: Record Crowd For Country Fair Shows Their Support
MEVO MODI'IM (JNS) — The first thing you notice when you pass through the gate and into the moshav is the smell. Like a campfire that was doused with water and left to sputter. The...
Pence Takes Swipe At NBA, Nike In Critical Speech On China
WASHINGTON (AP) — Vice President Mike Pence took a swipe at Nike and the NBA on Thursday in a speech criticizing communist China's record on trade and human rights, saying American...
300-Year-Old Jewish Cemetery Near London Desecrated
LONDON (JNS) — Authorities are investigating the desecration of a 300-year-old Jewish cemetery near London, reported the United Kingdom’s Jewish Chronicle. Assailants reportedly...
Probe Expands In Truck Deaths, All 39 Victims Are From China
LONDON (AP) — All 39 people found dead in a refrigerated container truck near an English port were Chinese citizens, British police confirmed Thursday as they investigated one of t...
Congress Bids Tearful Farewell To ‘Sweet Elijah’ Cummings
WASHINGTON (AP) — Members of Congress bid a tearful farewell Thursday to Rep. Elijah Cummings , hailing the son of sharecroppers as a "master of the House" as the Maryland Democrat...