Welcome to the Most Trusted VPN Service
Fast, Secure, and Global
The VPN of Choice for Millions Around the World
Our user-friendly VPN apps are available on all devices, including Android and iOS. You can log on to as many as five different devices at the same time. With over 2 million customers worldwide, VyprVPN allows you to connect safely at home or on the go.
Browse More, Worry Less
Protect Your Privacy
VyprVPN technology safeguards your privacy and security with multiple encryption protocols, secure DNS, and features like our personalized Kill Switch just in case your connection drops. We take our No Log VPN status seriously and do not share data with any 3rd parties.
Get Unlimited Streaming
The best VPN for streaming with lightning fast and reliable connections, no matter where you are. With our global network of servers, you can rely on VyprVPN for access to all top streaming services.
Combat Censorship
Say good riddance to censorship and experience a truly open internet. With the support of our Chameleon™ Protocol, you can access blocked websites, apps, and streaming services without worrying about any government restrictions.
We Own Our Servers to Ensure Fast Connections
We have upgraded our global servers to give users a fast and reliable VPN connection for streaming and downloading from anywhere in the world. We own every server and piece of hardware we use in more than 70 countries around the globe, and with a single click you have over 200,000 IP addresses at your disposal to mask your location.
"Works like a charm. Changing servers is extremely easy and speed is the same as with my unencrypted line."
- Andreas S.
A Company as Old as the Internet Itself
Our founders have been invested in the future of the web since the dawn of the public Internet, and our core mission to protect privacy stems from our understanding and experience that internet users need tools to protect themselves for the sake of a free and open internet experience.
Learn more about our story here: https://www.goldenfrog.com/about-us