Handpicked Website Templates
View all »
View all »
View all »
HTML WEBSITE TEMPLATES
A website template is like an HTML theme for your website. It’s like a pre-built website that can be edited and customized according to your needs. Web templates help developers launch their new website or revamp their existing site in a jiffy. Typically, a website template will contain HTML/JavaScript code along with interactive CSS elements like buttons, sliders, drop-downs, stock images, text layouts, different fonts, etc. W3layouts creates fully responsive, easy-to-edit website templates which you can use and launch your website in a few minutes.
FREE WEBSITE TEMPLATES – ARE THESE REALLY FREE?
W3layouts web templates are free to download and use as long as the backlink to our website is kept intact. However, you can purchase the templates for a meager amount to remove the backlink. Please, refer to our download policy for further information.
WEBSITE TEMPLATE FOR EVERY BUSINESS
With 3750+ templates, we have templates for every requirement. From corporate businesses to personal blogs to eCommerce websites, we have stunning designs for every template category. If you are a newbie building your first website, then our templates will be a boon to you. Otherwise, if you’re someone looking to revamp their existing website design, our free HTML templates will be of great help to you as well!
HOW TO EDIT W3LAYOUTS TEMPLATES?
Editing our templates is very easy and requires only a couple of steps. You can either Edit the templates on our website with the “edit” feature or download it and alter the code to suit your needs. All our templates are distinct and have been built with extreme precision. Although we have created a diverse range of templates, you can easily customize the web themes to your liking.
KEY FEATURES OF OUT FREE WEBSITE TEMPLATES?
Our free website templates come packed with a lot of features. Although these features vary from template to template, there are some features that are common to most. Here are some key features of our web themes:
- Flat & Responsive: These website templates are built on the Bootstrap framework which makes them fully responsive. Responsive templates can be seamlessly displayed on any screen size or resolution. So, your users can access your store on any device in high resolution.
- Modern and Elegant Design: Our web themes are made with attention to the minutest of details. The designs are elegant and at par with professional standards.
- Font Awesome Icons: W3layouts HTML templates come with built-in Font Awesome icons, which are free icons & toolkits, that will make your site look sleek and modern.
- Widgets Integration: Smart widgets and nifty features like Google Maps integration, drop-down menus, hover animations, interactive scrolls and much more have been built into these free web themes. Get all these with our free website templates.
- Easy Customization: Customizing W3layouts templates is like cutting a piece of cake. First, use our “Demo” option to see how the templates would look on a live website. Then you can download it and edit it if you’re well versed with HTML & CSS.
Alternatively, you can also use our “Edit” option to alter the templates according to your requirements.