Wallpaper and fabric online
Promotions
Pimpernel - Classic floral trellis with soft silver metallic detail
Golden Lily - Surface printed with a contemporary indigo background
Brer Rabbit - Printed silver on an inky blue/black background
Strawberry Thief - Enduring classic on a printed gold background
Inspired by childhood memories…
Studies in natural botanicals
Full on… - fabulous escapism
Living the dream… - Angel’s collection is here
Renowned for luxury… - bellissimo!
Wallpaper Direct brings you
the widest choice of wallpapers online
Featured products
-
Nature's green and white lilacs
from Isabelle Boxall
£89.00 per roll
-
Classic Fruit with gold lustre
from our exclusive Morris collection
£90.00 per roll
-
Vibrant seasonal shades
from Cole & Son
£110.00 per roll
Classic Fruit with gold lustre
from our exclusive Morris collection
£90.00 per roll
Vibrant seasonal shades
from Cole & Son
£110.00 per roll
News & reviews
About Wallpaper Direct
Wallpaperdirect is home to the widest range of designer brand wallpapers online – around 15,000 papers including the very latest new collections.
Our design ideas inspire you with everything from classic interiors to the latest wallpaper trends.
With free wallpaper samples, simple how-to guides and our expert wallpaper calculator we'll make sure you buy the right number of rolls and paper your walls perfectly.
Latest collections wallpapers, fabrics, rugs & more…
Introduction
The latest from the world of design and decor on the wallpaperdirect blog more…
Less is Morris
Morris & Co's Pure wallpaper collection is Morris with a pinch of minimalism, presenting eight fabulous Arts & Crafts designs in a range of subtle neutral colourways that will work in any contemporary interior.
bluebellgray way
Fiona Douglas, a graduate of the prestigious Glasgow School of Art, set up bluebellgray with a clear vision and style in mind; her love of colour and all things floral combined with a desire to create unique painterly pieces.
White out
Everything has to go, except for one thing from each room (your choice), and then all your surfaces are painted over in pure white paint.