The Outer Banks in North Carolina is a popular vacation destination in the Eastern United States. While it's beautiful, it can get pricey. The good news is that you don't have to spend a lot of money at the Outer Banks to have a good time. From a National Wildlife Refuge to a Lighthouse, here's a look at a number of fun and free things to do in the Outer Banks of North Carolina.
Here is a guide on where to go salsa dancing in Chicago during the week and on the weekends, with reviews of different venues and clubs for salsa dancing, as well as what to expect when you get there!
The Tallahassee, FL, Greyhound bus station is actually one of my favorite Greyhound stations for a number of reasons that only a Greyhound passenger can understand. For example, the bathrooms at this station are actually cleaned on a regular basis! And you can hear the announcements over the PA!
The Mark Twain House and Museum offers visitors a fascinating glimpse into the life and times of one of America’s most beloved authors.
Lake Como is one of the most beautiful regions in Italy and an easy day trip from Milan. Soaring mountains, charming lakeside villages, and stunning scenery make this a must-see when visiting Milan.
One of Sicily's most famous archaeological sites is without a doubt the Valley of the Temples. Located just outside of Agrigento, this UNESCO World Heritage site is a must-see when visiting Sicily.
Travel tips and advice for planning a one-day tour from Kiev to the Chernobyl exclusion zone and the evacuated city of Pripyat, complete with photos.
There are a lot of activities to do and places to visit on Maui, but here are the six things you should do when traveling to the beautiful island of Hawaii.
Lakes are not as frequently visited as beaches and falls. Although they are not as popular, they can certainly be just as beautiful and spectacular. Sometimes, they are even more so.
If you are planning a Greyhound bus trip in the near future, there are a few things you need to know. There are some issues that can arise while traveling via Greyhound, and you want to be prepared for them all. Don't worry—we've got you covered! Here are 10 of the most likely Greyhound bus mishaps.
The Stanley Park Seawall has an 8.8 km path on top. The wall travels around the perimeter of the park beside the ocean. It offers great views and interesting sights.
Here are two must-see places just north of Sedona and one bonus site on the way back to Sky Harbor Airport in Phoenix.
Thinking about taking that trip of a lifetime to Italy? Well it's time to stop thinking and start planning. If you're looking for a reason to go, read on for my ten really good reasons to visit Italy.
Anyone who visits Venice on a vacation should spend some time touring the other islands in the lagoon. This page looks at just five of these islands - each worth a visit, and each with unique appeal
If you're planning to visit the Philippines soon, consider learning these 10 basic Tagalog phrases to help you get closer to the locals and have a taste of the country's beautiful culture.