CLOSE
Join more than 50 million players in this fast-paced, third-person action shooter. Loot up, load out and carve your own path through the sprawling Origin System.
With a vast array of fully customizable Warframes -- each with their own unique abilities like Invisibility, Teleport or Mind Control -- the power is yours to create the perfect assassin, tank, support or stealth Warframe.
Split between day and night, Equinox manifests aggressive and defensive forms at will.
Specializing in air attacks and mobility, Zephyr dominates from above.
With her quiver of tactical arrows, this huntress prowls unseen and strikes without warning.
Nekros uses his dark powers to manipulate his enemies, both living and dead.
A petite and playful facade conceals this frame’s immense power.
Beware the fury of the truly patient. Pushed beyond restraint, a reluctant master unleashes the storm within.
Rising from the ocean depths, Hydroid harnesses the power of water to a devastating effect.
Limbo manipulates the very planes of existence to divide his enemies and conquer them in the rift.
A perfect balance of mobility and offense, Excalibur is the ideal Warframe for new players.
Command the Infestation to mutate and grow ever more destructive.
With full command of surrounding magnetic energy, Mag is an expert at enemy manipulation.
A primal warrior with the heart of a trickster.
A petite and playful facade conceals this frame’s immense power.
Seamlessly leap, slide and glide over legions of grotesque clones and capitalist machines. Unsheathe your blade, stick to the shadows or go in guns blazing — the choice is yours.
Grab a hoverboard and hit the slopes of the Vallis. Spearfish in the sunlit waters of the Plains. Explore hidden caves and mine for rare minerals. Experience all of this and more in Warframe’s open worlds.
Nikanas. Pulse rifles. Flamethrowers. Collect and upgrade hundreds of unique Weapons, then modify each one for maximum mayhem and limitless possibilities.
You don’t have to work alone. Invite three friends and fight alongside 50 million Tenno in the Origin System.
We use cookies to make sure you have a great experience on our website by doing things like keeping you logged in and letting us know what pages are popular. Click anywhere or close this notification to accept our use of cookies. Click learn more to edit settings.X
Warframe is all about continually improving. Digital Extremes and our partners use cookie technology to improve our website experience for you. Website cookies help you by letting us:
|Keep you logged in and track account actions such as purchases
|Required
|See how we can improve page content and design with Google Analytics.
|Optional
|Work with our partners to track what ads make you excited about playing Warframe.
|Optional
These settings can be changed from your Account Management.
Learn more in our Privacy Policy.