LATEST
'Our blood does not want to be spilled in the land of SA,' say refugees camped outside UNHCRFor two weeks, the walkway of the Waldorf Arcade has housed rows of makeshift bedding, screaming children and exhausted refugees begging the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) to remove them from SA.
News
Artist cop gets his doctorate in educationSiphe Potelwa is a cop with a difference. He’s a fine artist, a teacher, and can now put the title doctor before his name after graduating with a PhD in education from the University of Fort Hare. At the same time as doing his doctoral research, the 38-year-old police identikit artist completed two other courses at higher learning institutions.
Picket at Gupta compound fizzles out due to rainA picket in protest against alleged corruption by the Gupta brothers and to call for their extradition to SA "so they can face the law" ended prematurely on Friday due to bad weather.
Man killed in multiple-vehicle accident in KrugersdorpA man was killed and another injured in a four-vehicle collision on the N14 in Krugersdorp, west of Johannesburg, on Saturday morning, paramedics said.
Sport
Rayners stars as Stellenbosch shock Pirates in Cape TownIqraam Rayners took advantage of some sloppy defence as Stellenbosch rode their luck to pull off a shock 1-0 win over Orlando Pirates at the Cape Town Stadium on Saturday afternoon.
Sterling sparkles as Man City see off VillaManchester City closed the gap on Premier League leaders Liverpool to three points as Raheem Sterling inspired a 3-0 win over Aston Villa on Saturday.
'We’ve prepared for two and half years for this match,' says England coach JonesEddie Jones resisted the temptation to mount his high horse after his England team dumped the All Blacks from the Rugby World Cup (RWC) on Saturday.
Entertainment
Davido is brimming with pride over the birth of his sonNigerian singing sensation Davido is overjoyed about becoming a father for the third time.
J'Something spoils his wife with new wheelsThe couple who have been together for years apparently secretly tied the knot in 2016 after J paid lobola in 2015.
Siphephelo Ndlovu extends frontiers of jazzJazz pianist and composer Siphephelo Ndlovu is one of the sparkling and exciting new voices who are helping jazz reclaim its relevance.
Lifestyle
Huawei Watch GT 2's upgraded fitness experience promotes healthy livingSPONSORED | New smartwatch combines high performance and efficient power consumption
Lorna celebrates her life in tasty wayFrom ballerina to chef to author.
Ndebele king takes Sotho bride in colourful weddingNdebele King Makhosoke II, who got the court to declare his previous marriage void, tied the knot with Lesotho princess Sekhothali Seeiso.
Sponsored by Revcontent