Selling to the USA? Here’s How To Get Paid Faster and Save on Currency Exchange
Payability and OFX have teamed up to offer a streamlined global cash flow solution and preferential rates for cross-border marketplace sellers.
A new global partnership provides online sellers with next-day payments from their U.S. marketplace sales, and big savings on currency conversion when they bring these sales proceeds back home.
On one side of the partnership is Payability’s Instant Access service. This provides next-day payments from marketplace sales, covering Amazon, Walmart, Newegg, Tophatter, Jet.com and MoreCommerce. Instead of payments taking weeks, online sellers can receive payments each day.
On the other side is OFX, with their Global Currency Account. This provides local currency accounts in U.S. dollars, British pounds, Euros, Canadian dollars, Australian dollars and Hong Kong dollars. Sellers can pay international suppliers directly from their account balance, or transfer funds home at exchange rates which offer significant cost savings.
The two services work in tandem to help sellers accelerate their cash-flow and bring more money back home. They can make more frequent stock purchases, pay suppliers more efficiently, and just grow faster overall.
Here’s everything you need to know about the new partnership between Payability and OFX.
All the Software and Services You Need
Web Retailer has the world's leading directory of software tools and service providers for online sellers.
We focus on online marketplaces such as Amazon and eBay.
Expanding to new marketplaces?
Selling across borders?
Making delivery more efficient?
Automating your pricing?
Researching products to sell?
see Product Sourcing
Working on your reputation?
Looking for outside help?
Improving your finances?
Diversifying your sales channels?
There are also dedicated categories for the leading marketplaces Amazon and eBay, and we cover all online marketplaces worldwide including Etsy, Jet.com, Walmart, Mercado Libre, Tesco, Cdiscount and many more.
Try our Advanced Search to find software compatible with a specific marketplace or shopping cart, or that are integrated with tools you already use.
Amazon Shopper Survey Results: Four Insights For Amazon Sellers
We look into how Amazon customers really buy, from a survey of over 2,000 shoppers, and pick out the most important findings for sellers.
Ecommerce agency Goat Consulting asked over 2,000 Amazon.com users about how they shop, with questions ranging from product research and brand preferences to the importance of price, reviews, images and advertising.
With the help of Will Tjernlund, Goat’s CMO and a successful Amazon seller in his own right, we’ve drawn out four of the most important findings for Amazon sellers.
How to Find Trends and Create Trending Products to Sell on Amazon
Products that piggyback on popular trends can generate amazing sales quickly, but timing is everything and other sellers don’t always play fair.
This post is by Pilar Newman, an eleven year Amazon seller veteran who runs her business full-time while traveling the world. Pilar provides ecommerce training on her website and YouTube channel.
Learning how to capitalize on fast-moving industry trends can significantly bump sales for any ecommerce seller.
It’s an opportunity that sellers such as myself seek out like a hawk in order to quickly turn around products at some of the highest profit margins. This is especially true when one uses private labeling as a method to enter the marketplace, and ride the wave of a hot new trending item.
One of the easiest and fastest ways to profit from a trending item is to produce a secondary product relevant to the main item. This is often seen when the latest tech gadget is released, and a rash of new compatible accessory items erupt onto the marketplace.
But competition is very high when it comes to profiting from trending products, and you can’t just jump on the bandwagon and expect to be successful.
In this article I’ll tell you how I’ve made money from trends in the past, how you can identify hot products yourself, and my best tips and tricks for making the most profit with trending items.