Commercial Restaurant Supplies & Equipment from WebstaurantStore
Thanksgiving Supplies View More
Recommended Products
Food Service ResourcesView More
Foods to Eat When Sick with the Flu
When you think of the fall season, you may think of changing leaves, Halloween parties , and pumpkin spiced lattes. But, autumn also marks the beginning of flu season. While getting yourself vaccinated can help, there are many types of foods that have vitamins and minerals that can help your body fight off the flu. We created a list of the best foods for fighting the flu to give you inspiration when creating new fall recipes that are delicious and can improve your health. When Is Flu Season? Flu season often begins in October or November. The season peaks around December and typically lasts until February or March, but it can go as late as May. So, if you're planning to incorporate these healthy, flu fighting foods into your restaurant's me
How to Make a Pumpkin Keg
A pumpkin keg is a festive way to serve seasonal fall beers on Halloween, one of the busiest party nights of the year. Instead of decorating with jack o'lanterns, carve out a pumpkin beer keg to sit on your bar top and act as a conversation starter. You'll be able to draw more attention to your seasonal tap list because who wouldn't want to drink a pumpkin beer drawn straight from an actual pumpkin? Pumpkin kegs are also effective for serving and holding beer because they are naturally insulated. Read below for instructions on how to make your own pumpkin keg, or check out the video! How to Make a Pumpkin Beer Keg Follow these instructions to make a pumpkin keg to dispense beer at your Halloween or fall-themed party. What You Need: Large pu
Burrata Salad with Fig and Crispy Prosciutto Recipe: WebstaurantEats Recipes
If you're looking for a refreshing appetizer, flavorful lunch, or mouth-watering side dish, we have the perfect recipe for you. This burrata salad features fig, crispy prosciutto, and brown sugar vinaigrette for a dynamic dish that your guests will remember. Burrata is an Italian cheese with a solid Mozzarella outer shell and a soft inside of cream and cheese curd. The creamy texture and mild flavor of burratta contrasts with the sweet figs and savory prosciutto to create a rich, delectable salad. Finished off with a brown sugar vinaigrette, this fig salad is a perfect addition to any banquet, restaurant, or party menu. Burrata Salad with Fig, Crispy Prosciutto, and Brown Sugar Vinaigrette Recipe by: Ronne Day (Food Stylist) Serves: 4 - 6 T
Popular Restaurant Supply Brands View More