Cheryle C.
"Webstarts has gone the extra mile to make sure my account was taken care of. Thank you!"
With The #1 Free Website Builder
As seen on.
Easily create a beautiful custom website that truly conveys the value of your products, service, or information.
Search engines like Google love new content. Write a blog and give your content marketing a jump start.
Create an online store and sell products and services directly from your website. Instant payment processing makes it easy.
Choose from hundreds of designs. Customize it with our easy to use drag and drop editor.
Get a free custom domain name to share your site with the rest of the world. Starts working in seconds.
Get your site found on Google. Sites are search engine friendly.
Real customers giving their honest opinions.
Cheryle C.
"Webstarts has gone the extra mile to make sure my account was taken care of. Thank you!"
Cody K.
"Service and response has been so great I will recommend and return to your service at a later date."
Aaron F.
"Super helpful and easy to use."
Mike F.
"Friendly, knowledgeable, outstanding support. Highly recommended."
WebStarts is loaded with more value than any other website builder or CMS.
Live customer support from people who really care.
WebStarts is everything you need to create and maintain your very own website. Traditionally websites are written in HTML code, that code is stored on a server, and a domain is pointed to it. The process of setting up a traditional website is tedious, technical, and expensive. If you don't know how to code you might hire a web developer. Next, you need to purchase server space. Finally, you need to register a domain. It's a hassle to manage three different bills and three different companies. The whole process is so confusing it leaves a lot of people wondering how to make a website at all.
With WebStarts you don't need to know any code to create a beautiful website. Our easy to use drag and drop editor makes it a breeze to place photos, text, and other elements exactly where you'd like them to appear on your page. And when it's time to add a domain name, you simply choose one and it's automatically set up to work with your site. You'll never have to worry about hiring an expensive web designer or not being able to make changes to your website in a timely manner again.
WebStarts hosts your website in the cloud. So you'll never have to worry about configuring web servers, using an FTP program to transfer files, or configuring IP addresses again.
When you create a website with Webstarts you can add a domain name to your website and it starts working instantly. There's no fiddling around with registrars, DNS, or pointing IP addresses.
You don't need to have a web design software program installed on your computer to make changes to the look and feel of your website. Just log in and everything is drag and drop. Nothing could be easier.
Most website builders limit you to choosing from one of the same boring templates already being used by hundreds, if not thousands of other websites. Then their idea of customization is allowing you to swap out text and align it left, center, and right. Those type of limitations don't give you the flexibility and control required to succeed online.
With WebStarts the drag and drop editor provides a true 'what you see is what you get' experience. You're empowered to create a unique website that conveys the value of your products and services. In addition, WebStarts is jam packed with powerful features that would cost extra with our competitors. All of this is backed up with live support, based right here in the USA. Our friendly and knowledgeable staff is happy to help bring your website to completion.
When we started WebStarts we knew everyone was going to need a website, that means everyone. Knowing the wide range of uses for a website we decided to make the basic version of WebStarts free. That way everyone from the student to the biggest corporation can create a great looking website with our free website builder. We also know people are going to love using WebStarts so much they'll want to upgrade to a paid subscription to get even more advanced features for their business or organization.
At WebStarts we know the most important thing for most people who create a website is getting found. That's why WebStarts was built from the ground up to be search engine friendly. That means websites created with WebStarts are more likely to be found on search engines like Google. So when you make a website with WebStarts rest assured people are going to be able to find the website you created online.
While our competitors limit you to creating a boring static website, at WebStarts we give you the ability to build a website that includes rich, interactive features, we call them apps. Our integrated apps range from form builders, calendars, memberships, video hosting, music playlists, music stores, maps, SEO, and much more. These interactive apps are designed to help your website attract more visitors, capture more leads, and make your website more sticky.
Watch this short video to see how easy it is to start creating your very own website with WebStarts.