About Us
Welcome to Webtogs, a multi award-winning e-commerce outdoor retailer specialising in handpicking the finest range of outdoor clothing, footwear and equipment for our customers from across more than 50 industry leading brands. We're constantly sourcing premium new brands and collections, to bring you the latest in outdoor product innovation, whether it's coming from a big high street name or a small independent!
We strive to offer a collection to cater for every kind of outdoor enthusiast, from professional mountain guides to weekend ramblers. As a result we've curated a superior offering of technical products meaning that you don’t have to compromise or prioritise your list of requirements to make the best purchase. Whether you’re one of the elite percent of the population who will make it up Everest or scaling a sheer rock face is a welcome challenge for you, or simply just starting out bagging your first corbetts and munros our mission is to provide the very best gear available for your adventure.
As well as great products we pride ourselves on the service we offer our customers. As a result, Webtogs is truly a company run by enthusiasts, for enthusiasts, but with standards of professionalism and service that make us the envy of the industry. Our ethos of exceptional service is reflected in our policies. Delivery is free in the UK for orders over £30, free next day delivery is available in the UK for orders over £75 before 9pm and a great selection of additional delivery methods are available to view in the ‘Delivery Details' section under ‘Helpful Information.’ Returns to Webtogs.com are zero hassle thanks to our 30-day returns policy which is free for customers within the UK, and further details can be found in our ‘Returns Policy' section.
When you order through Webtogs your parcel will be processed in our highly efficient #PoweredGreen warehouse and wrapped in our own plastic free packaging before making its way to you. In addition to running on 100% renewable energy contracts and 17% from the solar PV panels on our roof and a 100% frack free biogas tariff, last year we achieved 95% plastic free outbound packaging (wait and see our % for 2019!). We're also working with ground breaking organisations like the #2MinuteBeachClean and Protect Our Winters to make positive changes for our planet.
We hope you enjoy your shopping experience with Webtogs. If you’d like to speak to one of our friendly Customer Experience Specialists you can find details of how to get in touch within our ‘Contact Us’ section.