Distribute Your News Directly to
Readers and Internet Search.
Per Submission
$34.95
Managed Pay Per Click
Into Google Search Results
Per Submission
$199.95
Widespread Integration into
Global News Publications
Starting at
$299.00
Industry Specific to Reporters
and Trade Publications
Starting at
$95.00
Delivered Over News Wires
Geographic & Topic Specific
Starting at
$325.00
— Interested Media —
— Our Clients —
— Interested Media —
— Our Clients —
The reputable master erotica short story writer Katie Santee is back and she is more than ready to fulfill both the realized and unrealized fantasies of grownup women through her second book, “Passions and Pleasures.” The author delves into the unexplored depths of romance, love, lust, pleasures of the flesh and soul, and a passion waiting to bloom.
Altran, global leader in Engineering and R&D services (ER&D), today announces it has collaborated with Baicells, a high-tech company that provides disruptively priced and technically innovative LTE wireless broadband access solutions in support of fixed wireless and mobile small cells, to develop a 5G RAN multiplatform solution, building on Altran’s decades of wireless …
On 24 October 2019, Air France and Aircalin renewed their partnership agreement for the next five years. The two airlines are thus asserting their commitment to offering a long-term solution for serving New Caledonia from Paris.
Nokia and Orange have launched 5G testing in the city of Lublin, Poland, as part of the next stage of network trials in the country. Ten Nokia 5G base stations operate in the Ponikwoda, Tatary, Wieniawa and Sródmiescie districts. Nokia and Orange have launched a large-scale 5G test in the city of Lublin as part of the next stage of network trials in the country.
ACI Worldwide (NASDAQ: ACIW), a leading global provider of real-time electronic payment and banking solutions, announced the release of its 2019 Sustainability Report, providing stakeholders insights into its ongoing commitment to Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) initiatives.
Aviva Life & Pensions UK Ltd announces the completion of a £1.7 billion bulk annuity buy-in transaction with the Aviva Staff Pension Scheme. Through the transaction Aviva will insure the defined benefit pension liabilities of approximately 4,300 deferred and 1,500 current pensioner Scheme members and remove the investment and longevity risk of these members from the Scheme.
According to the International Labor Organization, one out of five young people in Latin America cannot find employment. Reason enough for Nestlé and 58 partner companies to reaffirm their ’Mercosur Youth Employability Agreement’ to young people from Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay and Uruguay.
Tyson ® Brand announces the new Tyson ® Air Fried Chicken, featuring perfectly crispy, simply seasoned, golden breading and juicy all-white meat chicken with no antibiotics ever.
Nespresso announces the launch of Cafecito de Puerto Rico, its very first Puerto Rican coffee, available exclusively to U.S. consumers. As the newest addition to the Reviving Origins program, this limited edition, extremely rare coffee highlights the natural earthiness of Puerto Rico’s coffee beans.
Download 3Q Financials 3Q 2019 highlights Consolidated: • $1.25 in earnings per share (EPS), compared with $1.19 in 3Q 2018; adjusted EPS (non-GAAP), excluding special items, of $1.25, compared with $1.22 in 3Q 2018.