In just a few clicks you can publish a customised minisite, add a ticketing and registration module to your website, design tickets and invitations in your image and more. Everything is customisable to truly create an event that looks like you!
Benefit from our simple and user-friendly features!
weezticket
Ticketing & Registration
Create your customised online tickets in minutes. Simply create and publish your event with a few clicks, or integrate the ticketing plug-in to your website and Facebook page and get ready to sell your tickets, send your invites, register attendees and manage your memberships online!
Easily validate your attendee’s tickets, with an app or on paper! Transform your smartphone into a validation device with the WeezAccess Mobile or use our synchronised devices WeezAccess Pro to validate entries and scan tickets. Whatever the size of your event, we have the best solution for you to prevent fraud and optimise flow and attendance management.
Go one step further into making your event digital. Increase your sales speed and improve the experience for both your team and your attendees with our dematerialised payment solution. Completely secure, our cashless solution works offline and provides you with the features and devices (NFC wristbands, cashless cards, etc.) that are best suited to your event. Having already provided our services to 100+ cashless events and festivals, Weezevent is the cashless tech partner you need to minimise queues, reduce risk of theft and improve your money tracking process.
You can sell more than tickets to your attendees using Cross-Selling. Just add any item you would like to sell on your ticketing platform. This includes products and services such as clothes, goodies, valet parking, meals, parking spaces, and more.
You’ve probably already wondered about the need for an internet connection at your event’s reception and access control areas or to sell products on site. Here are the answers to your most important questions with Weezevent’s solution.
In order to quickly and efficiently manage the flow of attendees on the day of your event, a check-in and access control area must be set up. Several options exist - here is an overview of a typical space, to be adjusted to your venue and event.