Please activate JavaScript.
JavaScript is used for many interactive elements of this website.
Wiimmfi maintenance in November
Wiimmfi will move to new hardware from November 11th to November 17th, 2019.
No tournaments should be planned in that week!
→ Details!
Wiimmfi
The Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection
(WFC) service was an online gaming service
that provided free online play in various Nintendo DS and Wii games.
Nintendo discontinued the service on May 20th, 2014,
primarily because the host of the service,
GameSpy
,
was shutting down its servers.
Nintendo WFC was required for online play,
but the Wiimmfi Project
has replicated much of its functionality
and allows for continued online play in Mario Kart Wii and other games.
Wiimmfi is available for the public since
May 10th, 2014 (10 days before WFC shutdown).
It started with Mario Kart Wii and supports now more than
100 games.
Read »Development of Wiimmfi« for details.
To use Wiimmfi, the games must be patched to use the new domains and
also to change some other settings.
See »Wiimmfi Patcher«
for more details.
Announcements
This part is used for announcements.
Remember that Wiimmfi is a free service, so please be patient
if I stop the servers temporarily to fix bugs or to update the system.
Wiimm
- Issues when connecting with Dolphin
-
We've rolled out some changes that might result in Dolphin crashing while
connecting, or in Dolphin throwing an 23918 error code.
Please check out this forum
post
to find out how to fix this issue in your Dolphin setup.
- Second week of November 2019
-
New Server
During the second week of November 2019 (11th to 17th),
Wiimmfi and Wii-Homebrew.com will be moved to a new server.
The actual switch to the new server (with a few hours of downtime)
will most likely happen between November 14th and 16th.
It is recommended not to schedule any tournaments during
that time as you might get kicked without notice.
- August 2017
-
Management of MKW custom regions
The management and distribution of
Custom Track Regions
changed in August 2017.
Read »Applying regions« for details.