Pattaya, (Thailand)
Cologne, (Germany)
Cartagena, (Colombia)
Madrid, (Spain)
Angeles City, (Philippines)
Phuket, (Thailand)
São Paulo, (Brazil)
Las Vegas, (USA)
Hamburg, (Germany)
Manila, (Philippines)
Zurich, (Switzerland)
Osaka, (Japan)
Bucharest, (Romania)
Buenos Aires, (Argentina)
Rome, (Italy)
San José, (Costa Rica)
Abu Dhabi, (United Arab Emirates)
Kuala Lumpur, (Malaysia)
Curaçao, (Caribbean)
Vienna, (Austria)
Cape Town, (South Africa)
Moscow, (Russia)
Melbourne, (Australia)
Paris, (France)
Havana, (Cuba)
Kiev, (Ukraine)
Athens, (Greece)
Cebu, (Philippines)
Canary Islands, (Spain)
Auckland, (New Zealand)
Beijing, (China)
Florianopolis, (Brazil)
Marrakech, (Morocco)
Santiago, (Chile)
Amsterdam, (Netherlands)
Rio de Janeiro, (Brazil)
Prague, (Czech Republic)
Bali, (Indonesia)
Frankfurt, (Germany)
Sydney, (Australia)
Barcelona, (Spain)
Bogotá, (Colombia)
Seoul, (South Korea)
London, (United Kingdom)
Panama City, (Panama)
Warsaw, (Poland)
Mexico City, (Mexico)
Copenhagen, (Denmark)
Montevideo, (Uruguay)
Top 10 global sex destinations
Top 10 red-light districts
Top 10 sex destinations in Asia
Top 10 most expensive escorts
Top 20 destinations in Europe
Global prostitution prices
Countries with most prostitutes
List of escort friendly hotels
List of red-light districts
Top adult webcam sites
List of sex abbreviations
Sex dictionaries
Female sex tourism destinations
Top 10 gay destinations
List of STDs
...choose a brothel?
...get erotic massage?
...behave in massage parlor?
...behave in strip clubs?
...visit red-light districts?
...choose an escort?
...relax with a girl?
...to select a prostitute type?
...pick up a prostitute?
...get laid easily?
...date a foreign girl?
...earn as a webcam model?
...spot a ladyboy?
...avoid common scams?
...stay safe?
"Our average customer visits increased more than 30% on the same day we added our business to WikiSexGuide Premium listing!" Carlos, Massage salon owner, Barcelona, Spain
"We had to hire two more girls after creating a premium business profile on WikiSexGuide!" Gerald, CEO of a model agency, London, United Kingdom
"Before upgrading our business to premium on WikiSexGuide, we had less than 10 foreign customers per month. Now we are having 1 - 5 English speaking customers per DAY!" Kenji, Brothel owner, Osaka, Japan
"Wow, WikiSexGuide has a lot of information of cities I'm going to visit." Wayne, Senior monger, Los Angeles, USA
"I'm traveling a lot because of my work and I'm using WikiSexGuide when I feel having some fun." Roger, Businessman, Zurich, Switzerland
"I was tired of searching the information from discussion forums. From WikiSexGuide I can find all the information in a couple of minutes." Jing, CEO of an investment company, Hong Kong
"I have bookmarked WikiSexGuide to my mobile phone!" Mark, Business and leisure traveler, Sydney, Australia
What Is WikiSexGuide?
WikiSexGuide is a free online sex guide that, by default, allows its users to edit any article. WikiSexGuide is the largest and most popular sex travel guide for adults on the internet and has millions of users every month. WikiSexGuide is totally global website and has users from every country in the world. WikiSexGuide is the easiest solution for those adult travelers to reach information who don't have time to read the long stories and reports from discussion forums.
WikiSexGuide was launched in 2012. There was only the English language version initially, but it also developed similar versions in other languages, in Spanish, German, Russian, Arabic and French. With 51,205 articles, 323,369 edits and 288,045 registered users, English WikiSexGuide is the largest sex wiki on internet.
See also: WikiSexGuide Around The World
What Kind of Information Can I Find from WikiSexGuide?
WikiSexGuide has collected information about different cities, countries and continents. Every location has its own places where you can find sex and adult entertainment. WikiSexGuide tells you the most important things what you should know about that location you're visiting.
WikiSexGuide advises where to find sex, prostitution, escorts, red-light districts, prostitutes, sex workers, street hookers, escort agencies, erotic massage parlors, brothels, sex clubs, strip clubs, striptease, KTVs, swinger clubs, BDSM clubs, sex shops, adult theaters, love hotels, short-time hotels, nightclubs, bars, gay action, lesbian action, dating, transsexuals, sexual services for women, girl-friendly hotels and how to stay safe and avoid common scams in each location.
All the information has been summarized so it's easy and quick to read. You don't have to waste your valuable time for reading long stories of discussion forums. WikiSexGuide is trying to keep the information as much updated as possible. However the world is changing all the time so we can't promise that every detail is 100% accurate. To keep the information as accurate as possible, we need your help! Everyone can edit the articles and we will do the moderation if needed.
Sex and Prostitution
WikiSexGuide tells about the sex and prostitution of different locations. WikiSexGuide will inform its users about the local prostitution laws, prostitution prices, hooking up with girls and what kind of sexual activities are available. Prostitution is one of the branches of the sex industry. The legal status of prostitution varies from country to country, from being permissible but unregulated, to a punishable crime or to a regulated profession.
Prostitution is the business or practice of providing sexual services to another person in return for payment. The person who receives payment for sexual services is called a prostitute or sex worker, and the person who receives such services is known by a multitude of terms. Estimates place the annual revenue generated from the global prostitution industry to be over $100 billion. Prostitution is sometimes referred to as "the world's oldest profession".
Red-Light Districts
Many cities all over the world have so called red-light districts. Prostitution is usually centralized on these red-light areas. Some of the red-light districts are unofficial and some are official. Usually the official RLDs have legal prostitution and unofficial RLDs have illegal prostitution. Some cities have also law that forbids prostitution on any other areas of the city than red-light areas. These kind of areas are also called as "tolerance zones". WikiSexGuide has listed the red-light districts in each city.
A red-light district is a part of an urban area where there is a concentration of prostitution and sex-oriented businesses, such as sex shops, strip clubs, adult theaters, brothels etc. The term originates from the red lights that were used as signs of brothels. There are areas in many big cities around the world which have acquired an international reputation as red-light districts. Amsterdam is probably the most famous city of its red-light districts. Some red-light districts have acquired a touristic interest beyond sex tourism, and can be perceived as places of artistic, historic or cultural interest, whether or not they still serve the sex trade.
Prostitutes and Sex Workers
Almost every city has its certain areas where to find prostitutes or sex workers. WikiSexGuide tells also how much the working girls' services usually cost and what kind of establishments the girls are usually working in.
A sex worker is a person who works in the sex industry. The term is used in reference to all those in all areas of the sex industry including those who provide direct sexual services as well as the staff of such industries.
Prostitutes have invented many different ways to earn money by selling sexual services. Here is a list of different kind of prostitute types:
- Independent Call girl / Escort - Independent escorts work for themselves in hotels and private buildings like houses, charge high prices, and stay away from the public eye. They likely advertise their services online, and they get to keep their profits since they're self-employed.
- Escort Agency Employee - Like independent call girls, employees of escort agencies work in private locations or hotels and charge relatively high prices.
- Brothel Employee - Brothels are dedicated locations where people pay for sex and can include saunas and massage parlors. The prices they charge are "moderate," and brothel workers endure "moderate exploitation" since they have to give part of their earnings to the brothel owners.
- Window Worker - This type of prostitution is prevalent for example in Amsterdam, enticing passersby to enter houses of prostitution by prominently displaying the women in windows.
- Bar or Casino Worker - These sex workers make initial contact with men at a bar or casino and then have sex at a separate location. In bars in Thailand, the Philippines, and the Dominican Republic, guys pay "bar fees" to leave a club with a worker and spend several days with her. The guys (often foreigners) pay the women's expenses during that time, in an arrangement that often confers status on the prostitute. The women earn low-to-moderate salaries.
- Streetwalker / Street Hooker - Streetwalkers earn relatively little money and are vulnerable to exploitation. Not surprisingly, they report less job satisfaction and get paid less than "indoor prostitutes" (bar workers, brothel workers, or call girls). Working on the streets is very dangerous for the girls.
Street Hookers
In most cities all over the world street prostitution is illegal. However, many countries which outlaw street prostitution have "unofficial" tolerance zones, where the practice is tolerated by the authorities, in spite of its illegality. WikiSexGuide tells where are the street girl areas in each city and what kind of prices the girls are asking.
Street prostitution is a form of prostitution in which a sex worker solicits customers from a public place, most commonly a street, while waiting at street corners or walking alongside a street, but also other public places such as parks, benches, bridges, highways, resting places, etc. The street prostitute is often dressed in a provocative manner. The sex act may be performed in the customer's car or in a nearby secluded street location, or at the prostitute's apartment or in a rented motel room.
Hookup with Local Girls
Here is a global guide how to pick up girls and how to get laid for free in different parts of the world. This guide has listed all the best places to meet girls at day time and the best nightclubs to meet horny women in each city: https://hookuptravels.com
Live Sex Cams
Basically you can watch online live sex shows for free anywhere in the world if you’re connected to internet.
Adult Locations
Most cities on WikiSexGuide has an adult location map where you can find the adult businesses and their addresses. The adult business locations are pinned in the map by different categories, so it's easy for WikiSexGuide users to navigate and find the nearest places to visit. With this map system you can also click the business that you're interested in and it will give you directions and other contact details of each business.
There are also category pages where you can view and scroll all of the businesses of each category. You can click the category page open from the right side of the map. Categories in each location are:
- Escort Services and Agencies - Listing of escort agencies, escort services, adult model agencies, etc.
- Erotic Massage Parlors - Listing of massage parlors, massage salons, health spas, beauty salons, etc.
- Brothels and Sex Clubs - Listing of brothels, sex clubs, FKK clubs, termas, whorehouses, laufhauses, etc.
- Strip Clubs and Lap Dance - Listing of strip clubs, private striptease joints, gentlemen's clubs, pole dancing clubs, etc.
- Karaoke and KTVs - Listing of adult KTVs, which are located only in some parts of Asia.
- Swinger Clubs - Listing of swinger clubs, BDSM clubs, fetish clubs, naturist clubs, etc.
- Sex Shops and Adult Stores - Listing of sex shops, adult stores, online sex shops, adult theaters, adult cinemas, etc.
- Love Hotels - Listing of love hotels, short-time hotels, love motels, short-time motels, adult resorts, etc.
- Nightclubs and Bars - Listing of normal nightclubs, bars, freelancer prostitute clubs, go-go bars, girlie bars, etc.
- Gay and Lesbian - Listing of gay bars, gay clubs, lesbian bars, lesbian clubs, LGBT clubs, gay accommodation, etc.
- Other Adult Services - Listing of all the rest of adult businesses which aren't suitable for the categories above.
Erotic Massage Parlors
Massage parlors are spread all over the world. You can find massage salons which offer extra services almost in every city in the world. Extra services usually include a happy ending with a hand job (HJ), blow job (BJ) or sometimes even with full service (FS). WikiSexGuide has listed massage parlors in each city.
Erotic massage or sensuous massage is the use of massage techniques to achieve or enhance sexual arousal. Massages have been used for medical purposes for a very long time, and their use for erotic purposes also has a long history. Today, erotic massage is used by some people on occasion as a part of sex, either as foreplay or as the final sex act. Erotic massages typically feature massages in the erogenous zones of the body to increase sexual arousal.
Erotic massage is very popular globally. Here are some different kind of erotic or sensuous massage techniques:
- Erotic massage
- Nuru massage
- Lingam massage
- Yoni massage
- Prostate massage
- Tantric massage
- Oil massage
- Sex therapy
- Soapy massage
- Thai massage
- Chinese massage
- Sex massage
- Body-to-Body massage
- Sensual massage
- Massage with happy ending
- Four hands massage
- Chakramassage
- Chocolate massage
- Dynamic massage
- Energetic massage
- Holistic massage
- Hot Stone Massage
- Relaxation massage
- Sports massage
- Swedish massage
- Back / shoulder massage
- Foot massage
- Outcall massage to your hotel
Brothels and Sex Clubs
Brothels are legal only in some parts of the world, though some illegal brothels may be tolerated. In many countries where brothels are officially illegal, the laws are ignored; brothels in such countries may be tolerated and regulated by authorities. Brothels can be called also as whorehouses, sex clubs, bordellos, casas, spas, ranches, cathouses etc. You can find the list of brothels in each location from WikiSexGuide.
A brothel is a place where people may come to engage in sexual activity with a prostitute. Technically, any place where prostitution commonly takes place is a brothel, but in places where prostitution or the operation of brothels is illegal, establishments may attempt to disguise their involvement in prostitution by referring to their business as something else, such as a massage parlor, a bar, a beauty salon, a relaxing spa, a barber shop, or a strip club.
There are many different type of brothels, Here are few examples of different parts of the world:
- FKK sauna club - Germany has over 500 so called FKK Clubs. Other countries such as Switzerland, Austria and Czech Republic have copied the concept and business over the past decade from Germany.
- Laufhaus - The common term in Germany's, Austria's and Switzerland's sex business is a Laufhaus, it is used because the customers walk through the corridors of the house (hence the name: Laufhaus/Walk House), can negotiate directly with the prostitutes and, where appropriate, may enter into a contract.
- Termas - The Portuguese word Termas literally means Spa, but it refers to a legal club or facility where prostitutes operate. A termas is a combination of spa/health, club/massage, facility/bar/brothel in Brazil.
- Soapland - Soaplands (ソープランド, sōpurando) are Japanese brothels where the girls bath you then provide blow jobs, hand jobs, body slides, anal sex or sumata (simulated sex with the girl rubbing up against your penis to get you off). Vaginal intercourse is illegal for brothels to offer as a service though you will find that most places do offer it.
- Blowjob bar - For example in Thailand you can find several BJ bars where you can drink beer while a sex worker is giving you a blow job.
- Pink salon - Pink Salons are blow job bars in Japan, and no other sex is available.
Strip Clubs and Striptease
Strip clubs are everywhere in western world. In some parts of the world strip clubs are forbidden, for example in India, China, Middle East and North Africa. A strip club is an adult entertainment venue and a type of nightclub in which stripteases or other erotic or exotic dances are regularly performed. Strip clubs typically adopt a nightclub or bar style, and can also adopt a theatre or cabaret-style. WikiSexGuide has listed strip clubs in each city.
Some regulations may vary by the country or state. For example in some places nude dancers on the stage are illegal but topless dancers are OK.
Karaoke and KTVs
KTVs can be found mostly from Japan, China and Korea, but you can find them also in the Philippines, Hong Kong and Cambodia.
KTVs are karaoke bars consisting entirely of private rooms. Many of them are fronts for prostitution. Others can be more family-oriented.
Swinger Clubs and BDSM
Swinging, swinger clubs, fetish clubs and BDSM clubs are popular in different parts of the world. WikiSexGuide has listed swinger clubs in each location.
Swinging (sexual practice), also known as wife swapping or partner swapping is a non-monogamous behavior, in which partners in a committed relationship engage in sexual activities with others as a recreational or social activity. Swinging can take place in a number of contexts, ranging from spontaneous sexual activity involving partner swapping at an informal gathering of friends to planned regular social meetings to "hooking up" with like-minded people at a swingers' club.
Here are some swinger terms:
- Orgy: having sex with more than one partner at the same time in the group of two or more couples.
- Threesome: three partners having sex in a group. Either two guys and one girl or two girls and one guy.
- Bi-Sexual: person's acceptance of and participation in multiple sexual orientations. Bi-sexual are willing and open about having sex with both men and women.
- Wife-Swapping: couples who meet and exchange partners for sexual encounters.
- Swinger Party: gathering of open-minded couples and individuals who get together to explore their sexual boundaries and maybe party a little bit. At the swingers party multiple partners often enjoy the sexual action by watching from the sidelines.
- BDSM: a variety of erotic practices involving dominance and submission, role-playing, restraint, and other interpersonal dynamics.
Sex Shops and Adult Stores
A sex shop or erotic shop is a shop that sells products related to adult sexual or erotic entertainment, such as sex toys, vibrators, lingerie, clothing, pornography, lubricants, and other related products. In most jurisdictions, sex shops are regulated by law, with access not permitted to minors, the age depending on local law. Some jurisdictions prohibit sex shops and the merchandise they sell. In some jurisdictions that permit it, they may also show pornographic movies in private video booths, or have private striptease or peep shows. Also an adult movie theater may be attached. Some sex shops have also private booths where are glory holes etc. WikiSexGuide has listed adult shops in each location.
Lately online sex shops has become very popular. People can find the products from internet and order them to their homes without showing their face in public near to the adult stores.
Love Hotels and Short Time Hotels
A love hotel is a type of short-stay hotel found around the world operated primarily for the purpose of allowing couples privacy for sexual activities. Love hotels can be found from many parts of Asia, mostly from Japan, South Korea, Thailand, Singapore, Taiwan and Hong Kong. The same concept also exists in Central and South America. In Guatemala, they are called "autohotels"; in Mexico, "hoteles de paso"; in Chile "motel" or "hotel parejero" (couples' hotel); in the Dominican Republic, "cabañas", "moteles" or "estaderos"); in Argentina and Uruguay, "albergue transitorio" or more informally, "telo"; in Brazil, Colombia and Puerto Rico, they are simply called "motels" (the word is exclusively used for love hotels). WikiSexGuide has listed the love hotels and short-time hotels in each city if there are any.
Short-time hotels are little bit different than love hotels. Short-time stay hotels are basically just normal hotels with basic decoration, but you can rent a room for a short-time with your sex partner. Love hotels have erotic decoration and other sexual facilities instead.
Nightclubs and Bars
Almost every city of the world has nightclubs and bars. Usually people like to drink alcohol or party otherwise at these establishment. Usually night clubs, bars and pubs are good places to hook up with girls. Especially if the girls have been drinking booze, they might get really open-minded. In some countries it's totally normal for the girls to go and have sex with a random guy they just met in the disco for the first time. In some countries the game is very different and it's very difficult to find a sex partner from the clubs. That's why WikiSexGuide tells about the party action in each location and some of the best nightclubs have been also listed in some cities.
Some nightclubs have also prostitutes or semi-pro working girls searching for customers. In some countries brothels are called also as nightclubs so don't get confused which kind if venue people are talking about. Some bars can be also go-go bars where you can get a working girl out of the bar if you will pay a fee to the bar. Go-go bars are very similar than girlie bars. Go-go bars and girlie bars are typically located in South East Asian countries.
Gay and Lesbian
The world is full of nice places for LGBT people. LGBT is an initialism that stands for lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender. WikiSexGuide tells about the local gay laws and is there something other you should know. In some countries homosexuality is a crime and can be punished heavily. WikiSexGuide has listed gay nightclubs, gay pubs, gay bars, gay cinemas, gay arcades, gay accommodation, etc. WikiSexGuide also tells where are the gay cruising areas, gay beaches, gay parks, gay escorts, glory holes and other hot spots for gay crowd.
Gay is a term that primarily refers to a homosexual person or the trait of being homosexual. Lesbian is the term most widely used in the English language to describe romantic or sexual attraction between women. Bisexuality is romantic attraction, sexual attraction or sexual behavior toward both males and females.
Other Adult Services
WikiSexGuide has also listed other adult services which aren't suitable for the categories above. These kind of services can be for example sex museums, dating websites, adult jobs, sex festivals, etc.
Dating
Dating and sex dating are very popular in most places in the world. WikiSexGuide tells also how to date a local girl in each location.
Transsexuals and Shemales
Many (straight) men are interested in having sex or even relationship with a transsexual woman. WikiSexGuide advices where to find transsexual clubs, shemale prostitutes, tranny escorts, kathoeys, hijras and ladyboys in each location.
Transvestism is the practice of dressing and acting in a style or manner traditionally associated with the opposite sex. Some t-girls are very beautiful and it's really difficult to tell is the person a male or a female. Many transsexuals are also modeling at online live sex cams. See more: Tranny Live Sex Video Chat
Sexual Services for Women
Finding sex is usually easier for women than for men. WikiSexGuide tells where to find male sex company in each location. Usually women are having sexual relationships for free, but sometimes also women are paying to male escorts for having sex. There are several destinations world wide where women are traveling to have sex. Read more: Top 10 Female Sex Tourist Destinations
Sleeping and Girl Friendly Hotels
Everyone has to sleep. But would it be nice to book a hotel where you can also bring guests (girls)? WikiSexGuide has compiled a comprehensive list of girl-friendly hotels world wide. The list includes also love hotels, short-time hotels and motels. WikiSexGuide's girl-friendly hotel list also shares with you good tricks how to avoid awkward situations with hotel staff.
Stay Safe
Every country and city has its own difficulties and dangers. WikiSexGuide tells how to stay safe and how to avoid scams in each location. In some parts of the world also sexually transmitted diseases (STDs, like HIV/AIDS) are more common, but basically you should always use protection if you're having sex with a stranger anywhere in the world.
See Also
- North America | South America | Europe | Africa | Asia | Oceania