It’s weird to think that the PC arguably the most powerful and most versatile device anyone could have in their home doesn’t have a Bluetooth adapter. Sure some desktop motherboards do come with built-in Bluetooth capabilities but these are the exception and not the rule. Of course, this is nothing that a very minor investment can’t fix so… Read More »
Kodi Add-ons are in a constant state of change with old ones that often were once the best sometimes replaced by new add-ons. This page is regularly updated daily to reflect changes and show the top current best working Kodi add-ons. We use a poll, testing, and user feedback to show which add-ons are the best and most… Read More »
Apocalypse 720 is a Kodi video add-on located in the Nole Dynasty Repository. Sections includes TV shows, New Releases, Actions, Animation, Classics, Comedy. Crime, DC Comics, Drama, Horror and much more. While testing it worked very well with 1-Click to play a stream. It requires a PIN to work that last 4 hours before it needs renewed. The… Read More »
Balandro is a Kodi video Spanish/English add-on located in the Canal Nereo/Balandro Repository. It has section for movies and TV shows, documentaries and more. When a video is selected it gives the option to play it in Spanish or English. So far it is working very well with 1-Click to play a stream. *WirelesSHack.org has No affiliation… Read More »
USB Type-C Hubs are great units to have when adding ports to most anything that has a Type-C connector including Android, MacBook Pro, Chromebook and more. The AUKEY CB-C70 is one such HUB that can also charge a Qi-compatible smartphone wirelessly. It also has HDMI, Type-C input/output, and 2 USB 3.0 Slots. This unit was sent to me… Read More »
The AUKEY PA-WL01 is an advanced power Hub that has many power charging features. It has a base station with a 2-in-1 charging Hub with USB Type-C along with the older USB standards. It also has a portable 10000mAh power bank that disconnect and wirelessly charge a Qi-compatible smartphone. This makes it a good unit for those who… Read More »
The new USB Type-C port comes built-in to most new devices and often the only port available. The includes new Android devices from smartphones to Android TV boxes. Like any device with a Type-C port older ports are often no longer available to use. This is an easy fix with a USB Type-C Hub which adds all the… Read More »
Collective is a Kodi video, kids, and music add-on from Incendiary-Pyro Repository. It has sections for Classic TV, Music Hot List, Top Tracks, Temper, Tube-Toons, and Tube Flix. The classic TV section has All-in-the Family, Bonanza, Dragnet TV, Head of the Class, Nancy Drew and Beverly Hillbillies. The music section has a category for most any music genre… Read More »
Alvin is a Kodi video add-on that is a Fork of Exodus located in the Octopus Repository. It has the same layout as Exodus with movies and TV shows along with a few added categories such as documentaries, networks, box-sets, and more. Using a good VPN with Kodi is always suggested for privacy and security. If you… Read More »
Kodi sports add-ons often don’t work as well as many other add-ons since the content is not recorded and usually Live. Live feeds for Kodi can be a hit-or-miss depending on the how well maintained the add-on is. One day an Addon will be working great and the next day be down. With that said… Read More »