Clay Stomps started as a way for UW-La Crosse alumnus Joel Pfeiffer to get clay for his art — gathering people to mix powdered clay and water with their feet. More than 100 clay stomps later, this Wisconsin art teacher is building community worldwide. Now that’s some fancy footwork! The influential family tradition continues with [...]
Every year, students from the Honors College at UW-Milwaukee take a spring break to help others. This year’s destination was the Big Easy, New Orleans. Among many good deeds with influential impact, students sorted Mardi Gras beads to keep them from jamming sewer pipes, cleared vacant lots of trash, and helped with a variety of [...]
UW-Stevens Point student Jessica Enstad interned this summer at the Boys & Girls Club of Portage County, a popular resource for area youth. This family and consumer science major is among 50 UW-Stevens Point students who work or volunteer there each year and among hundreds of students overall who volunteer more than 10,000 hours annually [...]
A new summer immersion program at UW-Madison helps prepare nursing students to provide services for people with a broad spectrum of disabilities. Students in the summer respite camp meet with campers and caregivers, dispense medications, and staff the nursing station. The students gain new skills and a better understanding of the importance of accessibility, ultimately [...]
The UW-River Falls’ Small Business Development Center positively influences the local economy through strategic partnerships with area businesses. Last year alone, the center assisted 19 startups and grew its capital infusion to over $3 million. This year, the center earned a prestigious award for client outreach, helping to further improve the economic impact of Wisconsin small businesses.
Imagine what 1,000 hours of volunteerism can do for a small, local community organization. More than 550 first-year students from three UW-Green Bay campuses pitched in for two hours to help clear area trails, trim invasive species, and pile wood at Barkhausen Waterfowl Preserve in Suamico, Wisconsin. Their efforts helped the new students develop team-building [...]
MADISON, Wis.—Five University of Wisconsin System students and three teachers are being recognized today by the UW System and Alliant Energy Foundation for their outstanding achievements. The Alliant Energy/Erroll B. Davis, Jr. Academic Achievement Award recognizes the outstanding academic and community-service efforts of students from traditionally underrepresented minority groups who are pursuing a degree in [...]
MADISON, Wis.—University of Wisconsin System President Ray Cross, Regent President Andrew S. Petersen, and Regents José Delgado and Becky Levzow joined UW-Oshkosh Chancellor Andrew Leavitt for a series of events at UW-Oshkosh today in the fifth stop of UW System’s All In Wisconsin tour, aimed at demonstrating the value the UW System brings to Wisconsin. [...]
MADISON, Wis.—University of Wisconsin System President Ray Cross announced today his intention to retire. See statements below regarding this announcement. Updates will be posted below. “The University of Wisconsin System has long been recognized globally as a leading system of public higher education. Ray Cross has provided personal leadership that solidified and enhanced that [...]
MADISON, Wis.—Reflecting state and national demographic trends, the University of Wisconsin System’s preliminary enrollment for fall 2019 is 167,186 students, an overall 2.6 percent decline from last year. Nationally, higher education enrollments are down. These modest enrollment reductions are not unique to the UW System amid trends of fewer high school graduates and low unemployment [...]
MADISON, Wis.—University of Wisconsin System President Ray Cross announced today his intention to retire, capping off his 42-year career in higher education. Cross, 71, will continue to serve as UW System president until his successor is found after a national search. He notified chancellors, regents, system leadership, and employees of his decision this week. “Serving [...]
SUPERIOR, Wis. – Traditional introductory math courses present one of the most significant barriers to degree completion for students in virtually all fields of study, but the University of Wisconsin System is working to change that. The UW System Math Initiative, which began in March 2017, is designed to help students receive relevant mathematics education [...]