Add your logo, colours, fonts & content on
clean, simple, grid-based themes.
Easily manage sites, domains, email or stats.
No need for HTML, FTP, SEO or other ISPs.
Go live with unlimited storage & bandwidth.
No limits, lock-downs or loose ends.
An affordable monthly payment that includes everything*.
Upgrade anytime, cancel anytime: pay-as-you-go with no set-up costs and no contractual lock-in.
An annual payment that saves money, time & trouble.
(No refunds for early cancellation though: we don't draw the line elsewhere but here we have to.)
Unlimited pages, posts, albums & images – and no setup fee when your site is created. We impose no limitations on the amount of anything you add to your site: you can upload as many images – or other files – to each page, post & album as you require.
In a nutshell it's unlimited, uncapped & unmetered. Unreal, compared to other services out there.
There is no need to find a host for your site; blazing fast hosting is built into the app. You don't have to spend another cent anywhere else.
We backup everything on the hour, & backup the hourly snapshots every day. You won't have to lose any sleep worrying about your data.
All media on your site is uploaded to a scalable and secure infrastructure provided by the Amazon S3 cloud service.
All media on your site is downloaded from a reliable and fast infrastructure provided by the Amazon S3 cloud service.
Is there a setup fee?
There isn't a setup fee involved.
Is there a trial period?
No trial period is necessary as you only pay once you upgrade your site.
Do I need a credit card to sign up?
No credit card is required to sign up; all you need is an email address.
Can I cancel at any time?
Yes; you can cancel any time. We'd like it if you stuck around but you can cancel whenever it suits you.
What plans are available?
There is only one plan available: the unlimited one. Let's keep things nice & simple.
What billing options are available?
You can select either monthly or yearly billing once you upgrade your site.
Do I need a domain to get started?
No domain is required; you can kick off your site on our domain and register or configure your own domain later on.
How many sites can I create?
As many as you require; we don't limit the amount of sites you can create.
And you only start charging me once I upgrade?
We'll charge you when you upgrade your site to your own domain.
(This means you can take as long as you want to build your site as its effectively free until you decide to go live at your own domain.)
How much is it again?
R99/mo or R999/yr for pretty much everything*.
thisarmy is a design and development company based in Cape Town. We've put over 5 years of experience building web products, services and sites into Tank, and hope you enjoy using it as much as we did building it.
Our products and services include:
Tank – build a site;
Ammo – run a store;
Trooper – manage a domain;
Thing – changing everything, changes everything.
“We believe your site can be simpler. You need more white space, a bigger logo, a clear & present grid and less clutter.”
“The way you manage what your site looks like can be as simple as the way you manage the content that defines it.”
“Simple building blocks are key to a great site. Sure, you can’t do everything with it, but you can do everything else so much easier.”
“We love your interface - for completely clueless people it’s really great to work with.”Haidee Nel
“We're so impressed with the simplicity and efficiency of Tank!”Luke Pedersen
“It takes the complexity & frustration out of designing sites without sacrificing control.”Justin Corrado
“This is by far the best web-builder solution we have ever have come across. You have left all the fun parts to us and taken all the work out of creating your own site. I have created a fully working site in a couple of days. The instructions and help are succinct & easy to follow. The skins simple and clean. The widgets a great short-cut and starting point. We are blown away.”Andrew Strode
“Thank you for a brilliant app! We’ve just finished our site (well, at least 95% done) using Tank. With little experience of web design I managed to pull it off with Tank’s simple setup. Love it!”Tsai
“Thank you for (an) awesome application. We really feel that it has allowed us to showcase our work to its full potential on our new website.”Jared Vorster