Wixie helps students share their ideas, imagination, and understanding through their writing, their voice, and their art.
"Wixie is a great tool for my students to showcase their learning by creating original digital projects, which can be easily shared with their teacher, classmates, and family members. It is a unique program that allows students to access all 4 C’s, is highly engaging, and most of all FUN! My students cannot wait to log in to Wixie and ask about it all the time!"
Dr. Monica Winkler
Buffalo Trail Elementary, CO
Blending text and voice recording with original art and images makes Wixie the perfect canvas for today’s digital learners.
Wixie gives students powerful tools to create original projects that demonstrate understanding, encourage critical thinking, and build creativity and communication skills.
Wixie allows each student to build an original representation of their learning. While the learning goals remain the same, each student’s Wixie projects are unique.
With Wixie, students may choose to create a book trailer, illustrate an essay, design a comic strip, develop a timeline, write and record a literary adaptation, and much more.
Wixie supports essential team-building and organization skills through real-time collaborative projects.
Wixie's Team feature allows students to work together on projects in the classroom or at home. Collaborating on projects allows peers to draw on individual expertise and communication skills.
Wixie helps teachers plan, implement, and evaluate student work. Teachers can manage assignments, track student progress toward curriculum goals, and assess student work using customizable rubrics.
Teachers have access to view their students' Wixie projects. Students don't have to manage files or upload documents to submit assignments!
Teachers can assess student progress throughout a project, provide feedback, and assess the final product.
Choose from hundreds of templates correlated to academic standards, and assign standards to original student work.
Create your own Wixie templates and assign them to students. Schools and districts can build their own libraries of templates specific to their curriculum.
Create a page of high quality student work to share at open house or collect all the work for a project in one place for presentation day.
Teachers have a unique URL to use to show off the work their students are doing in Wixie.