FREE GUIDE: How to find the best camera angles for dialogue scenes when your mind goes blank.
Download it Now.
Are you ready to learn cinematography?
If you’re serious about improving these cinematography skills – exposure, camera angles, camera movement and film lighting – you’ve come to the right place.
This is free film school. There is no other resource like this anywhere in any form. Period.
Hi, I’m Sareesh Sudhakaran
I have been making videos since 2002. I have worked on feature films, commercials, and corporate videos.
In 2010, I made my first feature film, The Impossible Murder. It has more than a million views on YouTube.
I’ve also made short films, fashion films, documentaries and hundreds of videos for my popular YouTube channel.
I’m self-taught from the school of hard knocks. It’s taken me many years of mistakes to know what I know. And trust me, I’ve made them all.
“Sareesh takes his already thorough and practical ‘free’ tips and articles and goes far beyond the basics in his guides.
If you are looking for information that you can understand and put to work immediately, you owe it to your work to check out everything he publishes.“ERIC, CANADA
“Sareesh has a gift for digesting high volumes of complicated technical information and present it using a clear, concise, writing style that empowers the reader.
Also, he includes embedded videos to further illustrate and expand on each subject.“HOWARD, LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA
Ready to learn cinematography?
Start with these four steps…
Step #1
Cinematography for beginners
If you’re new to exposure, shutter speeds, camera angles, choosing cameras and so on, start here.
Step #2
Master camera angles and movement
Take your cinematography skills to the next level with these advanced techniques, and learn how the great masters did it.
Step #3
Learn film lighting
Learn to light like a professional and deliver cinematic films. Film lighting separates the men from the boys.
Step #4
Camera and filmmaking guides
Sometimes you need something specific. My camera and cinematography guides are the best on the planet. See for yourself…
“Sareesh is an amazing teacher. I was looking for a guide like this for quite some time and am happy I came upon this.“BAYLEE SINNER, SEATTLE, WA
“Sareesh has in-depth knowledge in all aspects of video /cinema production work.
His tutorial on the A7s2 covers not only the correct use of the camera but all the concepts needed to make the right choices when using it. His tutorial is clear and comprehensive.“CRISTIANA BONTEMPS, MONACO
Latest posts
There are 1,000+ articles and 200+ videos (and counting) for you to learn from. Here’s the latest:
- I Follow these 10 YouTubers, Bloggers and Resources
- Cinematographers Discussing Cinematography | Omkar, Sanjay, Gourav and Ershad | #1
- Film Lighting Explained: Sara’s Murder, Suspiria
- 7 Places to Find a GREAT STORY for your Film
- What are must have Canon lenses for Video?
- What is the Best Cinema Lens for Canon?
- How filmmakers manipulate our emotions using camera angles and movement