After Halloween Guide: How to Remove Makeup, Face Paint, Fake Blood & Body Glue from Skin & Clothing
How To: There's an Easy Way to Keep Your Lock Screen from Blinding You at Night
Picture it: you wake up in the middle of the night and check your phone. Maybe you want to check the time (your phone is your alarm clock, after all) or see if that person ever replied to your message. You double-tap or lift to wake it and the screen lights up. You flinch at the bright light, squeezing your eyes shut. It takes a few moments to adjust, even if your screen's brightness is as low as possible.
How To: There's an Easier Way to Install Apps from the Google Play Store
We're always looking for ways to make life easier. Often, that involves a trick to save small amounts of time throughout the day, like switching Google Accounts with a swipe. Other times, it's just a slightly easier way to do something. The method we're sharing below falls in the latter category and involves installing apps.
How To: Conduct Recon on a Web Target with Python Tools
Reconnaissance is one of the most important and often the most time consuming, part of planning an attack against a target.
How To: The Easiest Way to Unlock Apple Maps' Hidden 3D View
By default, Apple's Maps features a 2D overhead viewing angle when you search for a place or get directions to a specific address. In the past, Apple Maps had a button in the top-right to view cities and landmarks in 3D, but that has now disappeared for the most part in iOS 13. However, the feature is still available to use — it's just sort of hidden this time around.
How To: Google Maps vs. Google Maps Go — Which App Is Right for You?
Google's "Go" line of apps are lightweight counterparts designed to be limited speedy alternatives to their full-featured sibling apps. There is a Go version of Photos, Search, Maps, and more — but are they the right apps for you?
News: Magic Leap Takes on Musical Theater with Augmented Reality Experience Starring Vanessa Williams
Musical theater enthusiasts are about to enter a whole new world of melodic storytelling via augmented reality.
News: Snapchat Spooky AR Experiences from Lens Studio Creators Get You Ready for Halloween
Homemade Halloween costumes that exhibit the maker's creativity are always better than off-the-shelf versions. It turns out that the same is true with virtual costumers.
How To: It's Really Easy to View Your Apple Music Listening History in iOS 13
Apple Music's Recently Played page is supposed to work as a hub to view your listening history, but it's a bit confusing. Thanks to iOS 13, the app now has a History page that allows you to view all of the songs you've listened to — in order — with just a few taps and swipes.
Market Reality: Samsung Diversifies AR Hardware Bets, PTC Acquires Onshape, & Nvidia Takes AR Content to the Cloud
It's no secret that Samsung is working on augmented reality hardware, as the company has been candid about its intentions. However, what we don't know is exactly how many AR projects the company is working on, as patent filings and reports revealed two more over the past week.
How To: Get the Pixel 4's New Voice Recorder App on Any Phone
One of the Pixel 4's coolest features is a new voice recording app that instantly transcribes speech into text so you can easily search for it later. This is currently a Pixel exclusive, but we'e here to present it to you on a silver platter.
How To: Make Your Markups Stand Out More on iPhone with a Simple Slider
The screenshot editor in iOS is full of fun and powerful ways to mark up your images to quickly highlight what's important. That said, screenshots are often noisy, and can distract from arrows, circles, and other edits we add. Luckily, there's a simple hidden tool that can help those markups stand out right away.
News: Mitsubishi's New Electric Car Shows Off AR Dashboard in Concept Video
Those going on crazy off-road adventures, taking their inspiration from various SUV commercials, are likely to encounter many unexpected, all-terrain dangers.
News: Vuforia Parent PTC Goes All-In on 3D Content Creation with $470 Million Acquisition of Onshape CAD Platform
There's a direct correlation between the proliferation of augmented reality apps and the demand for 3D content, and PTC just quantified that in dollars.
How To: Re-Enable a Semi-Tethered Jailbreak to Restore Access to Sileo
Compared to fully untethered jailbreaks, semi-untethered methods like Chimera for iOS 12 have one major handicap: you need to re-enable the jailbreak every time your iPhone turns off or restarts. As intimidating as it seems, however, kickstarting the mod and restoring your tweaks is still pretty easy.
How To: Activate the Hidden Developer Options Menu on Your Pixel 4
If you want to root, it's step one. If you're a tinkerer, it's vital. It's Android's hidden "Developer options" menu, and it's definitely worth taking 30 seconds to unlock.
2019 Holiday Guide: Essential Gifts for the iPhone Addict on Your Shopping List
So, someone on your shopping list has an iPhone. Lucky for you, Apple's line of smartphones are practically made for accessories. From AirPods to adapters, there's something for every iPhone user in your life. Are you feeling overwhelmed by the options? You've come to the right place.
How To: You Can Finally Unzip Files on Your iPhone
Gone are the days of needing a specialized app or program to unzip files. In fact, you don't even need a computer. It's 2019 — cars drive themselves, robots take fast food orders, and you can unzip compressed files right on your iPhone.
How To: iOS 13 Made Searching Much Faster in iPhone Apps
Your iPhone is full of search bars. Messages, Notes, Photos, Reminders ... these apps and more allow you to search for specific items to speed up whatever it is you're doing. But the fastest way to search in iOS might not be by typing.
News: Samsung Doubles Down on AR Hardware Plans with Smartglasses Patent & Facebook Partnership
Just as Apple, Snapchat, and other tech giants are working on augmented reality wearables in the race to replace smartphones for the future of mobile computing, so is Samsung.
How To: Use WebTech to Discover What Technologies a Website Uses
Correctly identifying the underlying technologies that run on a website gives pentesters a considerable advantage when preparing an attack. Whether you're testing out the defenses of a large corporation or playing the latest CTF, figuring out what technologies a site uses is a crucial pen-tester skill.
News: Apple Just Released the 4th Public Beta for iOS 13.2
Apple's upcoming update for iOS 13 adds a host of fun new features, piggy-backing on the changes both iOS 13.1 and iOS 13 brought to the table. When you update, expect new emojis, Deep Fusion on 2019 iPhone cameras, among so much else. Want in on the action? Apple just released the fourth public beta for iOS 13.2 today, Wednesday, Oct. 23.
News: Apple Releases iOS 13.2 Developer Beta 4 for iPhone
Another day, another beta, right? Well, that's not always the case. Apple can be pretty inconsistent when it comes to beta releases. In the past, a beta release once every two weeks was pretty much guaranteed. Nowadays, these updates can come at any time. Consider today's release, iOS 13.2 developer beta 4, which comes one week after the release of dev beta 3.
How To: 12 Things the Specs & Leaks Aren't Telling You About the Pixel 4
You watched the live stream, pored over the specs, and are now super excited for the Google Pixel 4. But specs don't tell you everything. After using the Pixel 4 XL for over a week now, we've found several things you wouldn't know without getting your hands on the phone.
News: Nvidia Helps Developers Tap into Streaming AR Content with New CloudXR Platform
Higher-fidelity 3D content and next-generation AR experiences take more computing power than most modern AR headsets and mobile devices can handle. But Nvidia is introducing a new cloud-based solution to address that need that will stream AR content to modern devices.
How To: iOS 13 Has Radically Improved Connecting to AirPods & Bluetooth Devices
Not long ago, connecting your iPhone to Bluetooth devices was a true pain in the neck. Control Center's AirPlay button made connecting to certain devices much easier, but it was with iOS 13 that Apple finally made connecting to wireless acceessories like AirPods, speakers, and keyboards so much better.
How To: If You Know These Keywords, You Can Make Someone's iMessage Really Pop
One of the coolest aesthetic features of iMessage is its animated message effects. If you're like many users, you might even have discovered them by accident; wishing your friend a "Happy Birthday!" or congratulating them on a promotion suddenly floods your screen with balloons or confetti.
How To: Set Up a New MacOS Computer to Protect Against Eavesdropping & Ransomware
While MacOS computers have been spared from some of the most famous malware attacks, there is no shortage of malicious programs written for them. To keep your computer safe from some of the most common types of malware, we'll check out two free tools. These tools can automatically detect ransomware encrypting your files and watch for unauthorized access to your microphone and camera.
News: LG Enhances South Korean TV Sets with Shoppable Augmented Reality Ads
Best known for its mobile phones and television sets, South Korea's LG has had a quieter presence in the US compared to the country's homegrown efforts.
How To: Hide App & Folder Names on Your iPhone for a Cleaner Home Screen
The iPhone's home screen gets its signature aesthetic from a grid of icons that seamlessly blend in to almost any background. It's a somewhat minimalistic look, but that's interrupted by cluttery text labels for apps and folders. Fortunately, there's a way to remove these labels, but you'll have to be jailbroken to pull it off.
How To: 16 Ways to Destroy the Competition in Call of Duty Mobile
So you've been playing Call of Duty Mobile for some time but can't seem to get MVP at the end of the battle. Well, since the game is a competition of players and bots, you're in an uphill battle. But you don't have to languish at the bottom. With the help of these tips, you might just nab your first MVP.
How To: Paste Text on Your iPhone with Just One Swipe
Pasting on your iPhone has never been easier. You're familiar with the old way of doing things — long-press in the text field to bring up the "Paste" option, then tap that option to paste your text. It's not necessarily hard, but trust me when I say there's a better way.
Market Reality: Magic Leap vs. Nreal Lawsuit Update, Disney & Target Do AR Marketing, Sotheby's Comes to Magic Leap One
Magic Leap's legal battle against Nreal has taken an intriguing turn this week, as Magic Leap set a date to discuss the matter with Nreal. But a new partnership struck by Nreal adds another wrinkle to the duel between the two AR wearable makers.
How To: Check Your MacOS Computer for Malware & Keyloggers
While you might suspect your MacOS computer has been infected with malware, it can be difficult to know for sure. One way to spot malicious programs is to look for suspicious behavior — like programs listening in on our keyboard input or launching themselves every time we boot. Thanks to free MacOS tools called ReiKey and KnockKnock, we can detect suspicious programs to discover keyloggers and other persistent malware lurking on our system.
How To: Here's How the Pixel 4's Face Unlock Feature Works
The Pixel 4 and 4 XL are the first Android phones released in the US to support secure facial recognition. You no longer have to hate on your Apple's friends because you now have "Face ID" as well. So I assume you want to set it up right away — here's how.
News: Nreal Forms Alliance with Wireless Giant China Unicom to Demo Smartglasses in Retail Stores
Suddenly, Magic Leap's lawsuit against Nreal, as well as its barrier to entry in the Chinese market, appears to be as insurmountable as The Great Wall itself.
News: Zombie Math App for Magic Leap One Mixes Halloween Horror with AR Learning
What if you could combine the fun of Halloween with the process of learning? Well, if you were wise enough to have already snagged a Magic Leap One device, we have good news: the app you're looking for is here, and it's called Zombie Math.
How To: Your Friends Are Gonna Hate This iMessage Shortcut
Back in its infancy, the App Store was filled with text bomb apps that allowed users to send a barrage of text messages to friends, family, and foes. It was a fun way to annoy people, but Apple quickly scrubbed the apps because of technical issues. Although text bombs are still banished, you can now use a Siri Shortcut to send text bombs through iMessage on your iPhone.
News: Magic Leap Lawsuit vs. Nreal Takes Major Step Forward After Legal Team Scours the Planet in Search of Elusive Founder
The legal drama surrounding Chinese startup Nreal and Magic Leap continues, and now we finally have an update.
How To: Curb Your Drunk Texting Habits with This iPhone Tweak
There's something about alcohol that compels you to contact people. Most of the time, the drunken calls or messages you send out will have you cringing hard tomorrow morning. But if you have a jailbroken iPhone, you can help prevent this potential embarrassment with a free tweak.
News: Mobile Developer Within Tells Interactive Halloween Tales via Wonderscope AR App
The Halloween season is the perfect time for telling scary stories, but augmented reality is here to bring the tradition of frightening children to the modern age.