Microsoft Word®
Microsoft® Word is an excellent software to create documents and reports as well as write letters, contracts, and agreements. It can also be used to write reports, memos, and resumes. Microsoft Word® (MS Word) is very user-friendly. There are many features in this software to suit the needs of the user.
Users can change the font style and size; bold, italicise or underline important words or phrases; make lists, highlight text, insert pictures, insert an automatic table of contents and references. These are just a few of the numerous advantages of using MS Word.
The software also allows the user to make as many edits as they want, insert pictures and tables, insert page numbers, headers and footnotes, as well as adjust page dimensions.
MS Word allows the document to be saved in multiple formats. For example, you can make a report in MS Word and then save it as a PDF file, so it becomes largely non-editable.
Overall MS Word is a one-stop software for all your documents. MS Word also allows you to choose from templates or download more templates from the web. We have many Microsoft Word templates on this site that you can download for free.
Microsoft Excel®
Microsoft Excel® (MS Excel) is another powerful software from Microsoft®. This software allows you to create spreadsheets, tables, figures and run many statistical tests. MS Excel is widely used across the world for bookkeeping, for calculations, for statistical tests and many other uses. The software is again extremely user-friendly and has amazing features that save lots of time and effort.
You can create as many sheets as you want in the same Excel file. You can even link all those sheets through formulae – this feature saves lots of time and effort. If you make a mistake or want to change a figure that has been used in several sheets; normally you would have to go through all the sheets and find the figure to change it everywhere.
However, if you have entered the figure in one sheet and then cleverly used the ‘=’option before reinserting the same figure for the 2nd, 3rd and nth…. times, you will only have to change the figure in the first sheet. The rest of the figures and calculations will automatically be updated.
Moreover, Excel allows you to create bar charts, trends, and other useful graphs; carry out what-if analysis; highlight certain cells through selection, carry out regression and t-tests and many other features. Like MS Word, MS Excel also allows you to change font style and size, color cells, change the color of text and make it bold, italicised or underlined.
MS Excel is used by scientists, students, researchers, businesses and even at homes to record, maintain and analyze data. You can find many MS Excel templates on this website and they are all available for free downloads.
The Templates
On this website, you can find hundreds of Microsoft Word® & Microsoft Excel® templates. All the templates are free to download. For Microsoft Word®, the templates include letters, contracts, agreements, flyers, cards, ID badges, resumes and many other. For MS Excel the templates include budget sheets, financial calculators, logs, lists, inventories, business sheets and many others.
Browse through our templates and choose the one most suitable for you.