of people research a company online before visiting or making a purchase with them.
97%
of consumers use the web to search for local businesses.
Building Your Online Presence
We partner with small business owners to help them build their online presence. Most business owners understand the importance of having one but not everyone has the time or experience to build one themselves and that’s where we can assist you. Whether you’re starting from scratch, needing help with one you’ve started or just looking to learn more, we’re here to help.
As small business owners ourselves, we understand how expensive it is to run a business and that not everyone can afford to spend thousands of dollars on a new website. So you can start building your online presence with one of our packages that give you a professional looking website without breaking your budget. Or, view our blog to learn more about building an online presence.
Web Design
Make a great first impression and convert your web traffic into customers.
Enter your domain and email address below to receive a free SEO website audit. This audit includes:
Site Health
Errors
Warnings
Notices
Top 3 issues
Your Information
We're now auditing your website. Your Site Audit report will be sent to your email within an hour.
You can audit another site
Rock Point Real Estate
Chattanooga, Tennessee
"I’ve been very impressed with Seth’s broad knowledge of online marketing and his ability to explain it simply and help me make intelligent decisions to increase my business. Plus he has done a fantastic job with our website maintenance and improvements. Highly recommended!”
- Philip
Chattanooga Dock Builder
Chattanooga, Tennessee
“Seth with StellarShift Web Design has been a huge asset to our company. He recently redesigned and upgraded our company’s website so that it’s not only beautiful but is easy and fully accessible for our customers to navigate. We’ll definitely be using StellarShift for all of our future website needs.”
- Drew
TiggerTown
Chattanooga, Tennessee
"Seth created a wonderful website for my non-profit! He made sure it had everything I needed and requested! It is simple, elegant, and extremely functional! All of our links to all of our different sites work and look great! He was super fast (other than waiting on me)! Would definitely recommend!!"
- Candice
Maggie May Clothing
Powells Crossroads, Tennessee
"From the beginning, Seth was fantastic to work with! He listened carefully to the needs of our growing e-commerce business and made valuable recommendations. He is professional, very knowledgeable, and highly skilled in a variety of web/media interfaces. He is always prompt and courteous in his communications. I highly recommend Seth and StellarShift Web Solutions for any of your online business needs!"
- Susan
Souls of Men
Lookout Mountain, Georgia
"I came to Seth having some idea of what I wanted in a website, but little idea of the details. He did a great job of walking me through the process, teaching me, as well as listening to my desires. Then he worked his magic. I have been very pleased with his product and his follow up. I highly recommend him."
- Bob
Employment 4 Everyone
Chattanooga, Tennessee
"My experience with StellarShift Web Design was nothing but perfect. I would recommend them to everyone I know. If you need a professional website builder, try StellerShift Web Design.”