Welcome to Worktop Express. As the UK's leading online worktop supplier, we specialise in providing superior surfaces at affordable prices direct to the public.
Our extensive kitchen worktop collection is hand-picked by our team of experts and contains over 90 styles, including classics such as oak worktops, in a variety of materials. Each product is selected for its unique aesthetic and is carefully sourced from the world's top manufacturers - including many in the UK - to deliver sustainable surfaces of the highest quality.
We are proud to have delivered over half a million orders since inception in 2009 and our customers are at the heart of everything we do. Our unrivalled stockholding of over 20,000 worktops means we're sure to have your worktop available immediately and our 2Man service will deliver on your chosen day, taking care of the heavy lifting for you. With over 20,000 positive reviews, our passion for exceptional quality and great service is recognised by our customers too.
Our worktop visualiser will help you find the perfect worktop - mix and match colours and door styles with our surfaces until you find the one.
See the exceptional quality of our products before placing your order, without ever needing to leave the comfort of your own home.
Design, price and order your bespoke worktop online - a quick and easy way to buy your made-to-measure worktops.
If you want to experience the quality of our beautiful surfaces for yourself, our sample service allows you to do this from the comfort of your own home. Alternatively, why not visit one of our nationwide showrooms to browse our entire collection up-close?
Use our comprehensive bespoke cutting service and your chosen surface can arrive tailor-made ready for installation. Visit our online bespoke worktop tool to design your custom worktop today and let our skilled craftsmen and specialist machinery take care of the rest.
We also stock a wide range of products to complement your selected surface including sinks, floating shelves, kitchen splashbacks, worktop installation accessories and many more.
We have you covered every step of the way with your new kitchen worktops - from our blogs on how to choose the perfect surface for you, to detailed information guides on how to install and care for your worktop. Our friendly experts are always happy to help if you do have any questions - just contact us via live chat, email or telephone.
Latest from the Worktop Express® Blog
October 11, 2019
September 23, 2019
View all of our past blog posts at the Worktop Express® Blog
Worktop Express® - Installation & Aftercare
All About Laminate Kitchen Work Surfaces
Removing Stains and Discoloration on Wooden Work Surfaces
How to Treat Real Wood Worktop Surfaces
How to Select the Best Worktop Oil for Your Wooden Surfaces
What Are Kitchen Worktops Made Of? - 04/06/2019
Find the Best Kitchen Worktop for You in Under 60 Seconds! - 09/05/2019
A Guide to Joining Worktops Without a Jig - 26/03/2019
All About Our Instant Hot Tap - 20/03/2019
Sign up to our newsletter and get £25 off your order*. We’ll also keep you up-to-date with the latest kitchen trends, new products and special offers.
By subscribing you agree to our Privacy Policy
*Valid until 30/11/2019. Minimum spend £250 (excluding delivery charges). Not to be used in conjunction with any other offers. One use per customer.