Split your affairs into projects, tasks and subtasks.
Create timelines and define your priorities.
The calendar and Gantt chart will assist your planning through visual control. Reports and reminders will make forgetting tasks next to impossible.
Split your team into groups, name administrators and owners. Invite clients and partners to particular groups.
Focusing on large internet projects has become much easier. Worksection has everything you need for a quick and well-coordinated work. It is now easier for the employees to control tasks and their timing. Productivity increased in blink of an eye!
Each user can personalize their Workstation to show only the tasks and events they are involved in.
Routine tasks can easily be made recurring within the interface. Daily work plans and daily reports will help your team maintain a common ground.
Users can log how much time or money they spent on their tasks. For 100% accuracy – just use the timer.
Focusing on large internet projects has become much easier. Worksection has everything you need for a quick and well-coordinated work. It is now easier for the employees to control tasks and their timing. Productivity increased in blink of an eye!
Your client won’t see the spend figures and the project’s “underbelly”.
You can also hide any task, comment or contact from your client.
You can add several client companies and contractors to each project. The client, in turn, can add executives to the project and assign tasks to them.
All your work can be recorded in the comments which saves you time and makes teamwork much more efficient.
Focusing on large internet projects has become much easier. Worksection has everything you need for a quick and well-coordinated work. It is now easier for the employees to control tasks and their timing. Productivity increased in blink of an eye!
SSL-encryption. Failover сluster. Back-ups. Option to connect to your own FTP server. Two Factor Authentication (2FA).
Unbeatable prices! Free accounts, 1 month trial and large discounts for long-term purchases.
Available on any device, anywhere in the world thanks to a responsive design. Multiple languages available.
Worksection’s interface is simple and convenient – even a beginner can use it with ease. It also includes automatic updates. We offer unmatched customer support, our response time is always under 30 minutes.