Run your projects from beginning to end with WorkflowMax project management software. Do it all – quoting, scheduling, time tracking, invoicing and reporting – and get a much better picture of your people and your profit.
Convert more leads, and keep customer relationships strong. From leads to jobs, to money in the bank. With centralised lead and client management features alongside fast, customised quoting, you can spend more time on billable hours, and less on the paperwork.
Powerful integrated tools for job management, time tracking, task and staff allocation to help you manage and quote more effectively. Reduce admin, save time and money so you can focus on the more important elements like growing your business.
Manage your cash flow, gain insights to improve quoting and time allocation, and streamline estimating and invoicing. Use the WIP manager to ensure no payments fall through the cracks and no time is left unbilled. Integrate seamlessly with your accounting software.
Using business intelligence you can track and report to gain real-time insights into your project and client profitability. Make better business decisions, quote accurately, and prioritise jobs. Identify poorly performing jobs quickly and devise strategies to fix them.
If you’re an architectural project manager or owner of a firm, this software will help you prioritise from quote to invoice and everything in between. You can manage, track and report on every aspect of every job for a better view of people, profit and performance.
The move to WorkflowMax and Xero means that account managers know a job is finished, they can bill it out straight away. It has really, really helped with our cashflow situation."Ian Moore Rock Kitchen Harris Learn more
“We needed a better system for managing clients. WorkflowMax handles everything from leads to quotes to purchase orders, saving us time to get on with the serious business of growing our IT company”Lance and Ross Retter Conquest Solutions Learn more
“We love its scalability. It has got so much scope and you want a system that is going to grow with you.”Landscape Designers Sticks and Stones Learn more
“WorkflowMax is the most awesome, fantastic, best bit of software we’ve used. We’ve saved over 20 admin hours a week implementing this system”Trevor Hughes Asset Management Engineers Learn more
“WorkflowMax allows me to go back to doing what I love - being an architect, not an administrator.”Cymon Allfrey Allfrey&South Learn more
“Xero and WorkflowMax have enabled us to take our business to the next level and that’s why we regularly recommend it to our clients.”Katherine O’Carroll BDO Learn more
Power up WorkflowMax’s project management prowess with over 30 software integrations available. From accounting to helpdesk tickets, document management, scheduling, reporting and CRM, we’ve got your entire business covered. Transform and streamline your version today.