Your relationship with the state occupies a special place within your personal environment. Its nature sets it up apart from all other social relationships: those related to gender…
Floods
As this is being written, South Asia is suffering from monsoon rains which turned out to be especially massive this year, while American states of Texas and Louisiana are being ravaged…
Hot and cold
Natural heat is the most evident climate factor. Most of us don’t enjoy wearing lots of layers of clothes. The less layers, the more free and natural we feel. However, many of us…
Human ability to adjust
Permanent human settlements can be found practically anywhere on Earth, except for central areas of the Arctic, Antarctic and high up in the mountains…
We need sunlight
hile a human being is not a photosynthetic type of organism, electric light cannot replace sunlight for us. The radiation of its spectrum is essential…
Suitable climate: an introduction
Probably all of us have a fantasy of a certain perfect place. The inhabitants of cold countries look in hope towards the warmer places, while those who live closer to equator…
Personal territory
A prison cell of an inmate serving a life sentence; cabin, deck and crew of a ship for a sailor; a yurt, family and tundra, stretching for hundreds of kilometers all around…
Searching for El Dorado
Throughout human history, tribes, nations and individuals moved around the planet in search of that land of plenty, their very own El Dorado. In the previous centuries…
Pure and dirty water
It is hard to imagine nowadays that you could drink pure water straight from the river. That’s because there aren’t many such rivers left in the world. Civilization keeps on spreading…
Microbial contamination of water
The greatest risk of microbial contamination is associated with water polluted by human or animal feces. Feces may initially contain or provide a medium for reproduction…
Chemical and radioactive contaminants in water
Natural water contains numerous chemicals. The concentration of some of them initially exceeds drinking water standards. However, in most cases, the danger arises when…
How much should we drink?
50 years ago only a doctor would bother to ask a question like this but today we all want to know the answer. We know it plays a key role in maintaining healthy lifestyle…