If you guess that a site you like uses WordPress, enter its address and hit the button. Our tool will analyze it for you and will display a whole lot of information about the WordPress theme and plugins being used. And more.
The links to download the Brave browser you´ll find in this post are referral links, as Brave browser is been currently promoted this way: if you download, install and keep using the Brave browser for over a month, you´ll be supporting our site because we will receive a referral...read more
There are a tons of ways to improve performance in WordPress. I had made several articles on how to improve performance but there are times when you just want good performance with minimal overhead, that is, the least amount of plugins and a safe method that can be easily...read more
We had reviewed Gutenberg in the past. If you haven’t seen our previous post about it, here it is. Gutenberg Editor has progressed since then and it’s now close to being released, so it’s time to review it again. There hasn’t been much change aside from more options added...read more
If you´re a regular visitor of this site, you already know about our Top WordPress Themes reports. They are automatically generated based only on statistics, using data obtained from all the site analysis performed by our WordPress Theme Detector tool. Our Top Themes report is therefore an unbiased way...read more
There are several ways you could optimize your images for better performance and usability. WordPress is not a champ regarding image manipulation; although you can tweak images once uploaded you can’t control the process, and there are several automated things that are not ideal and should be modified. Today...read more
Securing your WP Site is not always a job left to those who are expert system administrators. With some new tools, combined with a friendly hosting, you can do that by yourself and have a secured site without any outside assistance. Today I’m going to show you how to...read more