What could you achieve through overcoming fear of public speaking?
And most importantly, would you lose the sense of limitation, shame and frustration you carry through NOT speaking up?
We're born with the gift of voice. It's part of the universal human survival kit issued at birth and we're meant to use it!
We're born with the gift of voice
Allow me to help you, help yourself.
There is no rule stating you will be on permanent self-mute, or that attempting to speak in public will bring instant humiliation because you'll bumble, blush, babble and blurt.
Did you know the fear many people feel, is not actually public speaking fear at all?
It's fear of being set apart, judged and found wanting.
Of not being good enough.
By origin we are crowd creatures. We belong in groups: social, work and family, and within them we unconsciously know our place.
That historical imprint is in our DNA.
Getting up to speak in front of others, without training or practice, upsets our inbuilt 'safety in numbers' comfort zone.
Temporarily we're 'out' of the group.
And that separation launches all the uncomfortable physical manifestations and feelings commonly associated with public speaking fear:
|
|
Need I go on?
Standing in a spotlight on full glare triggers those responses, not speech itself.
It doesn't have to be like that.
write-out-loud.com is dedicated to providing you with the courage and knowledge to stand tall and be seen, to speak up, to let your voice be heard, to allow it to become the powerful vehicle of expression it was intended to be.
Public speaking is a skill, not an innate ability
Public speaking is a skill, not an innate ability. Just like any other skill you've acquired, it can be learned.
You'll find what you need here to give your words safe passage from heart and mind, to mouth and freedom.
Dive right in!
Click around the links in the menu at the top of the page.
You can start right now, beginning here.
Say goodbye to public speaking panic and say hello to eloquent, speaking-easy, you.
There's a 7 part free e-course called Letting go of Fear waiting for your sign up.
It's a compilation of all the best strategies I know for exchanging public speaking anxiety for can-do, will-do confidence.
Find out more about ridding yourself of public speaking fears without spending a dime (penny).
And if you want to, you can find out more about me.
Here I am, outside in the garden, sitting in front a pallet of bricks.
(Yes, they're destined for a DIY project - a work in progress, a little like me.)
What people say
"Can't thank you enough Susan for sharing some terrific ideas for my next speaking engagement. I am so excited now to deliver the presentation vs. being nervous and anxious over it. You have an incredible knack of targeting the audience needs. Thanks for sharing your time!"
Teri - USA - www.retainloyalcustomers.com
"Fantastic and very comprehensive site that is a joy to read. I too am a teacher, initially of Elementary school students and now of adults.I have taught children how to speak effectively in public, now to teach adults! Thank you for sharing this resource."
Deanne - Northern Australia
"I just wanted to say thank you for such a brilliant and easy to access website with phenomenal content. Often I will go to sites to learn "how to" and there is a dangle of an idea followed by a "sign up" or "pay for content". You however, are generous with your knowledge, experience, and learning. I just wanted to say thank you for being a teacher in the truest sense of the word.
Karen - Canada
"Dear Susan, Thank you once again for the new version of my speech and thank you for your advice which is highly appreciated. I frequently speak in public but seldom get any suggestions or comments, so all of that is great. Finally - you have been a great support and have also spent a lot of time - please send me your invoice!"
H. - CEO - Austria - after dinner speech celebrating a milestone anniversary of an international company
"This speech is perfect. I made some minor changes but this will work great. Thank you for being there for me. I wish I had your gift of making my memories make sense in writing."
Steve - USA -Custom Eulogy
"Susan, a tear dropped out of my eye when I read this speech. Not because, I felt emotional, but because I would not have come out with something like this. Thank you Susan. I will make sure I send you a copy of everything that will happen here. You are awesome. Talk later."
Maria - Uganda - Welcome speech for the opening ceremony of an international company
"I'm revising a college course on skills transferable to business. The lesson today was Public speaking - Voicing. Your site is fabulous! I was tempted to simply make a link to write-out-loud.com and leave it at that. Thank you for all the wonderful rich content and topic organization. You made my chore a pleasure."
Irene - Canada
"I just wanted to say I LOVE your site! I often work with clients in job search or networking, and they are not very good a presenting themselves. Your tips and exercises for developing better speech patterns are excellent, and I'll be using them to help others. Thanks for your awesome content!"
Lea - USA
"I am a tutor specializing in English as a Second Language to MBA students, law students, undergraduates and high school students, and I have just discovered your site. Kudos on building such a powerful resource for those struggling to build effective public speaking skills. I'll be directing my students to your website from now on!"
Ruth -USA