There are big audit opportunities at USAA
It's a very exciting time for USAA as we've rapidly grown to more than $155 billion in assets. With this tremendous growth, USAA has heightened opportunities, for highly talented audit professionals at an organization known for its core values and important mission. Every day we’re serving more military members and their families by offering highly competitive products and services. Join us and see just how far our mission, diversity of opportunities and career mobility can take you.
We currently have accelerated opportunities at both our San Antonio and Plano, Texas locations.
Transform your audit expertise into the opportunity of a lifetime
As an Audit professional, you’ll deepen and broaden your experience through exposure to a variety of USAA businesses. Working in a collaborative team environment, you’ll use and advance your business skills, knowledge and acumen to enhance the control environment across USAA. We encourage career mobility, value our employees and invest significantly in their training and development, including advanced degrees, professional designations and specialty certifications.
What we’re looking for
- 6+ years’ experience within either large retail bank, insurance and/or wealth management internal audit departments or
- 6+ years working as a federal regulator for banks (FDIC, OCC, Federal Reserve) with experience supervising large banks with assets > $80B or
- 6+ years working with a top-tier firm with experience auditing or consulting with large banks with assets > $80B
- Preferred designations include CIA (Certified Internal Auditor), CISA (Certified Information Systems Auditor), CFSA (Certified Financial Services Auditor) or other relevant business designation
- Knowledge of regulatory expectations
Live Large – Your way
San Antonio
Fun facts
-
7th-largest city in the U.S.
-
300+ days of sunshine & average temperature of 70 degrees
-
Top Texas attractions: The River Walk & The Alamo
Our San Antonio campus
USAA is the largest private financial services group in San Antonio. Nestled in Texas Hill Country, our scenic 286-acre campus includes nature jogging trails, soccer fields, a baseball diamond, tennis and basketball courts and two lakes. Other amenities include six cafeterias, three fitness centers, three on-campus Starbucks, a pharmacy, two wellness clinics and three company stores.
Our Location: San Antonio, TXView Map
Plano
Fun facts
-
Located 19 miles outside Dallas
-
Dallas-Plano-Irving is home to the largest urban arts district in the U.S.
-
Dallas-Plano-Irving ranked #3 best- performing city in 2017 by Milken Institute
Our Plano office
With 248,000 square feet, our two-building office offers a free employee gym, as well as three energize zones and a tranquil relaxation zone with a live plant wall. A collaborative spirit flourishes in our Plano office with colorful decor and open workspaces.