Your GP in Dublin City Centre
Walk in Clinic
Opening times from 7:30am-7:00pm**
** Times are varied. Closed on Sat & Sun.
Click here to see opening times.
GP Dublin City Centre
At GP Doc Capel Street Medical Centre we truly care about our patients. Our Dublin GPs are known to be extremely friendly as all doctors ensure to listen to patients' complaints and provide the best care possible. This has been greatly appreciated by our patients and allowed significant growth of our medical centre in the past two years. Feel free to have a look at how our GPs have been reviewed here: GP Doc Dublin Reviews.
At GP Doc we want to make GP Services more efficient, so we have put in a lot of effort to smoothen the booking process by allowing patients to book appointments online. We have also put as much information as possible on our website. Should you have any questions then you can always give us a ring at 01 549 6267 or fill out our contact form.
GP in the heart of Dublin
GP Doc Capel Street Medical Centre is conveniently located in the heart of Dublin, which makes it very easy for our patients to visit before or after work - or during a lunch break. We are located at 138 Capel Street in Dublin 1, close to the red Luas line and bus stops. Patients travelling to GP Doc Dublin City Centre by car can make use of street parking or nearby parking garages.
GP Services Dublin
Our Dublin City Centre GPs provide a wide range of medical services and are known to provide excellent medical care (GP Dublin Reviews). Our GP services range from general consultations to minor surgeries and cosmetic procedures. Here you can find a full list of GP Services in Dublin City Centre.
See a GP today
Get the care you deserve and make an appointment with one of our Dublin City Centre GPs today. Avoid long waiting times and book your appointment online by clicking on the button below.
GP Opening Hours
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Saturday
Sunday
7:30am - 7:00pm
7:30am - 5:00pm
7:30am - 4:00pm
10am - 5:00pm
7:30am - 5:00pm
Closed
Closed
Don't just take our word for it...
In Dublin City Centre
Located in the heart of Dublin, with excellent connection to public transportation.
Over 70 five star reviews
Our Doctors are known to provide great medical care, which has led to more than 70 five star reviews on Google!
Online Booking System
Booking a GP appointment has never been so easy, book an appointment on our website today.
Accepting New Patients
All new patients MUST book an appointment online. We cannot help you over the phone.
Our GPs in Dublin
Doctor Lawrence Lau
General Practitioner in Dublin
I am a keen learner, constantly looking for new ideas and improvement. With an obsession to get things done in the fastest and most efficient way possible. Being a GP with this crazy character has helped me to overcome many obstacles and tackle many challenges head on. I truly enjoy being a GP as every day is different and offers e the opportunity to meet people from all walks of life. Of course, without the support of my wife and 2 sons, I would not be where I am today. I moved to Ireland in Oct 2016 having previously worked as a GP at Nottingham Woodthorpe Hospital in the UK and was a full-time GP Partner at Bilborough Medical Centre and Assarts Farm Medical Centre from 2014-2016. Walk with me on my journey.
Doctor Chii Chii Lee
General Practitioner in Dublin
Mobile: 087 741 8330
Email: leechii8@yahoo.ie
Dr. Chii Chii Lee has 26 years experience practicing in Ireland. A graduate of UCD, 1990, Chii Chii is fluent in both English and Madarin. Dr. Lee offers a full range of GP services Monday to Friday between 9:45 and 2pm at Clare Street Medical Centre and then 2.30pm-5.30pm at Capel Street Medical Centre by appointment; on Saturday by appointment only. If you would like to arrange an appointment with Chii Chii please call her on +353 1 662 5050 or 087 741 8330. Her personal website is www.drlee.ie.