Company Profile
Beautiful Island and culture, Royal Tourism Service is a company with basic of service station with so many chooses tours, accommodations, MICE, Transportations, Activity and professional services combine with uniquely Indonesian Hospitality who makes your experience will more fun. Start from Passion, we can realize your dream will come true, we have motto “Bring Your Hapiness to The Next Level” is not only an ordinary word, our responsibility is to makes your new experience will ready to start.
TOURS
More than thousands people in this worlds are feels tired at their works or their daily activities, sometimes you needs holiday to recover your mood to be better. Holiday to Bali Island is one of best choice to taken. But a lot of travel agency in Bali sometimes can not be perfectly treat you like a special guest, here we are to make you believed that you are very special with our sevices!
MICE
MICE stands for MEETINGS, INCENTIVE, CONVENTION, and EXHIBITION. And if you are the person who looking for a company can handle your special events, Royal Tourism Services is one of the best answer and we are one hundred percent of Profesional Event Organizer in Bali, we start to handling event in Bali since 2014. We not only handling, but we will make your event to be more special caused you are not only a client, you are our guest star. So, You think it, We Make it.
ACCOMODATION
When you are holiday to Bali, we believed that every single things need to be well organized. One of the best thing when we holidays is Accomodation or place where we stay when we are holiday, with a lot of Nicest Accomodation chooses in Bali and not real as the picture, we will give you the best and worth choice of accomodation by our stay experiences, so it will be more recomendable for you feel comfort and satisfy by our Accomodation chooses.
TRANSPORTATION
So many Travel Agencies in Bali think that transportation service is only a service to makes the guest or clients moved from one place to another places, with this situation, we want to guarantee that our Transportation Service will makes you suitable and different with another transportation services. a lot of benefits is waiting for you. caused we are Royal Tourism Services.
Our Tours
Fullday Nusa Lembongan
VIEW TOUR
Family Package
VIEW TOUR
FULLDAY WEST AND EAST NUSA PENIDA
VIEW TOUR
Fun(Every)day
VIEW TOUR
Adrenaline Tour
VIEW TOUR
Simple Bali
VIEW TOUR
InstagramAble Tour
VIEW TOUR
The World is ours – Honeymoon Package
VIEW TOUR
mice
Wedding & Propose Package
Meetings
Gathering
Entertainment
Birthday
Transportation
Car Services
Boat Services
What are you waiting for? Click Reserve Button to book your Trip and Event.