Rocky Creek Equine FT opened in 2015. We started with doing lessons. As we became better known we started taking in outside horses for training. We now have 41 acres with a lighted riding arena, round pen, a pond to ride in and we are building trails through the wood on the property for training both rider and horse.
With the experience and knowledge from nearly 20 years of training I have a lot of passion for what I do. The passion of helping both horses and people to become a better team is strong and is what drives me. My first horse I bought from an auction. He is now 30 years old and still helping a young girl compete in barrel racing and being a true friend.
There is no time frame put on my training. Each horse learns at a different pace and cannot be rushed. I let the horse tell me when it is ready to move on to the next step. Treating each horse like a partner in a relationship is my way of bringing out the best in them. This method I feel helps to build that sought after bond most all riders look for. I learned to ride in the early 1990’s while in the military. When I moved to Texas in 1998 I found the true passion for riding. It was then I realized the wonderful feeling training horses gave to me. I had many great people to learn from. Through the years I picked up many bits of info and knowledge to develop my own style and methods for training horses. If I had to label my training method it would be "Everyday Horsemanship", nothing fancy just a common sence way of doing things. I adapt my methods to fit each horse as an individual. With treating each horse as an individual they get the best training for them. My goal with every horse is to have them become a good, safe partner and a good friend. Seeing the smiles when someone rides a horse I have worked with to me is the biggest compliment.
In 2017 I competed in a trainer challenge for the first time, Rally for the Rescues in Tennessee. It is like the Extreme Mustang Makeover but rescue horses are trained. I drew a Paso Fino mare. She was a lot of fun to work with and I took fourth place in the open division. I did the competition again in 2019 and drew a wonderful 3 year old Arab cross filly Kaya. She was so amazing and we won Grand Champion in the open division. The photo below is of Kaya and I the day of the finals in 2019.
I got to meet many amazing people and gained a lot of new friends while doing these competitions. It is always wonderful to see how many horse people are out there and getting to connect with new people helps to grow my knoweldge and understanding of not just the horse and training but all aspects of the horse industry.
Something I go by with all horses is, “How you handle your horse, is how your horse will handle you”.