Lloyds Property Maintenance Services Ltd is your LOCAL building contractor and our goal is to not only help you design and build your dream home or extension but to make the process an easy, exciting and enjoyable experience for you.
Contact us for project management and architectural advise, free quotations and free applications to apply for building regulations today !!
We offer a complete 'Design and Build Service' and we have our own professional 'in-house' architectural design service at your disposal to assist you with your design, if required.
We are qualified to help you with all phases of new construction or refurbishment work and we are fully conversant with the current Building Regulations and Planning Legislation.
We will guide you through the complete process from start to finish and also prepare and submit any planning and / or building regulations applications which may be necessary.
We have now developed an impressive list of satisfied clients who can be contacted independently to confirm the quality of our work, our attention to detail, our clear communication together with our honesty and integrity.
No project is too small and all our work is approached with equal enthusiasm and motivation -so please contact us for a FREE initial consultation and quotation.
Please also ask us for our list of references - we recognise that this is an important part of the contractor selection process.
Scope of our work
New Build Projects
Domestic Extensions / refurbishments
External Works / patios / driveways / fencing
Building Surveys
Architectural Design
Planning and Building Regulations Applications
Project Management / Site Supervision
Areas served
Caerphilly
Machen
Cardiff
Newport
About Us....
We would welcome the opportunity to earn your trust and deliver your project, On Time and Within Budget.....
Our company is based on the belief that our customers' needs are of the utmost importance. Our entire team is committed to meeting those needs. As a result, a high percentage of our business is from repeat customers and referrals.
Why not take advantage of our Free initial consultation and we will advise you on all the planning legislation and building regulations and how they affect your scheme.
We can then take you through the whole process and deliver the project for you....No hassle.....No drama!