The UK's largest software provider for Vehicle Leasing Brokers
Calas – industry leading vehicle leasing & management software
Calas has been in development for many years and is clearly the UK’s largest provider for providing both bespoke websites, deal & client management software to many established clients in the Motor Industry covering Dealer, Broker, Leasing and Finance.
Designed to save both time and money, using Calas correctly will put you ahead of your competitors giving you more time to talk to and sell to your customers whilst letting Calas take over all time-consuming aspects of client and lease management.
Our team has a wealth of experience, our aim is to work with you in partnership to help build your online strategy, ensuring you have the latest software and technology to connect with your customers.
Our continued investment ensures we push the boundaries of design trends and website functionality, add to this a great team of developers and you can be confident we can help you grow your internet business and sell more vehicles.
With our website we hope to give you an insight into Automotive Media Systems and the range of products and services that we supply. There are many aspects to IT, relating to the Motor Industry, which can be very confusing.
New innovations and technologies are continually becoming available and we will bring these to you in an understandable, easy to use & affordable manner.
By outsourcing your IT needs to Automotive Media Systems Ltd you can relieve the burden of choosing, implementing and supporting your IT requirements in a way that works for your business, in a cost effective way – allowing staff to focus on increasing turnover and helping to build your business.
The pledge from Automotive Media Systems Ltd is:
“We will keep in front of our competitors, allowing you to keep in front of yours”.
Benefits of CALAS
Looking for Car Leasing Software to run your leasing brokerage?
By using the power of the Calas system including the professionally designed public facing website, you can drive ahead of the competition.
You are not restricted to marketing just contract hire adverts, the system also allows you to market all types of finance all under one roof!
Email: support@calas.co.uk
Tel: 01253 364364
Company address:
Automotive Media Systems Limited
79 Victoria Road East
Thornton Cleveleys
Lancashire
FY5 5BU
Automotive Media Systems Limited T/As Calas.
Registered in England & Wales with company number : 05739238 | Data Protection No : Z9450511 | VAT No : 803 8945 14
Registered Office: 79 Victoria Road East, Thornton Cleveleys, Lancashire, FY5 5BU
Copyright © 2006 - 2020 Automotive Media Systems Limited, All rights reserved.