E85
Biodiesel
CNG & LNG
Propane
Electric and Hybrid
Ultra Low Sulfur Diesel
Clean Diesel Technology
Geothermal
Wind
Solar
Top U.S. News Stories
Upcoming Events
Media
Pollutants
Conservation Tips
Climate Change
E85 Pricing and Retailers Near You
Find E85 prices and retailers throughout Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Minnesota, North Dakota, South Dakota and Wisconsin.
Learn more...
E85 Price Forum
What Is Biodiesel
Biodiesel is an alternative fuel produced from vegetable oils or animal fats, and is cleaner burning that petroleum diesel.
Learn more...
Calculate the Advantage of Biodiesel
The Air
Learn about the choices you can make to protect our air quality & health. Also find reports on daily air quality conditions.
Learn more...
Clean Cities
Clean cities coalitions are voluntary organizations dedicated to encouraging the use of clean fuels and clean vehicle technologies.
Learn more...
Clean Energy
Learn how renewable energy technologies can help improve air quality and reduce our dependence on fossil fuels.
Learn more...
Learn More About The American Lung Association
The American Lung Association is the oldest volunteer health organization in the nation. Learn how we're fighting the nation's third leading killer?lung disease.
Learn more...
Upcoming Events
National Biodiesel Conference & Expo - Jan 18-21 - St. Paul, MN
MN Ag Expo - Jan 20-21 - Mankato, MN
View All Events
Clean Air Choice Student Contest
Congratulations to the winners of the Minnesota 2019 Clean Air Choice Biodiesel Scholarship Contest.
2019 MN Biodiesel Scholarship Contest
Learn more about the benefits of
biodiesel and the B20 Club
Current News
American Lung Association teams up with Firefly Transportation Services to Reduce Diesel Emissions in Ohio
DERA Grant Funding
The ALAUM is currently accepting applications for consideration under the current USEPA DERA Grant program.
More application information.
American Lung Association, Upper Midwest Region
490 Concordia Avenue
St. Paul, MN 55103-2441
Phone: 651-227-8014
Fax: 651-227-5459
Email:
cleanairchoice@lungum.org
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Use
|
LungUSA.org