Outstanding Service Since 1946
131 S. Newman St. Hackensack, NJ
Welcome to Universal Electric Motor Service! Our fully-equipped repair facility in Northern NJ has the capabilities of repairing a variety of motor-driven and pump equipment as well as ventilation equipment. For almost 70 years, we've been providing the Tri-State area with exceptional electro-mechanical sales, repairs, and on-site services. We invite you to browse our website to learn more about the products and services that we offer. You can visit our shop or we can come to you. Simply give us a call today to let us know how the Universal Electric Motor Service repair team can help!
Providing Solutions > Rely on Universal Electric Motor Service to give you a solution the first time.
Customized solutions to meet customer needs
Your problems solved correct the first time guaranteed
Factory trained repair technicians
All repairs are done at our fully equipped repair facility
Quality control documentation recorded for all repairs
Dedicated staff
24/7 response guaranteed
Pumps
Ventilation
Motors
Gearboxes
Rigging, removal, and installation
Corrective services and controls
Facility maintenance
Electrical contracting
Pumps
Electric motors
Variable frequency drives
Controls
Ventilation
The world is experiencing a crisis that is impacting our whole population right now in Covid-19. Nowhere in our country are we seeing a larger impact than the greater New York City area. Hospitals throughout the region are on the frontlines attacking a pandemic and adjusting their strategies every hour. Last week one of those hospitals reached out for our assistance. To help ensure the proper care for our citizens, they are working around the clock to convert many common operation rooms into ICU rooms for critical patients. We were called in to check the conditions on critical OR fans currently not in use that will be needed when these rooms are converted to ICU. Many of these units required us to change out motors and adjust pulleys and belts to ensure proper airflow under the requirements. Our service technicians worked to get everything done properly to do our part and assist this facility.
At Universal we're no stranger to crisis. After superstorm Sandy we worked around the clock to help our customers and our community get back on track. We are here to help in any way we can during the Covid-19 crisis and always will be there to help any way that we can.
"Pharmaceutical research labs are more important now than ever before, and we are here to repair their worst case problems. Recently, one large research plant had a boiler fan burn out on them and we immediately took action. From our outside service removing the 500hp motor, to bringing it back to our facility, then rewinding and complete repair of the motor, to reinstallation our customer didn't miss a beat in their critical work. With complete customer satisfaction, this is one example of the many jobs we get weekly here at Universal. Anytime, anywhere, any repair we are there for our customers."