The parliament in Pakistan unanimously approved the 'Zainab Alert, Response and Recovery' Bill 2019 on Friday. The draft law ...
Sunday, January 12, 2020
Monday, December 16, 2019
Pakistan: 5th anniversary of Army Public School tragedy
The 5th anniversary of the martyrdom of the Army Public School was celebrated today. The nation can never forget the bitter memories of the ...
Rape In India Statement | Will Not Apologize For Speaking Truth: Rahul Gandhi
Congress leader Rahul Gandhi of India's opposition party has refused to apologize in a recent statement in which he said that Narendra...
Why Pakistanis Aren't Buying Automobiles?
Pakistan has witnessed a sharp rise in car prices over the past year, which has seen a clear decline in the trend of people buying cars. L...
Saturday, December 7, 2019
A young girl dancer was allegedly shot when she stopped dancing on stage in India. She is undergoing treatment at the hospital. A girl ...
Wednesday, December 4, 2019
Biometric certification is mandatory for motorcycle and vehicle registration
Biometric registration will be necessary for Registration of a motorcycle or vehicle. According to the excise department, 80% of vehicles an...
Crypto Queen: A woman who looted billions and disappeared
Dr. Ruja used to tell people that she had invented a new crypto currency compared to Bitcoin, and that people should invest billions of doll...
DG ISPR Major General Asif Ghafoor: 'Pakistani Twitter users face difficulties in expressing support for Kashmir'
Major General Asif Ghafoor, Director General of the Pakistan Army's Public Relations (ISPR), said that Pakistani consumers are facing di...
Pakistan: Police investigate 'suicide' of two girls in Sindh province
Local police are investigating the alleged suicide of two girls in Thar, one of Pakistan's poorest areas. The bodies were found in the f...
Pakistan: Protest in Karachi after kidnapping of Dua Mangi
A protest was held in Clifton area of Karachi on Wednesday for the recovery of Dua Mangi. Family of Dua Mangi, Youth Action Committee, Me...
Tuesday, December 3, 2019
Saudi Arabia receives G-20 presidency
Saudi Arabia has become the first Arab country to become the president of the G20 group of the world's 20 largest economies and will als...
Punjab Govt to build Pakistan's second tallest building in Lahore
The Punjab government has decided to construct Pakistan's second tallest and the first tallest building in the province in Lahore, whose...
5 Things to teach your children to make the earth safer
The world in which we all live is in fact a prize given by God to mankind. Every single step we take to protect this earth will play an impo...
Irrelevant persons had access to security cameras of University of Balochistan | Female Students harassment Case
During the trial of alleged harassment of female students at the University of Balochistan province of Pakistan, the Chief Justice of the Ba...
Monday, December 2, 2019
120 days of Indian atrocities and the situation in occupied Kashmir
Admin December 02, 2019
It has been four months since the curfew imposed by India in occupied Kashmir. Military siege and sanctions continue for the 120th day in...