The pain a parent feels after raising a child for roughly 18 years only to become estranged is inconceivable.
Latest News
News
Nothing stops the church. Not hard times. Not persecution. Not even a pandemic.
Kids at Crossroads Treatment Center in Hardin County know for sure Elizabethtown Campus members Murrill and Darlene Kizer will bring all the f…
Susan Isaacs has no Christmas wish list. Maybe an end to COVID, but everyone wants that. She was already given the perfect gift. More than any…
Talk about a Christmas you can’t forget.
Columns
While Christmas shopping recently, I was reminded of a time-honored tradition: An experienced jeweler doesn’t casually lay a precious diamond …
Ask any random group of 10 older couples about their marriage, and half of them will probably say something like this: “We were high school sw…
Wow, 2020 is nearly done. I thought I might share some lessons learned, the year-end contemplations of a humble homesteader.
Early this year, as lockdowns began and businesses were temporarily (and many now permanently) shut down, I noted the distinctive of “necessar…
I remember growing up in the suburbs. We had many Christmas traditions. One of those was the careful, delicate task of setting up the manger s…
Everyone experiences great personal setbacks but not all “manage to live in and be enlarged by loss” writes Dr. Jerry Sittser in his profound,…
Adam Weber is the founder and lead pastor of Embrace, a multisite church in Sioux Falls, South Dakota. Weber is the author of “Talking With Go…
Latest e-Edition
Business Directory
Most Popular
Articles
- The most important question of Christmas
- The future of Christian marriage
- The rich fool
- 2020: Southeast catches the wind of the Holy Spirit throughout a year many would like to forget
- The Gift of Life: Martha Frazier donates kidney to save Susan Isaacs’ life
- Hope from the Homestead: Reflections on 2020
- Estranged Parents workshop begins Jan. 12
Images
Sorry, there are no recent results for popular images.
Videos
Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos.
Commented
Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles.