Malton Veterinary Services
Cawthorpe Veterinary Services
Your pets are loved ones of your family. That’s why we make it our goal to provide them with the veterinary care they deserve. If you are looking for veterinary services in Mississauga, Malton Veterinary Services is the right choice for you. Our services include dentistry, dermatology, complete medical assessments, spaying and neutering, orthopaedic surgery, pet grooming, cat boarding and more. As a full-service veterinary clinic, Malton Veterinary Services offers comprehensive wellness care, covering all aspects of your loved one‘s health, including nutritional counselling, wellness programs and routine check-ups.
Malton Veterinary Services
2901 Derry Road East, Mississauga
ON, L4T 1A6
Cawthorpe Veterinary Services
3635 Cawthra Rd., Mississauga
ON, L5A 2Y5
Personalized Veterinary Services
Each pet has its own unique needs. If you are concerned about your pet’s health, diet or energy level, our veterinarians can provide solutions through personalized services. Routine wellness care is the foundation for pet’s overall health. Also, regular veterinary check-ups can keep a track on your pet’s behaviour during stressful situations. Let us know if you have noticed any symptoms and we will do a thorough examination to determine the cause of your pet’s discomfort. We also provide preventive services like vaccinations to deter various pet diseases.
Since 1980, we have been providing veterinary services in Mississauga and surrounding areas. We also provide special supplements for your pet animal’s general wellness. Let us provide reliable veterinary care to improve and maintain your pets’ health while offering a convenient and friendly service to you. Book your appointment with us to schedule a veterinary service for your pet.
Take a Virtual Tour
Check out the images of our receptions area, exam room, pharmacy and lab, and surgery room.
Wellness and Vaccination Programs
All our wellness and vaccination programs are designed to prevent diseases and improve your furry friend’s health.
Complete Medical Assessment
Our professionals are knowledgeable and experienced to address to your pet’s medical conditions.