MEWS COTTAGE
- Holiday rental - near Bath -
- Sleeps 15 -
LUXURY SELF CATERING HOLIDAY
Near Bath,
Wiltshire UK
Sleeps 15
5 BEDROOMS
Sleeps up to 15 people
WELCOME BASKET
BASIC SUPPLIES
Garden, patio
& BBQ Area
two bathrooms
Our spacious and newly renovated accommodation offers a spectacular open plan kitchen, breakfast bar and living area with bi-fold doors opening onto the mature cottage garden. The house benefits from a separate dining room with seating for 12 - 14 people. This leads into a cosy snug, and office area with work space for 4 people, with games, toys and books.
There are five tastefully decorated bedrooms along with two bathrooms, including a family bathroom and a downstairs shower room. On the ground floor you will find a utility area with washing machine and tumble dryer.
At the rear of the property guests can enjoy the mature, southwest facing garden. This enclosed space boasts patio seating for 15, a large BBQ and hammock for those sunny days.
Situated just 1.5 miles from the gorgeous Cotswold town of Bradford on Avon and with the UNESCO world heritage City of Bath located only 25 minutes away by car, we are well situated for exploring the local area. Local attractions include Longleat, The Kennet and Avon Canal, Bath Skyline walk, Roman Baths, Southwick Country Park, Stonehenge and Stourhead National Trust house and gardens.
RECENT GUEST REVIEWS
"When we first arrived at the house we were blown away by how beautiful, clean and homely it felt. So much attention had gone into the little details (like the breakfast supplies and freshly stocked tea, coffee & milk etc) which made it feel extra special and welcoming".
"We had a wonderful time staying here for a girls weekend with 10 of us! Beautiful garden and lovely cosy house, 25 minute drive into Bath city centre made for a great long weekend stay!".
"Beautiful cottage, thoughtful touches and great hospitality. 20min train from Bath - location is great. Our party had such a nice time relaxing in the house - would definitely recommend for people looking for a lovely house to stay with friends".
Find out more about the wealth of local attractions in Bradford on Avon, Bath and Wiltshire.
We have a wide range of facilities at Mews Cottage, to ensure that every stay is extra special.