Investing for
The benefit’s mutual
At NBS Ventures, we look for inspirational teams who are developing solutions that could benefit Nationwide’s members and society as a whole. We’re based in London and Swindon, and invest globally in companies at Seed and Series A investment stage.
We achieve more together
Nationwide Building Society is a mutual organisation, which means we’re not owned by shareholders, but by our customers - we call them our members. We don’t just believe in the power of the collective. We embody it. We are a community of 15 million members and it’s why we invest in start-ups. We invest early and for the long term, supporting great companies, then doing things together that neither of us could alone.
Our portfolio
Since our launch in June 2018 we have invested in 11 businesses.
acasa is a platform that enables shared households to easily pay all their bills and manage their household finances in one place
Scaled Insight are applying human and behavioural insight deployed through artificial intelligence to Financial Services, Insurance and Health sectors
Percent help you raise money for the causes you care about, for free, by spending with Percent retailers.
10x develop next-gen, cloud-native core banking infrastructure. Enabling timely, relevant and personalised customer experiences.
Hazy generates synthetic data that you can drop straight into your existing workflow to improve your fraud detection and risk models
Ordo is building an ecosystem to allow billers to issue requests for payment, and payers to respond, paying directly from their bank account
BankiFi enables banks to offer their business customers a suite of additional accounting services, through one API
Form3 provide cloud-native, real-time payment technology, allowing customers to access multiple payment schemes and move money
Moneyhub allows users to take control of their financial situation, access all their data in one place and improve their financial wellbeing
Bunk is a digital lettings agency using the latest technology, including Open Banking, to help improve the rental market for both landlords and renters
Switchd saves you money by checking energy tariffs every day and automatically switching you when there’s a better deal
Meet the team
Alex Bannister
Director of Strategic Partnering
Alex's objective is to accelerate business outcomes through innovation, venturing & partnering. He brings a wealth of experience as a leader of change for Nationwide in Marketing, Customer Analytics, Business Units and more. His fascination with insight and innovation stems from his early career as an economist trying to predict consumer behaviour. Probably seen cycling the hills of Oxfordshire when not supporting venturing opportunities.
Pete Hamilton
Venture Partner
Pete heralds from Bath and has no respect for mealtimes; he eats sandwiches and commercial models for breakfast. He’s traded corporate strategy for start-up business plans to lead commercials for NBS Ventures, having been in retail banking for 10 years.
Samuel White
Venture Partner
Samuel has spent much of the last twelve years obscured by giant monitors as he disappears down research rabbit holes. Heading up NBS Ventures’ research activity and sourcing investment opportunities gives him the opportunity to explore his natural curiosity for new industries, ideas and technologies. A family man, Samuel’s fascinated by businesses that strive to improve the world, both now and for future generations.
Lois Ollerenshaw
Venture Partner
Lois was playing video games before she could walk and loves all kinds of cool tech, so leading engagement with start-ups for NBS Ventures is a dream gig. She’s passionate about how fintech can help tackle societal challenges, and can often be found making new friends at events.
Get in touch
We love to connect with early stage start-ups that share our passion and belief in the power of the collective. If this sounds like you, or you’re interested in what we’re doing, drop us a line.
hello@NBSVentures.co.uk
Nationwide Building Society,
Nationwide House,
Pipers Way,
Swindon
SN38 1NW