LIFE IS ABOUT FEELING GOOD.
AND YOUR INVESTMENTS SHOULD, TOO.
|
This isn’t your typical wealth management company.
Because we’re not just about managing wealth. We’re about feeling good. It’s your goals and aspirations that define what feeling good means to you. And we know that helping you achieve them is where the real investment is.
So, if you think that building and managing wealth is only about money, think twice. Because life is about feeling good and your investments should, too.
Welcome to Feel Good Investing™
WHO WE ARE
As Investment Advisors, we know that the only thing that matters is managing your wealth in a way that benefits your life: your wants, your needs, and ultimately, your life goals. This team has been carefully crafted to ensure that we can help you stay on track and, most importantly, feeling good about your investments.
Bonnie Barnes-Tracey,
Investment Advisor, Portfolio Manager
Tel: (604) 661-2381
Email: bonnie.barnes-tracey@cibc.ca
More than 20 years ago, I entered this business because I witnessed the profound effect that careful wealth planning can have on your overall wellbeing. I built a practice with one goal in mind: to simplify your life in a way that allows you to achieve what really matters.
With a comprehensive plan and a carefully customized wealth solution in place, you’re able to feel good about your investments so you can get back to living the life you’ve always dreamed about.
Kamal Sidhu,
Client Associate
Tel: (604) 331-5137
Email: kamal.sidhu@cibc.ca
As the newest member of Bonnie’s team, I’m excited to build lasting relationships with our clients. Having a strong sense of family gives me a greater understanding of what’s important – knowing that it always feels good when you know that your family is well looked after.
In my day–to–day activities, this means helping our clients have a sense of security, knowing that someone is always working hard to see their investments grow. Having completed a undergraduate degree in Economics with a minor in Political Science, my life outside of work now consists of studying towards my Masters in Financial Management degree. Beyond that, you will find me enjoying a good book and my yoga practice. I very much look forward to getting to know you.
Caitlin Tracey,
Administrative Associate
Email: caitlin.tracey@cibc.com
As the newest member of Bonnie’s team, I’m excited to build lasting relationships with our clients. I am an administrative assistant, ensuring great customer service. Constantly working to further my education and skill base, I am currently attending Simon Fraser University working towards my business degree. Outside of work and school I enjoy painting and infrared yoga that has taught me the power of daily positivity and kindness.
How we help
We have a different way of thinking that can be effective in any market cycle. Our goal is to create a strategy that helps even our most conservative investors lock-in profits and get the income they require. Our “Chicken, Rooster and Egg” investment philosophy works with the idea that chickens produce eggs, which you can think of as the income most Canadian investors need to live comfortably. We buy roosters for clients looking for growth to build wealth, but if you were to buy roosters and needed income, you would have to sell the rooster to produce the required income regardless of the price. Read more >>
|
Simplify.
|
After we establish a plan that supports your financial wants and needs, we simplify things for you so you’re able to focus on what’s important in life. We understand that our most important job is to ensure that what you have is well protected and what you want is at the forefront of what we do.
|
Customize.
|
We all have a different idea of what ‘feeling good’ means and we work hard to customize a wealth solution to ensure that it gives you what you need. For some, having a certain level of income may be what’s necessary, and for others, purchasing growth investments to build wealth is where it’s at.
|
Feel good.
|
Ultimately, feeling good about your investments gives you the freedom and peace of mind to live the life you had in mind. We understand that building and managing wealth is so much more than money, and we’ll work hard to ensure that you have what you need to feel good about life, too.
|
What clients say
At the end of the day, we know our real investment is in helping you achieve the goals that make life feel good for you. Here’s a few things our clients had to say about us:
“I had no idea that investing could feel this good. Bonnie and her team helped us identify what life needs and goals were important for us and put a successful plan together that we felt good about. Today, we have what we need and we’re able to live our best life.”
CFO, Burlington, ON
“Bonnie has been an excellent advisor for us since 2002. We have dependable cash flow in retirement, and excellent performance on our investments at a risk level we like. She always advises with tax planning in mind, she dealt wisely with an inheritance, and she helped us put in place good vehicles for future dispersion of our estate. Bonnie is at work in her Vancouver office each day by 7 am when the Toronto stock market opens. That’s how much she loves her work! And that’s another reason we appreciate and trust her."
Retired Executive, Vancouver, BC
“I can say that I never worry about the investments you handle for me, for I recognize the passion that you have in helping me and others. You have always been there for me, financially, and I feel good about what you do for me for so many years and how personal you make it. The personality touch is the key.”
Retired Manager, Mission, BC
“Every time I look (which is only occasionally) our WG net worth goes up, thanks to you. It’s so nice to feel we can splurge when we feel like it, even on little things like the 407 toll when the 401 is a mess. Or lots of dinners out. For years, we have always scrimped and saved. Now I feel easier about spending, and think of you."
Retired Writer, Georgetown, ON
|
What we do
Having a carefully crafted team of wealth professionals at our fingertips allows us to customize a solution that works for you. Here’s the services we offer:
- Comprehensive financial planning
- Customized wealth solutions
- Charitable giving & foundations
- Asset allocation strategies
- Estate planning
- Retirement planning & execution
- Insurance planning
- Intergenerational wealth transfer
- Tax planning and minimization strategies
Our Integrated Partners offer:
- Commercial banking
- Private banking
- Mortgage lending
- Trust & Estate services
- Business succession
- Advisory service
- Wealth & tax strategies
- Ultra High Net Worth Wealth Advisory services