#1 Pharmacy
in Hyderabad
Welcome to the leading pharmacy store of Hyderabad that aims at making healthcare delivery simple, accessible and affordable.
Why Shanti Ganga Medical Hall ?
Allopathy
At Shanti Ganga Medical Hall, we ensure that you get high-quality and the wide array of Allopathy medicines including antibiotics, blood pressure medications, diabetes drugs, migraine medications, chemotherapy, pain relievers, muscle relaxers, antibiotics, etc. at an affordable price.
Surgical
Shanti Ganga Medical Hall carries the widest range of wholesale medical products, not just pharmaceutical but also surgical products. Shop our finest medical supply offerings from sutures and syringes to testing kits, medical examination gloves, surgical blades and handles, equipments, lubricants, and more! All of them under one roof!
Ayurvedic
We also believe in the thousands of years old miracles of natural cures. Therefore, providing the 100% authentic Ayurvedic products and medicines, herbal medicines, health supplements, natural cosmetics, natural therapies, nourishments and supplements. Sneak out the best deals and discounts on these rare doses of our divine land.
Lowest Rates Guaranteed
Life Saving Drugs
Availability of life saving- emergency drugs to sustain life and prevent further complications because your life is our first priority!
HIV Medicines
Shanti Ganga Medicall Hall stocks all the latest HIV/AIDS medications, including antiviral drugs, antiretroviral drugs and growth factors.
Vaccines
Consider us as a preferred provider for your vaccine because we ensure you get the best quality at an affordable prince at your convenience.
Surgical Needs
You can get all the basic and advanced surgical tools and instruments from us at wholesale prices.
Generic Medicine
Generic medicines use the same active ingredients as brand-name medicines and work the same way, so they have the same risks and benefits as the brand-name medicines
FAQ
Where is your store located?
Shanti Ganga Medical Hall
4-6-492/2&3, esamia bazaar
koti, Hyderabad-500027.
How can I get in touch with you?
Website link: https://www.shantiganga.com
Email Address:
Online order on
Phone number 9248121211
Can i get a home delivery ?
Get everything you need at Shanti Ganga Medicall Hall from the comfort of your home and we will take care of the rest! We will ensure that the medicines reach your doorstep without a hitch.
Your health is in safe hands!
Can tell us about your Medical Hall ?
We with a dynamic legacy of over 50 years in the pharma business, it comes as no surprise that Shanti Ganga Medicall Hall is the first choice of Hyderabad.
Lt. Mr. Phool Chand Kanodia started serving society in 1967 and later passed on the dedicated services to be rendered by his son Mr. Ajay Kanodia and his sons Jayesh Kanodia and Deepeksh Kanodia.
Now they as a team is putting their efforts in impacting lives in a simplified yet vital manner!
What Can We Help You With?
For more info fill out the form or call us at 9248121211