NOTE FOR ALL PATIENTS - NEW AND EXISTING
We are now closed until Monday 11 January 2021 for the Christmas/New Year break.
Unfortunately, Allan is not able to accept any new podiatry patients at present and we are sorry that we are unable to help you.
For existing patients, we are currently booked out until April 2021 with many patients already making appointments through to January 2022. Messages cannot be left on our phone during the break but if you wish to contact us, please email.
Appointments with Bunny, our Nurse Practitioner/Diabetes Educator, are available on Wednesdays during 2021.
THIS IS ... QCITY PODIATRY AND HEALTHCARE
As we produce detailed information on the sections below, we will provide links on the images for you to read further.
Currently, Bushwalking and Orthotics have further information. Please click on the images to read more.
Embarrassed about your toenails? Don't be - it won't be anything we haven't seen before. We are happy to assist with your general footcare.
Do you enjoy the outdoors - bushwalking, climbing, orienteering? Come and see us for an assessment of your feet and footwear.
Our program is unique in dealing with Plantar Fasciitis - and it works! No orthotics required.
Concerned about the way your baby's feet are growing? Are you worried your children may be walking incorrectly? We can put your mind at rest.
We are able to give you a comprehensive diabetic foot screening including Doppler assessment.
We do conservative treatment as well as nail surgery and removal.
CORNS, CALLUSES AND WARTS
We can manage your corns, calluses and warts and are
happy to deal with them.
We'll check your gait to see if a biomechanical assessment is required.
If you have a foot wound or ulcer, we can help you resolve it to the best possible outcome.
For both young and older althletes, we'll keep you moving in the right direction.
Do you need orthotics? Are you wearing the right shoes for the job? We can advise on whether you need orthotics and different footwear for your requirements.
It doesn't matter what your foot problem is, let us help you resolve it.