Come Fly With Us
Whether it's becoming a private or professional commercial pilot or flying for your first time, M&S Aviation has you covered. We are excited to offer aviation services in Lebanon Missouri. Please navigate our site to find more information about our services. Then feel free to contact us with further questions or to schedule your flight. If you get our voicemail, please leave a message and we’ll get back to you. Thanks for flying by. Happy flying!!
Flight Training
M&S Aviation connects you with a professional flight instructor so you can get airborne today! Our professional flight instructors have many years of flight experience performing different types of flying over their careers. Now they are ready to pass on their extensive aviation knowledge to you through individually training. Lets fly today!
Discovery Flights
Our Discovery Flights are fun and educational. When you arrive at the airfield the aircraft will have already been prepared for flight. During a discovery flight, you will be interacting directly with your professional flight instructor on the ground and on the flight they'll coach you to fly our airplanes through the air. Discovery flight is $100. Contact us today!!
Aircraft Rental
Signup/Login today! Online calendar for booking your flight! The fastest way online to setup your adventure. Weather you are a Pilot or Student Pilot, let M&S Aviation take you to the skies. Any questions, Please email, call, or text.
About M&S Aviation
M&S Aviation provides a safe, affordable, and reliable flight training for you to learn to fly. If you have ever dreamed of soaring through the sky, or if you aspire to one day become a professional pilot, then M&S Aviation can work with you to help you reach your goals!
At M&S Aviation, our staff of knowledgeable and highly experienced flight instructors will guide you along your path to become a safe FAA Certified Pilot. We will meet your flying goals and make it fit your busy schedule while keeping you focused on getting your FAA certificate. Whether you want to fly as a recreational pilot, or you aspire to be a commercial pilot, M&S Aviation will provide you with the required training and individual flight instruction so you can get the most out of your flight training experience.