Experience the finest in budget-friendly living at Spring Valley Apartments in Little Rock, Arkansas. Our community offers a variety of distinctive one and two-bedroom floor plans and several on-site amenities, including a sports court area, saltwater swimming pool, and picnic and BBQ grill area. Additionally, Spring Valley Apartments is conveniently located near several options for shopping, dining, and entertainment. We hope that you choose to make our community your long-term place of residence; however, we also offer short-term and corporate apartments for temporary accommodations. If you are looking for the ultimate in affordable apartment living, come home to Spring Valley Apartments.
Now Leasing – Call (501) 476-6806
Convenient City Living
Providing you with a central location directly along Interstate 30 and near Interstates 430 and 630, Spring Valley Apartments offers the best in Little Rock living. Not only is our community a short walk from the University of Arkansas at Little Rock campus, but the area features plenty of dining, shopping, and entertainment opportunities. Foodies will marvel at the selection of cuisine found along Asher Avenue, which is home to local establishments like Mike’s Café and Jazzi’s. Shopping has never been easier with Harvest Foods, Kroger, Walgreens, and K-Mart all in the immediate area. Plus, Spring Valley Apartments is surrounded by plenty of green space for exercising, socializing, or simply getting away from it all. Soak up everything Little Rock has to offer when you reside with us!
Extraordinary Lifestyle
Near I-30, Benton, Bryant and Downtown Little Rock
Professional and Friendly Management Team
24-Hour Emergency Maintenance Team
On-Site Courtesy Officers
Sparkling Saltwater Swimming Pool
Sports Court Area
Picnic Tables and Grills to Enjoy in the Courtyard
Two Convenient Clothes Care Centers
The Heart of Little Rock
Staying true to the stylish lifestyle you deserve.Select Your Future Home
8701 I-30, Arkansas,
-
Little Rock, AR 72209
Ride With Uber
Spring Valley
8701 I-30, Arkansas,
Little Rock, AR 72209
Map It