Cross Functional Team Included:
Product Owners
Technical Project Managers
Business Analysts
Software Engineers
Data Engineers + Data Scientists
UX Designers
OVERVIEW
The redesign and launch of SPG.com involved taking an established, billion dollar brand to the next level by incorporating both new tools and a refreshed creative direction for an enormous site that visually hadn’t changed much in seven years. This involved creating a new program for travel professionals that was unprecedented in the hospitality industry, along with the supporting digital content and booking flows that came as a result of sunsetting five existing websites and rolling the information into SPG. Also the introduction of highly personalized messaging, navigation, and experiences were key to catering to a variety of user types.
TEAM
Creative Direction: Stephen Gates & Trina Cintron
Sr. Digital Art Director: Joel Savitzky
Digital Art Director: Elizabeth Miller
Information Architects: Chris Judlowski, Vicki Splaine, & Kelly Collet
Copy Writing: Tish Cook & Jim Moen
Product Owners: Monica Uribe-Wallin & Hadley Allen
Duration: 1 year (Feb 2014 - March 2015)
2016 MHCI Capstone Project
PROJECT BRIEF
Research, design and prototype a customer-centric experience with strong UI that pairs customer behaviors with intelligence that improves Bank of America’s customers’ financial life. Final solution should explore different platforms such as mobile, connected devices etc.
TEAM
Elizabeth Miller — Project Manager/Team Lead
Michael Anderson — UX Engineer
Raghav Anand — UX Designer
Alicia Silvano — Lead UX Researcher
Dan Shilov — Visual Design
Duration: 8 months (Jan 2016 - August 2016)
Flag Photo credit: Joshua Nathanson
Duration: 4 months (Feb 2016 - May 2016)
Platform: Desktop and Mobile Applications
Faculty Advisors: Jodi Forlizzi and John Zimmerman
Team: Michael Anderson, Prachi Laud, and Elizabeth Miller
Summary: The goal of this project was to design web applications that facilitated and encouraged parents to discuss finances with their pre-teen and teenage children. At the time I started on this project, a lot of the initial research had already been completed. I worked with a team of three CMU students to refine the two chosen concepts through iterative sketching, design, development, and testing to build an MVP. This project was sponsored by PNC Bank.
CASE STUDY
Black Box Travel is a mobile app for high-end, last minute travelers.
PROBLEM
Choice can be overwhelming, especially when it comes to travel. Some may relish advance planning with endless scrolling through lists of hotels, flights, site-seeing activities, and figuring out how to redeem those miles, but our key-demo simply doesn't have the time. Existing all-inclusive packages are touristy and lame, not to mention restrictive.
SOLUTION
By entering a few key preferences like climate, hotel, and activities through an interactive survey, users are presented with two all-inclusive, personalized packages. Plus the app provides a level of spontaneity whereby there are two great options presented both at booking and throughout the trip for local restaurants and activities catered especially to surprise and delight the user, allowing them to choose their own adventure as they go.
Duration: 1 Week
CONTEXT
This was developed as a part of an intensive week-long User Experience Workshop through the New School and General Assembly. I worked with a team of six, my role included helping with prototyping, sketching, user research, persona development, and the final UI Design.
Class: Service Design with Jodi Forlizzi, CMU
Team: John DeGore, Lizzie Miller and Jacqueline Young
Duration: 2 months (Fall 2015)
TASK:
The focus of this project involved creating a human-centered future service concept for drivers and passengers using the car as a platform for the Internet of Things.
Nowadays the average car as at least 60 sensors installed, but that number will likely double in the next few years. But what does this mean for drivers? How, where and for what purpose all this rich data is collected and leveraged will define the future of the vehicle experience.
METHODS:
Survey, Interviews, Speed Dating, User Enactments, and Wizard of Oz
CASE STUDY
Style Snag Mobile App
PROBLEM
As a fashionable New York girl, it occurred to me that there really is no good place for finding the best retail sales near by, especially when it comes to avoiding the crowds and finding the best discounted designer merch.
SOLUTION
Style Snag is an iOS app for finding retail sales near you based on crowd-sourcing peer reviews of the best local sample sales, special events, clearance, and retail sales. Users can rate the sale, the crowd, and upload photos.
It's like Yelp with a high fashion twist.
CASE STUDY
The United Dance Merchants of America
PROBLEM
The UDMA (United Dance Merchants of America) is an organization that supports businesses in the dance industry through a variety of marketing efforts, the most notable being an annual trade show for dance professionals that travels to cities around the country.
However, their previous website was fixed width and not mobile-friendly, leading to a bounce rate of over 50%. Analytics showed that their growing online audience was over 30% mobile and projected to be close to 50% by the end of 2013.
SOLUTION
I designed a completely new UI on a fully responsive framework. By using a 12-column grid with modular elements that resized and rearranged themselves on different devices we were able to create a cohesive cross-platform experience.
I also conducted a series of qualitative user testing, including surveys and moderated sessions with real users, we were able to inform and validate design and copy decisions.
RESULTS
By focusing on strong, concise calls-to-action and the efficiency and flow of the registration form, we were able to grow online registrations by 11-20% for each event while lowering the bounce rate by 10%.