Worldwide Connectivity
Access our network of over 900 carrier connections and send your messages anywhere in the world through our SMS GATEWAY.
Discover our prices among the lowest in the market, without commitment and unlimited lifetime !
@ starting from 0.10 Euro/SMS.
We offer International SMS for USA, Canada,Puerto Rico, UK, Australia, Austria, China, Finland, Germany, Hong Kong, Hungary, Ireland, Lithuania, Mexico, Netherlands, Norway, Pakistan, Poland, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland.
To Check the Worldwide SMS Rates CLICK HERE.
Try our demo and get Free 10 Credit CLICK HERE
Bulk SMS Reseller Provider In India
SMS MYNTRA has come up with its SMS Services and it is meant for Precious Clients across the Globe. In recent times SMS Marketing is considered as the topmost decision relating to the upgrading of tactics of success. Our mass SMS service is regarded as one among the many proficient ways of sending images to the customers.
We have emerged in the form of leading Bulk SMS Reseller and have tailored our services by State-of-the-art expertise. A number of Bulk SMS Reseller Provider In India are emerging every now and then and providing a tough competition. With the view of standing out in the form of an apex Bulk SMS Reseller in India, we have decided to emphasis on Quantity as well as Quality related to mass messaging. The marketing policies of our company are comprised of all liable strategies and are remarkably mature.
We focus on the fulfillment of the requirement of the client and this is the reason why we have opted to begin customary SMS Door Service. Our company believes in giving backing to the customers for incorporation of our whole SMS along with Database and CRM. We possess most flexible and extraordinary Reseller features.
Bulk SMS Reseller Business in India
We are a part of the industry for the past seven years and are lucky to possess innumerable satisfied clients. SMSMyntra made up of motivated people who are striving hard towards the improvisation of our features. We have the best plan to start Bulk SMS Reseller Business in India and all over the Globe.
Our features and pricing related to bulk SMS reselling is entirely result-oriented. We also provide you with an opportunity to begin your own messaging business with us. The designing of our SMS costing is done as per your volume. SMSMyntra, in the form of Bulk SMS Reseller Provider In India are oriented towards growing our clients from Different Countries.
The sms bundles offered by us are for all and are not particularly based on any kind of client status. Our bulk sms reseller plan is simple and is not inclusive of messy terms and conditions. SMSMyntra also give you the chance to form sub reseller when you tune up as a reseller with us. We give you guaranteed earning and indisputable income. Our Plans has the most appreciating and unique reseller features. Hence we are regarded as most trusted Bulk SMS Reseller Provider In India.
The mass SMS reseller plan offered by us includes technical support at all time. We also give out great discounts along with special pricing on our products. We levy no charges for instant beginning of white label website.
As the Finest Bulk SMS Reseller in India an other countries, we give out limitless SMS resellers as well as customers facility to our clients worldwide. Furthermore our policies related to SMS marketing is remarkably mature and is inclusive of all strategies to make our company stand in an outstanding way in Bulk SMS Reseller Business. We believe in giving our assistance to our customers for incorporation of our entire sms with their database. We provide guarantee for the best kind of facilitation to make your business successful.
Try SMS Marketing With Us And Get Impressive Results In Terms Of Improved Sales And Loyalty Of Your Customers
Companies Often Hire Support Of Large And Expensive Marketing Services To Advertize Their Products. Large Companies Can Easily Invest In TV Ads And Other Expensive Ways Of Promoting Their Products And Business. Such Options Are Not Quite Feasible For The Small Business Owners. They Invest In Poster Ads And Other Cost-effective Promotional Solutions. What Many Business Owners Avoid Is SMS Marketing, Which Is Quite An Effective Marketing Technique. As A Reputable Promotional SMS Provider, SMS Myntra Has Found That Promotional Messages Can Help Business Owners In Generating Larger Leads. You Can Gain More Customers For Your Business Without Investing A Large Amount In The Promotion.
Why Us ?
A Promotional SMS Provider, Who Takes Affordable Charges And Provides Bulk SMS Every Day, Is Probably The Best Choice For Your Business. SMS Myntra Is Such A Service, Where We Cost Less And Offer More. Our Messaging Charges Are Quite Affordable And Anyone Can Register On Our Service To Enjoy The Features. We Have Offered A Very Simple Registration Process Through Which You Can Register Yourself To Our Messaging Service And Start Sending Promotional Messages.
Recognize The Importance Of Transactional SMS
Have You Ever Bought Any Product Online Or Used Online Banking Service? You May Have Received A SMS Right After Making The Transaction, In Which The Authorized Service Would Be Informing You About Your Action. Such Kind Of Messages Is Called Transactional SMS, Which Are Used To Inform The Users About Their Purchase, Transaction And Other Actions. It Includes Sender’s ID, Facility Of Delivering The SMS 24-7 And The User Can Send It On Both DND And Non-DND Numbers. SMS Myntra Is Working As The Leading transactional Sms Provider Service, Through Which You Can Send The Transactional Messages To Your Customers.
Why Should You Send The Transactional SMS?
What Makes Your Customers Believe That You Are A Reliable Service Provider? It Can Be The Quality Of Product, The Way You Service, And Several Other Things, But The Customer Realizes It After Several Days. A Transactional SMS From Your Company Can Ensure Your Customer That He Or She Has Dealt With A Reliable Service. Such Kind Of Messages Is Mostly Sent By Banks And Other Financial Companies. SMS Myntra Is A transactional Sms Provider, Which Allows Business Owners To Create The Transactional Messages And Send Them To The Customers.