“YES…It’s safe to go to the Dentist!”
As we begin performing routine dental care, you can be assured that our commitment to our patients’ safety and well-being remains our top priority. Dentistry was safe before the COVID-19 outbreak, and it remains safe after. Dental treatment rooms are cleaned with bactericidal and virucidal cleaners before and after each patient visit.
We utilize surface barrier protection to prevent germs from spreading. All instruments are heat sterilized. In addition to utilizing many disposable products, we wear Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) for the safety of our patients.
Since the pandemic began, additional Infection Protection and Control Guidelines were developed by the Royal College of Dental Surgeons of Ontario in collaboration with the Ontario Ministry of Health. In accordance with new guidelines, we have been taking additional safety measures to protect our patients and our team. These include:
We want you and our team to always feel comfortable and safe in Floss & Smile Dental Practice!
We look forward to seeing you soon!
Dr. Romanovsky
Floss & Smile Dental Practice is your trusted dental practice in Woodbridge. From teeth whitening to basic cleaning, you can rely on us for general dentistry, restorative dentistry, cosmetic dentistry, and more. At our clinic, we provide a variety of dental care services to suit your family’s needs, all in a patient-friendly, warm, and relaxing environment.
Our highly experienced and certified dentist takes the utmost pride in providing you with an ideal dental experience. We would love to know our patients! We are conveniently located on Weston Road and have been serving the Woodbridge community for a long time.
Great People and Great Service
“This is the best dental clinic I have ever been to. Great people and great service. They always seem to strive to make every visit as good as possible”
-Brent H.
To read more or write a review, please visit our Google Reviews page.
Premium Dental Care for the Whole Family
Our family-friendly dental practice caters to the dental needs of individuals and families in Woodbridge. You can count on us for a comprehensive range of dental services. We can help you with:
We specialize in dental veneers. Veneers are thin, tooth-coloured shells designed to cover the front surface of the teeth. These custom-made shells are cemented to the front of the teeth to change their colour, shape, and size. Veneers can either be made from porcelain or resin-composite materials. Porcelain veneers are more suitable as they resist stains better and mimic the light reflecting properties of natural teeth.
Why Choose Floss & Smile Dental Practice?
We strive to meet all your dental needs in an inviting and family-friendly environment. Our team has experience in treating anxious or nervous patients. Patients who visit us will be treated with the utmost respect, professionalism, and compassion. Here are the reasons for you to choose us:
Professional and friendly staff
Emergency appointments available
Eco-friendly dental office
We submit your insurance claims on your behalf
Take good care of your teeth for life with Floss & Smile Dental Practice. From regular check-ups to cosmetic dentistry, we can handle it all. Also, we have incorporated the right dental technology to make your experience memorable and unique at our clinic. We use low-radiation digital radiography for taking X-rays. You can also depend on us for emergency dental services. Contact us now to schedule an appointment. We will be happy to receive you at a time convenient for you.
Eco-friendly Dental Office
We follow eco-friendly practices and we have low-radiation X-rays in our brand new office.