The Best In The Industry
A Different Approach
At Lake Spivey Consulting, providing financial piece of mind and recruiting skills in our ever-changing global economy is our goal. We believe in building trust and helping you on your path to financial success and freedom. With over XX years of industry experience, Lake Spivey Consulting is there for you.
At Lake Spivey Consulting, we don’t get our testimonials by asking our clients for them – they give them to us. Still not convinced? Give us a call.
Though our services are divided into basic areas of marketing, finance, production and growth, we treat all our clients as individuals and don’t think a one-sized-fits-all solution will work. We’ll help you develop a customized plan to your unique position.
Quality Over Quantity
Because we have so many brilliant consultants in a wide variety of industries, we’ve been able to pick the very best advice for re-inventing your business into a dynamic, thriving enterprise where people are lining up to get in and share the experience. If you’ve dreamed of making your business extraordinary, our Business Renovation Program will take you there.
We believe in honoring the unique personalities, culture and market that has grown your business so far, and hire only the very best consultants to help you take your business into the future with success beyond your wildest dreams.
Although you can tell a lot about a business or service by looking at its website, the best way to see what they can do is by looking through their customer’s eyes and seeing what they’ve accomplished.
- Optimize Performance
- Contract Consultants
- Costs in Advance
- Technology Planning
Services
Makeover
Whether you need to have some serious work done on your social media marketing, we have marketing experts who can help.
Flow Finance
What if running finance was about being able to capture the very best out of every new possibility that was presented to you?
Production Plus
Production Plus puts the world’s top manufacturing and operations gurus into action cutting your overhead.
Dynamic Growth
If it’s time to take your business to the next level, Dynamic Growth will get you there quickly and efficiently. Let us take you there!
Testimonials
Alan Smith
After we dealt poorly with a product recall, we were worried that our business was going to fail. We had marketing people who could tell us how to promote our products, but nobody could tell us how to regain our customers’ trust and loyalty. NTP’s Marketing Makeover put us back in the game.
AIMEE LEE
We knew we had a great product, but we didn’t know how to take the business to the next level so that we could see real success. The comprehensive Dynamic Growth program offered by NTP worked with us every step of the way so we could grow our company without sacrificing our company spirit. We just made Fortune 500!
About Our Company
Determined to create something better, our company was formed to help small businesses reach that next level without losing their personality. Fortune 500 and some of the best marketers in the world created a dynamic company of consultants who were able to take a small business in hand and turn it into a growing, dynamic powerhouse.
We believe that creating growth is only helpful if the company is able to continue. Destroying a company’s spirit in the interest of growth only leads to a failed enterprise.
Because of this value, we’re always happy to go above and beyond for your company, reaching out to our extensive network of contact to develop the perfect program so your company can realize an amazing level of dynamic growth.
We don’t want you to change. We’ll help you get there without sacrificing your values.