Mulberry
Italian in London and Somerset
CALL US: 01962 869010 or 0845 450 4909
Select your language
We are one of the UK's top providers of private language tuition to businesses, individuals and (self-formed) groups of friends and colleagues up to a maximum of 12.
We have an unrivalled network of friendly, professional teachers willing to come to your home or office at times to suit you.
We can also organise ONLINE lessons which are popular with many of our students, particularly those who travel frequently and are looking for more flexibility.
Our teachers will get you speaking and understanding your chosen language from lesson one!
Over the years, we have helped all sorts of people and companies, throughout the UK, to make rapid progress.
Whether you need to improve your language skills for business reasons, for social purposes, because of a relocation or, to get a good grade in a language GCSE, A Level or any other examination, you have come to the right place!
Lots of people need languages in today's world and we have a great track-record in helping them!
Our teachers can come to your home or office/schedule online lessons at times convenient to you. They can tailor each course to you or your company's particular needs.
Plan your own course schedule! From one lesson a week for those with busy lives, to a full-on intensive course of up to 6 hours a day - the choice is yours. Lessons can be rescheduled for those with busy lifestyles.
From our Head Office in Winchester, Hampshire, we are ready to help you any time with course queries - from start to finish we aim to support you and your teacher in getting the best possible results.
Lesson reports are filed online by our teachers, so we can always see how you are getting on and what extra help you might need.
We will talk to you regularly to check you are happy and developing your language fluency.
Wherever you are in the UK, we look forward to being with you on the exciting journey that is language learning!
Italian in London and Somerset
German in Oldham
Italian in London
French in Maidenhead
German and English in Banbury
Spanish in Southampton
French in London and Leeds
English in Bolton
French in Farnborough
English in Birmingham
French in London
English in London
Spanish in Cheltenham
German in London
Spanish in Poole
French in London
Italian at Loch Lomond
German in Basingstoke
German in Swindon
German in Winchester
Prices start at £32.50 + VAT per hour for 1:1 lessons. Click below for more information on price breaks and group prices.
Have a go at our intriguing test to get a general idea of your level!
"I find 1:1 teaching ideal as the teacher shapes the programme to the way I learn things. The course is focused on what I want to achieve."
© Chris Polatch 2020