“We stayed here over a long weekend and it was absolutely stunning! You truly feel like you are in paradise – with breathtaking panoramic views over the ocean and only a two minute walk to the beach. The house itself is beautiful and stylish with a gorgeous open plan living area, wrap around deck, and beautiful bedrooms overlooking the water. We also loved the spa in the evenings! I will absolutely be back again – we loved every minute”
– Anna –
Sunset Sanctuary, Rocky Bay
“Absolutely loved staying at Bella 7. The house is well equipped with everything you need for a great vacation. 10 mins walk into town, which is a lovely way to walk to breakfast, lunch or dinner! Also walking distance to Oneroa Beach. Would definitely stay there again! Waiheke Escapes were also fantastic to deal with. 11/10!”-
– Peta –
Bella Seven, Oneroa
“We had a delightful five week stay at the Mako Street residence. It really felt like a home from home! The house is perfect for a family with four generous double rooms and two en-suites. A large open plan kitchen/dining area perfect for entertaining in. It’s wonderfully located, very close to the Oneroa shops and beach so for those without a car it’s a great house. Waiheke Escapes were great to deal with and I would recommend this property to anyone coming over to Waiheke for a short or long term stay.”
– Philippa –
Island Villa, Oneroa
Waiheke Island known as the island of wine for its many wineries and vineyards is just a 35-minute ferry ride from downtown Auckland. Based in Waiheke Island, Waiheke Escapes has the perfect Waiheke Island holiday accommodation homes for you. Gorgeous beaches and beautiful vineyards go hand in hand with our selection of luxury Waiheke accommodations, holiday homes, stunning studio accommodations and villas as well as classic kiwi bach’s. Private rural retreats sit alongside spectacular ocean view houses to create a uniquely Waiheke Island experience. With a property to suit every budget, and local staff that have an extensive knowledge of the island, we will make sure that your holiday begins the right way.
Stylish family-friendly holiday accommodation on the breathtaking gorgeous and safe beaches offer so many ways to while away the days. Swimming, snorkelling, paddle-boarding or just relaxing on the golden sands. Enjoy some freshly made fish and chips, or dine in one of the many cafes or restaurants. For those who appreciate wine, there are many boutique vineyards where you can enjoy a wine tasting or two. Some vineyards also have restaurants where you can stay for a delicious platter or an a la carte menu. In the summer it is best to book to avoid disappointment.
As a great gift idea, why not give someone celebrating a special occasion a beautiful Waiheke Escapes Holiday Accommodation gift voucher to go towards their own Waiheke Escape. Our gift vouchers are created individually and personalised with the recipients and gifter’s names. They are then emailed to the purchaser only to forward on to the recipient. This will be done within 24 hours of purchase during week days.
There are few vacations more relaxing than a Waiheke Island holiday, so take a look and see where you could be spending your next Waiheke escape.
waihekeescapes.co.nz
Luxury Waiheke Island holiday homes, stunning studio's and villas as well as classic kiwi bach’s.
holiday@waihekeescapes.co.nz
+64 9 638 2551