#GivingTuesday, the global day of generosity, is today.
Things might look a little different at first glance, but the Antigo Red Robins hockey team is back on the ice preparing for what it hopes wil…
Several employees of the Unified School District of Antigo secured pay raises following approval by the Antigo School Board last week.
Sue Rine shot her nine-point buck in Ackley on the Sunday of opening weekend of deer gun season.
Ashton Arrowood, 13, bagged this six-point buck in the town of Ainsworth. It was Ashton’s first buck.
Year two of the Carla Wissbroecker regime begins Tuesday, as the Antigo Red Robins girls basketball team opens its season with a Great Norther…
Building a consistent winner may be the biggest challenge for any high school varsity coach.
They say you should always remember where you come from. Not as common to hear is that where you come from should always remember you.
Trending Now
Latest e-Edition
The Latest
GREEN BAY, Wis. —Tavon Austin is attempting to make a comeback with Green Bay as the Packers look to add depth to their receiving group.
A man waving a gun at another vehicle and a mystery van that may or may not have struck an electrical pole are among the law enforcement repor…
Two sentencing hearings, both resulting in probation terms, took place in Langlade County Court on Tuesday morning.
MADISON—A powerful Republican lawmaker in the Wisconsin Legislature known for his efforts to combat the opioid abuse crisis announced Tuesday …
A pair of schools who compete in the Great Northern Conference for football only have put in their official requests to leave the conference.
The Rosholt Hornets gave the Wittenberg-Birnamwood Lady Chargers an unexpected challenge on the basketball court Monday night, before Wittenbe…
Free COVID-19 tests will be made available Friday, Dec. 4, at the Langlade County Health Ser…
MARSHFIELD – The new Aspirus Clinic Marshfield, 146 N. Central Ave., opened Tuesday and wil…
MADISON—Senator-Elect Mary Felzkowski (R-Tomahawk) was appointed to serve on the Legislature…
The Boys and Girls Club of Langlade County is conducting a basic needs drive.
Healthy Aging in Rural Towns (HeART) Project, Langlade County Habitat for Humanity and Mid-S…
The spring, summer and fall ATV trails in Langlade County officially closed Tuesday and will…
10 YEARS AGO TODAY
A Madison East High School student has died due to "COVID-related causes," according to a st…