The Laxin' For Lupus Story
James Turco founded Laxin for Lupus in 2015 at 14 years old. He spent his entire life watching his mom Danielle battle lupus. He, like many children, has a lot of respect and admiration for his mom and wanted to do something for her. While doing his research he discovered lupus affects 1.5 million Americans and 5 million people worldwide. While lupus can affect men, 90% are women between the ages of 15 and 44. He wondered why there isn’t a broader awareness of lupus, given the impact it has on the lives of so many people.
While contemplating his school required community service he decided he wanted to do something worthwhile and took his passions into consideration. In his mind, it wasn’t enough to volunteer locally or just show up and check a box at some charity event - asking for as many hours as possible to meet his requirements.
James spent a lot of time pondering his community service goals, his lacrosse obsession and his admiration for his mom. And his 'brainchild' was born - Laxin' for Lupus, a Long Island based youth lacrosse organization with a tournament as its showcase event and a goal to expand to the east coast of the US and … who knows, hopefully one day, nationally.
Checks can also be mailed to
laxin' for lupus
31 The Preserve
Woodbury, NY 11797
We are a nonprofit helping to end the mystery of Lupus
What is Lupus?
Prove People Wrong T-Shirt
50% Polyester 25% Cotton 25% Rayon
Contact us
danielle@laxinforlupus.org
james@laxinforlupus.org
As explained by the Lupus Foundation of America, Lupus is a chronic, autoimmune disease that can damage any part of the body (skin, joints, and/or organs inside the body). Chronic means that the signs and symptoms tend to last longer than six weeks and often for many years.
In lupus, something goes wrong with your immune system, which is the part of the body that fights off viruses, bacteria, and germs ("foreign invaders," like the flu). Normally our immune system produces proteins called antibodies that protect the body from these invaders. Autoimmune means your immune system cannot tell the difference between these foreign invaders and your body’s healthy tissues ("auto" means "self") and creates autoantibodies that attack and destroy healthy tissue. These autoantibodies cause inflammation, pain, and damage in various parts of the body.
Lupus is also a disease of flares (the symptoms worsen and you feel ill) and remissions (the symptoms improve and you feel better).
These are some additional facts about lupus that you should know:
Lupus is not contagious, not even through sexual contact. You cannot "catch" lupus from someone or "give" lupus to someone.
Lupus is not like or related to cancer. Cancer is a condition of malignant, abnormal tissues that grow rapidly and spread into surrounding tissues. Lupus is an autoimmune disease, as described above.
Lupus is not like or related to HIV (Human Immune Deficiency Virus) or AIDS (Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome). In HIV or AIDS the immune system is underactive; in lupus, the immune system is overactive.
Lupus can range from mild to life-threatening and should always be treated by a doctor. With good medical care, most people with lupus can lead a full life.
Our research estimates that at least 1.5 million Americans have lupus. The actual number may be higher; however, there have been no large-scale studies to show the actual number of people in the U.S. living with lupus.
More than 16,000 new cases of lupus are reported annually across the country.
It is believed that 5 million people throughout the world have a form of lupus.
Lupus strikes mostly women of childbearing age (15-44). However, men, children, and teenagers develop lupus, too. Most people will develop lupus between the ages of 15-44.
Women of color are two to three times more likely to develop lupus than Caucasians.
People of all races and ethnic groups can develop lupus.