1,000,000+ SKU eCommerce Platform
Set up your personal store now, pick a plan later. Migrate Me to X-Cart
These companies trust X-Cart
Why choose X-Cart?
Easy to use, easy to maintain, easy to modify
Awesome Design Templates
Get your ecommerce website up and running fast — without breaking the bank. Take a peek at all the great design templates we offer, then choose your fave and start customizing.Browse templates
Excellent cost of ownership
All you pay is a one-time licensing fee! No fee for transactions, no large monthly fees, no sneaky add-on fees like you get with “free” ecommerce software. When you want an upgrade, simply press one button and X-Cart updates automatically.
X-Cart is a valued Avalara Partner. Helping our mutual customers better manage their sales tax compliance by automation helps our customers create a better check out experience, and increases customer retention. We recommend X-Cart as a valuable business partner.
X-Cart is a valued Avalara Partner. Helping our mutual customers better manage their sales tax compliance by automation helps our customers create a better check out experience, and increases customer retention. We recommend X-Cart as a valuable business partner.
Open source PHP code
Open source means full control over everything for you. Add extra features now or in a year or two as your online business grows — no problem!
X-Cart is a flexible open source eCommerce platform with tons of features, great support and professional services that enable TaxJar merchants to grow their business and increase online sales.
X-Cart is a flexible open source eCommerce platform with tons of features, great support and professional services that enable TaxJar merchants to grow their business and increase online sales.
Technological Marvel
For you, it means smart and hassle-free performance. For your developer, it translates to faster work, easier maintenance and scalability plus helpful documentation — all of which are easier on your pocket!
If you just starting your eCommerce business or looking to upgrade from your current shopping cart I encourage you to consider X-Cart. X-Cart is a flexible and easy to use open source eCommerce platform that empowers online merchants to manage all aspects of their online store
If you just starting your eCommerce business or looking to upgrade from your current shopping cart I encourage you to consider X-Cart. X-Cart is a flexible and easy to use open source eCommerce platform that empowers online merchants to manage all aspects of their online store
Fast & Secure
X‑Cart is the only PCI DSS compliant software you can run on your own server. It works on any hosting, even a shared one, while featuring industry leading security — naturally! Seamless integration with the top payment gateways means your ecommerce store can start selling today.
It's important that X-Cart not only enables us to maximize exposure to the right audience but provide a product/service we know to be of great benefit to our own customers.
It's important that X-Cart not only enables us to maximize exposure to the right audience but provide a product/service we know to be of great benefit to our own customers.
Great community
There’s a very active community of many developers and e-commerce industry professionals. They address and solve loads of questions daily based on the real-world experience of actual online business.
The X-Cart team is very knowledgeable and have developed and sold a leading e-commerce platform for many years. They understand e-commerce and work hard to innovate their platform and build functionality and partnerships for the benefit of their customers. Alex and team have been great to work with, delivering on time and being super helpful with everything we needed to get the integration done. Love working with X-Cart!
The X-Cart team is very knowledgeable and have developed and sold a leading e-commerce platform for many years. They understand e-commerce and work hard to innovate their platform and build functionality and partnerships for the benefit of their customers. Alex and team have been great to work with, delivering on time and being super helpful with everything we needed to get the integration done. Love working with X-Cart!
One of the joint owners of Bedstar Ltd
Choose your way to own a store
X-Cart 5 Downloadable
100% free, but you’d need hosting and technical skills to set up your store. You may always contact us for help of any kindDownload
X-Cart Hosted
Your X-Cart 5 store hosted, customized and maintained by X-Cart experts. No techskills requiredStart your FREE trial