A rate limiter, also called gradient limiter or slew rate limiter, is a …
Using tables is a convenient way to deal with data. Engineers, scientists, accountants …
How to import table data (*.csv) in Scilab
When dealing with data we often need to compare different sets/series between themselves. …
How to create a multiple y-axes plot in Scilab
Exhaust Gas Recirculation (EGR) systems are widely used in diesel engines with the …
Exhaust Gas Recirculation (EGR) complete guide – architectures
Exhaust gas recirculation (EGR) is the most common technology to reduce nitrogen oxides …
Exhaust Gas Recirculation (EGR) complete guide – components
The combustion process of the air-fuel mixture within an internal combustion engine is …
Exhaust Gas Recirculation (EGR) complete guide – introduction
As described in the article Engine combustion process explained, internal combustion engines, as …
Effects of vehicle pollution on human health
By definition, internal combustion engines (ICE) burn a mixture of fuel and air …
Engine combustion process explained
In this article we are going to discuss about a high level controller …
EV design – mode management (vehicle control system)
A system can be defined by a model, real (scale model) or virtual …
What is free, forced and total system response
A vehicle with conventional powertrain is using an internal combustion engine (gasoline or …
Mild Hybrid Electric Vehicles (MHEV) – examples
The fuel consumption of a vehicle is directly linked with its CO2 emissions. …
Real world fuel consumption
In an industrial plant, a closed-loop control system has the role of keeping …
On-off control system
Depending on the complexity of the control system, the block diagram can be …
Transfer function algebra
Electric vehicles are using electric machines for propulsion and energy recuperation. An electric …
EV design – electric motors
In every engineering domain using mathematical modeling and simulations brings several benefits during …
EV design – battery simulation
The high voltage battery it is one of the most important component of …
EV design – battery calculation
The high voltage battery of an electric vehicle (EV) is one of the …