Trusted by Hundred’s of world’s best workplaces
A New Business Joins Xoxoday Family Everyday
Agile Business Software Handcrafted For Your Business
Xoxoday suite of products help you drive better results for your business with motivated and engaged people. A motivated employee or channel partner would always go beyond the call of duty and perform better.
Build a happy, motivated & engaged workforce
Helps HRs and CXOs build engaged and happy workforces. It can help manage internal communication, award workflows, leaderboard, budget automation, feedback, surveys, OKRs and more.
Learn More
Engage & motivate channel partners & sales teams
Helps channel managers create an engaged distributor, partner, sales and retail network. It can be used to manage partner communications, sales campaigns, milestone incentives and more.
Learn More
Run rewards, benefits & incentive programs
Helps organizations implement rewards and beneﬁts programs at scale. Explore a vast collection of experiences, digital gift cards, beneﬁts and more, that help power up your global programs.
Learn More
People are engaged and motivated for different reasons. The drivers of people motivation are both instrinsic and extrinsic. One can see high engagement and people motivation when both these drivers are in good balance. Extrinsic drivers like rewards, recognition, benefits and collaboration are visible and add to a person's motivation in public. Instrinsic drivers work with a person's self motivation helping one align to work, have a voice, empower and give purpose to one's work.
Rewards & Benefits
Appreciate and recognize in public with rewards.
Empowerment
Empower them with a voice through surveys, feedbacks and actions.
Alignment
Give clarity on goals and shared vision through milestones, performance plans and reviews.
Collaboration
Help them collaborate on work, shared goals, make communication transparent.
Motivate To
Promote Your Mission
With the use of rich features and extensive rewards catalogue, our clients are enabled to drive their businesses efficiencies. Quickly implement smart rewards programs to achieve great results for your initiatives.
Real Rewards
Provide a wide variety of real choices for your people to redeem their hard-earned rewards, like gift vouchers, experiences, financial products and more.
Plug & Play
Automate all types of rewards, benefits and incentives into one easy to manage dashboard.
Real Time Dashboards
Product designs that ensure reduced admin hassle. Highly significant reduction in manual errors and timelines for program implementation.
Smart Engines
Auto consultants that provides admins with actionable insights to independently create programs.
Empower To
Drive Trust
With the use of feedback and surveys, our clients are enabled to receive quick and actionable insights into their business. Powerful feedback and survey tools efficient tools enable 360 degree feedback.
Gamified Architecture
Plug in your important KPIs and gamify them with rewards.
Real Feedback
Run effective surveys campaigns and measure key business metrics.
Banking Grade Security
Your data is stored in compliance with all relevant legislation, including the stringent requirements of GDPR.
Enterprise Ready
Easy signup process that instantly gives you access to a world of exciting rewarding features that are available in multiple languages and currencies.
Align To
Reduce Friction
With the use of OKRs and goal-setting features, we help our clients to align their teams towards a common mission. Efficiently set goals that can help create high-performing individuals and teams.
Goal Setting
Track and achieve daily improvements like goals, tasks and overall performance.
Polycloud Deployment
Built to scale in cloud based servers like AWS, GCP and Azure.
Proven Results
Robust statistics backed by research and algorithms built by the best minds in the industry.
Collaborate To
Boost Engagement
With the use of live feeds, groups and chats, our clients are enabled to transform their team collaboration and communication to work together. Efficiently interact and communicate to achieve business results together.
Connect With Each Other
Unite your people around a common cause with groups, chats, peer to peer appreciation and company wide events.
Discover Strengths
Evaluate recognition trends and learn the strengths of your team members through detailed analytics and reports.
Voice Based AI Bot
Uses voice input and AI to generate rich query redressals and insights.
What Our Customers Have To Say
We use Xoxoday to recognise and reward the personal and professional achievements of our channel partners - partnership anniversaries, target achievement, birthdays, etc. Xoxoday team's customer-centricity and willingness to go the extra mile for the client requirement made us choose them. The fact that they are a digital platform, their elaborate e-catalogue and their channel partner survey features has made a significant impact on the way we engage with our channel partners.
Pragyan Pattanayak
The redemption portal comes with a simple UI which is customized to Infy needs. The redemption options are quite comprehensive. This significantly enhances our employee experience. Moreover, the analytics report from portal helps us keep a tab on our employee's involvement level in the initiatives. Wish the Xoxoday team all the luck in future endeavors.
HR Lead
Before Xoxoday, our engagement program was dispersed and regional. They helped us unify our engagement program. Their exceptional technology support is one of their greatest advantages. Xoxoday has made our implementation much more streamlined and defined. We have statistically observed that the delivery executives who are engaged through Xoxoday have significantly better shift completion, attendance and delivery time.
Swati Negi
Prior to Xoxoday, our Rewards and Recognition programs were weak, sparse and not digitised. Xoxoday made our programs decentralised and transparent. Within a year of Xoxoday implementation we gained 10 points on our GPTW scores.
Ajay Sreedhara
We were looking to build an employee engagement system that is self-sustaining and unrestrained but pre-definable. Xoxoday addressed this and allowed us to decentralise such a program to empower people to take decisions.There was also a great opportunity of motivating thousands through real time rewards and recognition – which we were losing out before Xoxoday.
Rajeev Tupsakri
We wanted our employees to aspire for a product, achieve milestones to get reward points and finally buy what they aspired for using the reward points and Xoxoday addressed exactly that. Our staff attrition has slumped from 8% to 4.7% - and I completely attribute it to the Rewards and Recognition program run through our Xoxoday platform.
Siddharth Sekhar
Both the HR team and employees – benefited hugely since implementing Xoxoday. This platform had every reward and recognition on it and it helped in complete transparency in the process. The fact that the platform is interactive and interesting leads people to visit and use it often – this drives adoption rates. When one gets recognised even for the smallest of their achievements, everyone gets to know– which is the best way to recognise people.
Nidhi Verma
Our signature club – the top 50 of dealers - contribute 40% of our revenue. It is important to get a better shop share with them because our industry is highly competitive. Xoxoday helped us create and nurture this exclusive community of channel partners with the use of technology, rewards and their aspirational redemption catalogue.
Ajit Pandey
Help everyone in your organization to reach their full potential
Transform your employee, sales partners and consumer-led programs in 60 minutes!