|
View ALL 100+ XP Math Games
By Math Topic -
By Grade Level
|Featured XP Math Games
Use your knowledge about compound probability to help Commander Shepard destroy the Human-Reaper.
Apply your knowledge of integers to destroy an armada of enemy ships!
In Halo: Slope, pilot Master Chief's Ghost by changing Slope and y-Intercept. and take a final stand on planet Slope, humanity’s last line of defense between the terrifying Collinear and Earth.
Survive 10 waves of attack from the Crachá Preto. Stop rockets by evaluating the function. Use Payne's Bullet Time to slow down time.
Round and round she goes, and where she stops nobody knows. Use your knowledge about complex numbers, imaginary numbers, real numbers, rational numbers, integers, and natural numbers to win big!
Help Samus defeat Ridley. Use your knowledge of the x-y coordinate plane. Learn about the coordinate plane here.
|Popular XP Math Games
The rules are simple. Choose a briefcase. Then as each round progresses, you must either stay with your original briefcase choice or make a "deal" with the bank to accept its cash offer in exchange for whatever dollar amount is in your chosen case.
Test your knowledge of landmark fractions by navigating through the city with a helicopter.
Drive past traffic by adding within 20 using mental strategies. To shift to the left, enter the solution to the left arrow and press ENTER. To shift to the right, enter the solution to the right arrow and press ENTER.
Defeat waves of algebraic aliens with a like terms laser cannon.
Spin the wheel to solve the puzzle. Watch out for the Bankrupt!
Apply your knowledge of integers to destroy an armada of enemy ships!
|Latest XP Math Games
Help Naruto collect scrolls and defeat his enemies by finding the line of best fit.
Avengers Assemble! Defeat your foes by fluently adding, subtracting, multiplying and dividing whole numbers.
Enjoy a unique blend of Vegas-style fun and fast-paced multiplication facts.
Learn to measure volumes by counting unit cubes, using cubic cm, cubic in, cubic ft, and Minecraft blocks!
Learn about different ways to represent functions. Click on the function that has a different rate of change than the other three.
Click a VAULT FRACTION to reveal a fraction model. Click a fraction model on the bottom that is equivalent to the VAULT FRACTION. If you match ALL the fractions in a row, you win the amount shown in the prize box. BONUS MULTIPLIER rewards you for attending to precision.
|Privacy Policy
©Copyright 2001-2013 T. L. Hui, admin@xpmath.com