Create powerful business content together
Create powerful business content together
Create
Manage
Present
Share
With Xtensio, your team is…
Effortlessly creative
Make stunning presentations
Create anything you need – pitches, sales sheets, reports, case studies, agendas… Add images, videos, tables and other interactive modules. Drag and drop, resize, change backgrounds, colors. It’s the easiest editor ever. Find inspiration from:
Adaptably collaborative
Work together under one team space
Changes automatically save and sync across all devices, in real-time. View collaborator activity and full revision history. Add notes to versions, revert if someone makes a mistake. Share with a link, keep everyone always up-to-date.
Always ‘on brand’
Ensure brand consistency with the style guide
Work under a customized dashboard, branded with your company logo and your custom URL. Set your team’s style guide and keep all team folios (projects) effortlessly ‘on brand.’ Pick colors from your website. Add custom fonts. Update the style guide as you work with different clients and target new leads.
Naturally organized
Manage with confidence
Group documents by category – project, client, asset type, etc. Tag folios in multiple channels, keep your presentations organized however you need. Control access levels. Work with colleagues and clients on collaboration channels. Track team activity with in-app notifications and engagement with folio stats.
Significantly efficient
No more switching between tools
Copy and merge folios, reuse elements from different projects. Save your own templates. You can even embed on your website. Forget the output and focus on your work. Folios are responsive, live web pages, full-screen digital presentations and exportable PDF/PNGs all-in-one.
Extremely secure
Your team, your data
All plans include 128 bit SSL encryption and backups. Add and remove users at any time, all collateral remains inside the team. All your folios are private. Add password protection to shared links or turn link sharing on/off. Your content is completely under your control.