Paperless Dental Software
With YAPI, you can get back to what really matters, taking care of patients. From electronic dental forms to automated appointment reminders and recall, YAPI has everything a dentist needs for an efficient and modern practice.
Eliminate Printing, Scanning, and Shredding
Stop wasting valuable time on endless data entry, printing, scanning and shredding paper. True Paperless™ solves the problem!
Let your patients review, complete and sign patient forms on an iPad anywhere in your office or via your practice website from the convenience of their home computer or mobile device.
Keep Track of Your Dental Patients
With Practice Dashboard by YAPI™ you can quickly see everything you need to know about your patients in one place, so nothing is overlooked!
Real-time actionable alerts will enable your team to make better and faster data-driven decisions, do more with less effort and fewer interruptions to patient care.
Communicate Discreetly with Your Team
Get everyone in your practice all on the same page with Intra-Office Chat!
Communicate with your teammates discreetly and without interruptions via color-coded, two-way messages with audible alerts to request hygiene checks, call for assistance, summon a provider, or relate any sensitive information.
Automate Appointment Reminders and Recall
Send personalized communications – automatically with Patient Engagement!
Connect with your patients on their own terms via email, true two-way text, and postcards. With personalized automated appointment confirmations, continuous care reminders, and e-mail blasts, you’ll be able to reduce broken appointments, fill your schedule, and reactivate lost patients.
Access Your Dental Practice Remotely
Access important information from your practice remotely online – any time and from anywhere with YAPI POP™!
Now you can view all upcoming appointments, see who’s on your ASAP and Care Call lists, view and respond directly to patient texts from your portal, and more!
Generate Real Online Reviews
Grow and protect your online reputation with InstaReview™.
With automated and personalized review requests, you can generate organic 5-star reviews from your loyal patients on the sites that matter most, such as Google, Yelp and Facebook.
See All Important Caller Information
Deliver an exceptional patient experience over the phone with Phone Assistant™!
You’ll no longer need to search through your practice management software while your patient waits on the line. Now you will have important information about each incoming patient caller conveniently pop up on screen.
What’s New at YAPI?
Register For Our Special Halloween Webinar!
Curious to learn more about YAPI but short on time? This 45 minute Webinar is perfect for you! Reserve a Spot, they’ll fill up fast! We will cover our unique products and plans offered.
Online Scheduling is Coming to YAPI
Scheduling appointments is now more convenient than ever for both your practice and your dental patients! Introducing Online Scheduling by YAPI. Coming soon!
Monsters That Haunt Our Dental Practice
Meet the Monsters of Practice Management. They thrive on haunting dental practices and love to create chaos and destruction. Do they haunt you too?
Ready to take your dental practice to the next level?
Let's Be Social!
Copyright © 2009-2019 Practical Dental Solutions LLC. All Rights Reserved.
YAPI™ is a property of Practical Dental Solutions LLC
YAPI POP™ is a property of Practical Dental Solutions LLC
True Paperless™ is a property of Practical Dental Solutions LLC
InstaReview™ is a property of Practical Dental Solutions LLC
PhoneAssistant™ is a property of Practical Dental Solutions LLC