Pass it on
What will you pass on to the kids in your life?
We know that parents and grandparents have a wealth of knowledge to share with their kids, but sometimes they need a little help teaching money management and saving.Find out more
Here's something to smile about
You can still apply for a Help to Buy ISA until 30 November
Save for a deposit for your first home and claim your 25% government bonus on any amount you save between £1,600 and £12,000 - up to a maximum bonus of £3,000.Apply now
When you've set your heart on something
Save from £1 with our Internet Saver Plus. Open online and manage your savings in just a few clicks.Apply now
1 year limited
access saver
An online account that gives access on one day a year.
- 1.40% gross p.a./AER variable - interest paid annually
- Open this account from £100
- Allows withdrawals on one day per account year (based on the anniversary of account opening), plus closure at any time if required
- You can't move money from existing YBS Group accounts to open or add to this product
- On the first anniversary of account opening your savings will move to a Limited Access Saver Issue 1
Best Building Society Savings Provider
Future proofed
Wouldn't it be good to know your mortgage payments are fixed for the long term?
You can fix your mortgage rate for 7, 10 or 15 yearsFind a deal
Helping borrowers & savers for over 150 years
Changes to the way you log in to your account
For added security, when you log in you’ll need to undertake an extra step to confirm that it’s really you.
Who will you choose?
Help us celebrate exceptional customer service and choose our 2019 Customer Choice Award winner.
Voting is open until Friday 1st November 2019.
Looking for a mortgage? We know your time is precious
Based on the details you give us, we can quickly advise you if we are able to provide you with a mortgage.Let's go!
Our products
News from around YBS
Society extends mortgage term limits
Yorkshire Building Society has increased its maximum mortgage term to 40 years and borrowing age to 80 years old
YBS branches holding financial education events for children over the October half term holidays.
Children at the events will be able to participate in the Society’s Money Minds sessions delivered by colleagues and suitable for those aged 5 to 11 years old.
Over-50s seriously underestimating how much younger households have to spend on essentials
Only 13% of older people know that under-35s’ households have to spend close to two-thirds (63%) of their weekly expenditure on essentials, according to new research by the Intergenerational Foundation.