Build your yearbook anywhere, anytime, with our powerful online software
Just follow the steps provided to get a beautiful end product, full of the content you care about.
Yearbook Machine is a complete service for producing printed yearbooks and leavers' books.
Powerful group features allow everyone to contribute their own photos and text.
Smart templates make professional results possible with minimal effort.
We manage printing, quality control and delivery to make things hassle free.
Just follow the steps provided to get a beautiful end product, full of the content you care about.
Our MagicFlow™ page layout tool takes your content and fits it automatically into elegant, professional page designs.
Faster than most other providers - our process is highly automated.
Pay by PayPal or credit card, in one lump sum or using your own storefront to collect orders.
Free unlimited support by phone or email. We are here to help you every step of the way.
With printing partners around the world, we can deliver to almost all countries.
How many people will be in your book?
Capture the most adorable moments before they get too big!
Our most popular type of book, with over 500 schools served so far.
For colleges, halls of residence, sports teams, clubs or friendship groups.
Corporate, Military, Reunions, Dance Groups, Religious Groups and more.
"With relatively little effort, we created a truly unique book that people found difficult to stop complimenting us on. I grew up with a yearly yearbook, and the one created by Yearbook Machine is by far the best of them all."
"Yearbook Machine is incredible, it allowed us to get 300 people to make their profiles in a very short space of time. It was so simple. We are all ecstatic with our books, and everyone has said they will keep them forever."
"Working with Yearbook Machine has been a great experience. The system itself is ingenious and the books were of exceptional quality. Elegant, colourful, entertaining- definitely a service we will use in the future."
Watch our testimonial video