Opened 6 weeks ago
Opened 7 weeks ago
Love the veggie options that actually taste fresh! I enjoy that this place has a lot of menu options and decor is very modern. Service is always great, and the owner always asks us how they did. A tad more expensive than your regular pho joint but I think it's worth it especially with how clean it is. They also add mint/fruits in the table water!
We still come to JOEYS sometimes, as former regulars we still stop by from time to time. The place still looks the same except for a couple of new faces. Parking is hectic as usual. I ordered my usua... Continue reading We still come to JOEYS sometimes, as former regulars we still stop by from time to time. The place still looks the same except for a couple of new faces. Parking is hectic as usual. I ordered my usual. It took over 20 minutes to get water and then I literally had to ask another server to get the water because Marina was nowhere to be found. Chatting up the staff in the front while "waiting" (not really) on us. Didn't find it a good experience at all, she barely came to check on us and honestly it was our worst experience at JOEYS. We did have a recent good experience though, with another server, I believe her name was annamaria or something like that - so it's not all bad. Honestly, I'd like to see this place better managed because the management should be helping in every area, as much as possible - not just sitting around or walking around. I'm in management myself and I'd love to whip this restaurant up into shape. Honestly, they have a lot to improve on. However, the food was okay. 2/5
Sometimes if there is a bug on my car, I'll ask them to use the bug buster (a little spray to spray it off), I was recently told this isn't available under my wash plan. I'm not sure if it's just wate... Continue reading Sometimes if there is a bug on my car, I'll ask them to use the bug buster (a little spray to spray it off), I was recently told this isn't available under my wash plan. I'm not sure if it's just water or some chemical, but I assume it's just water ... so I would've hoped they could've done it but that's pretty much the only complaint I would have. Other than that, they've been solid. 4.5/5
I am forcing myself to give this place 3 stars because the food, which is the meat of the matter, was good. I had their lobster stuffed shrimps for appetizer and enjoyed it. The steak and prime ribs m... Continue reading I am forcing myself to give this place 3 stars because the food, which is the meat of the matter, was good. I had their lobster stuffed shrimps for appetizer and enjoyed it. The steak and prime ribs my friend ordered were good as I was given a taste! The prices are high however. I am becoming tired of $25 salads or hamburgers. We were there for lunch and the restaurant was empty. The whole elegant interior had the two of us and a lone man at the bar. Great for us and bad for the business. Upon entering the hostess greeted me. Then the telephone rang. She picked it up. It was a co-worker who was likely a manager. They got into a conversation about reservations and number of patrons anticipated that night and who is working. A few minutes pass and she hangs up and says "table for one?" I would have said "table for zero" except I was going to wait for my friend to arrive. On the way out the same girl was at her station having good long friendly chat with a male and a female co-worker. Did any of them look up or notice us leaving? Thankfully, no. After all, far be it from us to disturb their crucial conversation, which surely must have lead to the solving of the global climate crisis, the gap between the rich and the poor, lack of funding for parks and the ongoing highway 407 robbery.
The good, the bad and the ugly! Let's focus on the good first, the food tasted pretty good, no complaints but it wasn't like top notch and parking was easy to find. The booth we requested was given ... Continue reading The good, the bad and the ugly! Let's focus on the good first, the food tasted pretty good, no complaints but it wasn't like top notch and parking was easy to find. The booth we requested was given to us and so far so good... Onto the bad....We've been coming here since the new owner took over and it's not quite the same. We've had one good experience here but the others are quite mediocre. I always order 20 salmon sashimis and I'm given like 12... what's going on here? Service was extremely slow and not on point. We had dishes piling up on our table waiting to be taken by our server but never got taken. Another server had to take the plates away. It also took extremely long to get us simple things like water or lemon, which I found sad because it wasn't even a full house. I've worked in the food service industry when I was younger, so I try and sympathize but this is downright disorganized. It only got more organized when our server changed. The ugly... we love shrimp sashimi and on the website it shows shrimp sashimi as being part of the lunch menu, we also called to make sure and they assured us there was shrimp sashimi. When we get there, no we don't have that for the lunch menu... well, that's upsetting considering I took steps to ensure it'd be there. 2/5.
My friend and I ordered the machher johl (fish stew) and chicken tikka masala, along with fresh naan. The food was tasty and flavourful, but I thought it was very salty, especially compared to other I... Continue reading My friend and I ordered the machher johl (fish stew) and chicken tikka masala, along with fresh naan. The food was tasty and flavourful, but I thought it was very salty, especially compared to other Indian restaurants I've been to. I needed a higher naan (and later rice for my leftover curry lol) to stew ratio to counter the saltiness. As for the ambience, it was very nice and the service was also great :)
I love how they do good in the community by employing staff who may not be given job opportunities due to their developmental challenges. They have different flavours from your standard chocolate, van... Continue reading I love how they do good in the community by employing staff who may not be given job opportunities due to their developmental challenges. They have different flavours from your standard chocolate, vanilla and strawberry. Tried the Chicago Mix, yummy.
One of the few full service gas stations left - for those youngins' a full service gas station is where the attendant pumps the gas for you, you don't have to do it yourself. If you look at the price ... Continue reading One of the few full service gas stations left - for those youngins' a full service gas station is where the attendant pumps the gas for you, you don't have to do it yourself. If you look at the price of gas, beside it on the sign, usually says SELF, this is meant for self-service, meaning you pump your own gas. Back in the day, all gas stations were full serve but then again, back then... a full tank of gas was apparently like five bucks. Anyways, enough about my rant... this full service gas station is amazing. Always great customer service. Only issue is it's open until 9pm, if you need gas later than that, better be ready to get out of your car and pump your own gas. I feel like they should bring back full serves but that's just my opinion. Generally full serve gas stations charge more for their gasoline, just a little but it really depends on if you trust someone pumping gas for you. The location is very small, it doesn't have a car wash but the people are friendly and get the job done! 4/5
My girlfriend loves crepes and we decided on a western crepe. The people there were nice, as we took a while to decide on our order. In food service, some staff will get annoyed or angry but they were... Continue reading My girlfriend loves crepes and we decided on a western crepe. The people there were nice, as we took a while to decide on our order. In food service, some staff will get annoyed or angry but they were very patient. After ordering, they politely told us to take a seat and they'd let us know when it was ready. It tasted amazing. I'd definitely order another. They were nice and it was reasonably priced. The only thing I'd say is, when I asked for a fork, they pointed to one on the counter and said, "there's a fork". Now... I don't know where that fork has been LOLOL but I'd prefer a new one... This crepe restaurant isn't extremely busy but it gets quite a bit of traffic. They also don't accept AMEX contactless payment for anyone who's wondering! 3.5/5