Came here once during the day and tried to come back for dinner but the hours on the Yelp app are off. Friday is 6am to 12midnight, Saturday they close at 6pm to 10pm
I was very excited to try Manam, but we were completely forgotten. It took twenty minutes just for my coke and tea to get to our table. Two other groups of people came before us and got their food ah... Continue reading I was very excited to try Manam, but we were completely forgotten. It took twenty minutes just for my coke and tea to get to our table. Two other groups of people came before us and got their food ahead of us.
AMBIENCE It was very crowded during lunch time, but surprisingly, we were in the queue for about three minutes only. As always, we just needed to write down how many orders of each dish we wanted. FO... Continue reading AMBIENCE It was very crowded during lunch time, but surprisingly, we were in the queue for about three minutes only. As always, we just needed to write down how many orders of each dish we wanted. FOOD & BEVERAGE Baked Bun with BBQ Pork had a crunchy coating and the meaty filling was fairly hot. Glutinous Rice with Lotus Leaf was addicting and easy to break apart with chopsticks. We just ate off the leaf so it wouldn't stick all over the plate. Prawn Dumpling and Steamed Spinach Dumpling with Shrimp were very hot inside and the shrimps were big! Iced Tea was very cold and sweet. SERVICE Staffers were extremely quick to get us drinking water. I can say the same for our orders and they cleaned our table as soon as most of the containers were empty already. Orders were efficiently crossed off the sheet used to track pending orders.
Wow. We stayed here for two nights on our way to Palawan. I stay in hotels a lot for work in the US and I must say, this hotel rivals even the nicest hotels in the USA. Very clean, beautiful rooms,... Continue reading Wow. We stayed here for two nights on our way to Palawan. I stay in hotels a lot for work in the US and I must say, this hotel rivals even the nicest hotels in the USA. Very clean, beautiful rooms, wonderful staff, great breakfast AND AMAZING in room massages available. Bonus is that this hotel is so reasonably priced and SO CLOSE to Robinsons Mall, Rizal Park as well as the water. Highly recommend!
If you're craving for Singaporean food while you're in the Banawe district, Bugis is one option. I especially like their laksa soup and steam boat which have both flavorful broths. They also serve fis... Continue reading If you're craving for Singaporean food while you're in the Banawe district, Bugis is one option. I especially like their laksa soup and steam boat which have both flavorful broths. They also serve fishballs, squid balls, lobsterballs and other delicacies. One thing not great though is the parking which is very limited.
AMBIENCE Although located inside a mall like a number of other branches, the dining experience always feels like we're eating outside a beautiful house with a pleasantly comfortable and cozy vibe. FO... Continue reading AMBIENCE Although located inside a mall like a number of other branches, the dining experience always feels like we're eating outside a beautiful house with a pleasantly comfortable and cozy vibe. FOOD We ordered the Mary Grace Caesar Salad and Mushroom Cream Pasta based on a wonderful first-time try at their Serendra branch, and I'm happy to say that both are still very delicious, filling, and generously served. Pasta was so thick that getting a pizza would be totally unnecessary. Salad was still very fresh and the veggies and croutons both had a nice crunch to offer. SERVICE We might've had to wait a little bit but it was okay because we had wonderful friends to chat with.