We were lured by the promise of $10 daiquiris. We sat down for dinner outside at first but had to move inside due to rain. The outside atmosphere is rather chilled and suited better for smaller groups... Continue reading We were lured by the promise of $10 daiquiris. We sat down for dinner outside at first but had to move inside due to rain. The outside atmosphere is rather chilled and suited better for smaller groups, inside had more of a larger family vibe due to the longer tables. Order outside at the counter window. Despite having multiple beer tapes they only serve bottled beer. They must have stopped taking kegs and couldn't be bothered to remove the tapes. The high ceilings and extended space between tables we felt like the place was a empty. Maybe adding some plant life would help fill the void? The bathroom was in complete disarray. It was so bad that the toilet seat had half broken off. In an attempt to escape no doubt. Not even bleach could save these toilets, a complete renovation is in need. A lot of reviews that I read online complained about the bad service and cold food. Our servers where decent enough. Wait time was quick. The food was piping hot. So why the two stars? Because this place isn't cheap. Thai food is usually a great tasting meal on a tight budget. If I'm spending $43.80 on a chicken pad Thai and a beef pad Thai they'd better be flipping amazing. As it turned out they were a bit boring and lacking in flavour. I know the rent at Moore Park must be high but come on. You can't charge that much for uninspiring food! For three people we spent $76.70 and two of us only had tape water and no sides. I've been to other restaurants where the bills have been a third of the price and ten times more fulfilling taste wise. Would I come back? Unless some urgent changes are made, not a chance.
It seems like there are two Doncaster Hotels in Australia, though I am not sure why this one is called the Doncaster - maybe it has something to do with Old Blighty. Anyway, this really wasn't one of ... Continue reading It seems like there are two Doncaster Hotels in Australia, though I am not sure why this one is called the Doncaster - maybe it has something to do with Old Blighty. Anyway, this really wasn't one of my favourite pubs. It was nice, and it had a couple of decent beers available, but as a pub it really wasn't a favourite.
Poor service. I asked one of the waitress to attend uncontrolled pets rounded around the restaurant with no success. Not coming back.
Used to be great. Now, absolutely over-priced and hopeless. Avoid. Good views cannot make up for the standard.
We were greeted and seated promptly, table was clean and our orders were taken after enough time to view the menus. Portion sizes were large and good value, tasted great and the food was well present... Continue reading We were greeted and seated promptly, table was clean and our orders were taken after enough time to view the menus. Portion sizes were large and good value, tasted great and the food was well presented. Definitely recommend! Great prices, nice view and amazing food and service.
Beautiful hotel, really convenient location right in the center. Busy all the time, surroundings by the clubs,bars, restaurants that is open 24 hrs. Friendly staff and the drag show was super fun!!!