Curious about the Mission? Take a friend, take the day, and take a walk around––you never know which of these eight local spots could be your new favorite. From brunch to roller skating, let’s get exploring.
The Local Yelp
A Mysterious Island Ruled by Goddesses. After directing her daughter's coming of age ceremony, honoring femininity, renewal, rebirth and balance, Queen Prospera causes a storm. A group of young men wash up on the isle, triggering an epic love story between Prospera's daughter and a brave young suitor. Theirs is a love that will be tested. Aerial Straps The artists fly out over the audience on straps suspended from the Carousel, a rotating apparatus high above them. This spectacular demonstration of four-dimensional flight calls for for precision timing, in addition to the skills and physical strength it takes to move at high velocity through 360 degrees. Teeterboard Young men launch themselves high into the air, twisting and turning in a playful high-speed (chase? act? routine? choreography?). They pull off several seemingly impossible feats. Uneven bars The captured young men help the Amazons to present a fast-paced theatrical version of the classic gymnastic routine. Cerceau & Waterbowl Miranda plays in the waterbowl, discovering her own physicality and expressing her sinuous sexuality as she performs a challenging hand-balancing routine.
Sun, Nov 3, 5:00 pm
Surprised to see such mediocre reviews, as this is honestly the best dim sum I've ever had. We came here early on a Saturday morning so luckily it was pretty empty. The restaurant is surprisingly clean inside, and the prices are reasonable. They had a couple dishes that I've never seen before in any other dim sum restaurant (which were actually really good!). I ordered the normal staples you order at dim sum (har go... Continue reading
We all end up visiting the same touristy places and end up missing out on so many cool local spots with local flavor with all the hidden gardens/churches/museums and restaurants. Here’s a list to start exploring some other places...
Great little spot in the Mission. Great prices and staff. My goto spot when I'm in the City
I read an article in sfgate on best bakeries in SF. Classic example of a bakery that looks way better than they taste. We tried several kinds of cupcakes and while the frosting is quite good, the cake... Continue reading I read an article in sfgate on best bakeries in SF. Classic example of a bakery that looks way better than they taste. We tried several kinds of cupcakes and while the frosting is quite good, the cake itself is dry and sometimes tasteless, particularly the yellow cake. Super disappointed.
I had an MRI done of my ankle here. I was crystal clear in explaining to them that I was paying for this procedure with my HSA as my insurance plan does not cover anything until you reach the deductib... Continue reading I had an MRI done of my ankle here. I was crystal clear in explaining to them that I was paying for this procedure with my HSA as my insurance plan does not cover anything until you reach the deductible. I did my due diligence getting an estimate from Simon Med and speaking with my insurance prior to the procedure. They told me the procedure would be $300ish dollars. I agreed to the procedure only under the premise that that would be the cost. Now they're harassing me saying I owe them an additional $680 because they tried to bill my insurance and my insurance denied them. So now they're passing the buck to me. The billing department is only open from 8-4 on week days which is when I work so it's extremely difficult to contact anyone. The people I speak to on the phone are rude and repeat the same thing over and over again: "Is there anything else I can help you with?" Uh, you can stop harassing me about this false bill? They've hung up on me twice, once after leaving me on hold for 15+ minutes. Made me late to my client. Such a scam they're running here. They charge as much as they can get away with and bilk insurance companies and the patient for everything they can get.
Overall very nice restaurant. Service was too notch and booze was also. We had the pork bacon chop with lobster on top which was amazing. Very well seasoned with a nice kick. Really enjoyed this place... Continue reading Overall very nice restaurant. Service was too notch and booze was also. We had the pork bacon chop with lobster on top which was amazing. Very well seasoned with a nice kick. Really enjoyed this place on my wifey date night.
Very good Indian spot. Food was on point my only start deduction was due to very slow service. It took about 40 mins to get our lunch orders
As always, this place is always great. You get your food pretty quickly upon ordering. My gf and I shared a large #1 and got the A9 appetizer. We kept it pretty simple tonight as we both weren't that ... Continue reading As always, this place is always great. You get your food pretty quickly upon ordering. My gf and I shared a large #1 and got the A9 appetizer. We kept it pretty simple tonight as we both weren't that hungry. Would definitely come back again and again.