There was a time when I didn’t get the point of a short puffer jacket, because if it was cold enough to wear one, then a puffer needed to be long enough for sufficient insulation. I could not have been more wrong and these days the short puffer is a workhorse in my style.
Link Love: What to Wear to Get Things Done
I’m enjoying reading through all the instalments of the In Her Shoes series on The Cut website. It’s “a column about …
Team Earth Tones or Team Jewel Tones
It’s been an incredible year for earth tones. After years of jewel tones being at the forefront of fashion, I’m happy about …
Planning Outfits in Advance
I’ve had my style consulting business for almost 14 years, and over all that time the story has been the same. Most of …
Never Say Never
Too many times in the fashion and style world, and on YLF in particular, people say that they will never wear a particular style, …
Team Nike or Team Adidas
Today’s poll asks you to choose between two of the biggest athletic brands in the world: Nike and Adidas. Nike is American, and …
Link Love: This Season’s Jewellery Trends
Let’s have a look at some jewellery trends for Fall/Winter 2019. From pearls with a modern twist to beaded pieces, here are 8 …
I Weaned Myself Down to One Pair of Skinnies
I’m completely off clingy skinnies on this leg of my style journey. Even the equestrian look that I adore with tall flat riding …
Do You Have a Short, Regular or Long Neck?
I often talk about the silhouettes of tops or toppers creating a flattering effect on shorter or longer necks. I assume that you knew …
Fashion News Roundup: September 2019
A Ralph Lauren “Friends” collection, an online class from Anna Wintour, and more news from the fashion trenches this month. …
Link Love: Sweater Weather
Many of us are currently looking for a new Fall sweater or two, so let’s have a look at what the fashion sites are rounding up …
Shopping My Closet for “New” Items
I’ve been wearing many of my older items this year. In many cases I haven’t worn them in recent seasons, so it feels …
Style Beyond Blue Jeans
It’s a style goal of mine to wear skirts, dresses, casual pants, and dressy pants more frequently, and blue jeans less …
Link Love: Fashion Week & The Issue of Diversity
September is fashion show month, and I noticed that fashion publications are increasingly paying attention to diversity and sincerity: …
Team Shop or Team No Shop
This week’s poll is about your shopping preferences, or lack thereof. I’ve been in the rag trade for 27 years, and …
Nordstrom, Remember Your Roots
I’ve shopped at Nordstrom since Greg and I moved to the US sixteen years ago, becoming a diehard fan of the department …