Path // www.yourhtmlsource.com → WELCOME
HTML Source
Welcome to HTML Source! Come in, look around. Don’t be overwhelmed by the ample bounty of HTML tutorials available, each packed with in-depth expert advice, full diagrams and miraculous wit. Yep, I’m blowing my own trumpet here. I hope you know what I mean by that...
Have a look in the navigation bar on the right there to begin your journey. If you are just starting your illustrious HTML career, have a leaf through the two “Starting Off” sections. If you want more specific tutorials check out the in-depth “Lessons” on each aspect of HTML and CSS, and if you’re well-versed in the arts of web development you should read the “Advanced” stuff. You can also get technical with the “Scripting” tutorials. Finally, the HTML Reference charts and whatnot are in a table further down this page. If you want to find a certain tutorial fast, use the Search box at the top there.
The site is being added to constantly and offers a wealth of information and tips on each topic. You can find a list of all the stuff in the full index, and you can keep up to date on the site's progress over in the updates, should you be so inclined.
Happy hunting.
<HTML Tag Reference>
<Special Characters>
<Text Formatting List>
<Web-safe Colours>
<Webmaster Glossary>
<HTML 4 Explained>
<XHTML Explained>
<Named Colours>
Our most popular tutorials
A Focus on Standards
The web is moving forward at a frenetic pace; new technologies and techniques are coming into mainstream use all the time. HTML Source is one of the few web development tutorial sites that has been kept modern along the way. We have tutorials on all the core stuff you want to know to keep your skills up to date.
So, here in an easily-accessible list are links to the things which you really really should learn.
- Do you know every HTML element there is? Even all the ones that were brought in with HTML 4.01? You don't need to worry about the dreaded ‘browser support’ anymore (at least for HTML elements — cross-browser JavaScript is still occasionally challenging).
- Are you still kicking it old-school with plain old HTML? You might consider using the joint standard, XHTML (eXtensible HTML), which can lead to cleaner code. It isn’t difficult to change, and we have an entire tutorial illustrating the differences, XHTML Explained.
- Have you started using CSS yet? If you haven’t, it’s time. CSS is the most important of HTML’s supporting languages to know. There’s an entire CSS section here for you to explore, so go and make a stylesheet now.