The origin is the exceedingly ancient Indo-European root *k̑erə-. The core idea of this root was “mixing together” with one of the main contexts being the mixing of ingredients of food. Mammoth stew with wild forest mushrooms for instance… hmmmmm. That was a good dish, I can tell you that. A lot has changed since then. Mammoths emigrated to space, we put a man on a moon and we talk to our computer. But one of the things that hasn’t changed is, we still eat. And rühren is still what we do, if we want to mix it.
and welcome to our German word of the Day. This time with yet another one of those words that are quite common in everyday German, that somehow get overlooked by textbooks. Ladies and gentlemen… get ready for a look at the meaning of
And because erledigen isn’t only really useful itself but also has quite an interesting family, we’ll start thousands and thousands of years ago, with the hyper ancient, allegedly incredibly good looking Indo-Europeans. More specifically, with the Indo-European language root *el.
Sorry for the typo, haha. So yeah, we’ll look at das Lobtoday, not only because it’s something that everybody likes to get, but also because there are a few related words that seem to have as much connection to das Lob as I have to the WIFI in the library. NONE!! If you listen to this, dear library… your WIFI is really really not good. And that by the way was kind of the opposite of a Lob…
Gelingen is one of those weird words many of you have probably missed for some reason, even though it is quite useful and common. And it’s one of those verbs that have ge- as an actual non-separable prefix, not just a past marker. And if you’re now like “We DO NOT know what you’re talking about, Emanuel, this is advanced stuff….” let me tell you that you, all of you, know at least one other example for these kinds of verbs… gefallen :). The two actually kind of fit together, both grammatically and thematically… something that mir gelingen will probably dir gefallen. But I’m getting ahead of myself …