- Max. 1200 Credits per Year
- 100 per Month
- Detailed Status Codes
- IP Address Geo Location
- 18 Validation Tools Included
- Team Accounts
- Multiple API Keys
- 24/7 Chat Support
See how fast and accurate our email validation system is!
With our online email validation system, you will receive access to all of these services:
Our email list validator removes all invalid email addresses to prevent bounces and preserve your sender reputation.
Benefits:
Spam traps don’t belong to real people, and abuse account owners will mark your emails as Spam. Keeping them in your list will tarnish your sender reputation and even get you blacklisted. Let our email list checker weed out these risky email addresses.
Benefits:
Email list validation is at the foundation of your email hygiene. But once you benefit from our email scrubbing service, try ZeroBounce A.I. to learn more about your results. ZeroBounce A.I. is an email scoring system that uses artificial intelligence to rate the value of an email address.
Benefits:
When you use a clean email list, you’re already steps ahead of your competitors. But what if you could enhance it even more? Our email list scrubbing system helps you do that within minutes.
Knowing more about your subscribers helps you nurture them with the right content at the right time.
ZeroBounce provides APIs with complete SDKs and integrations, so you can seamlessly automate your email collection process.
No overages, buy exactly what you need! Credits will never expire.
|Number of Emails
|Price per Email
|2K to 5K
|$0.008
|5K to 10K
|$0.0078
|10K to 100K
|$0.0065
|100K to 250K
|$0.0039
|250K to 500K
|$0.003
|500K to 1M
|$0.0022
|1M to 2M
|$0.00159
|2M to 5M
|$0.001385
|over 5 Million
|Call for Pricing
|Enterprise plans starting at $1,500 a month
|Click/Call for Details
Our email list verifier can identify emails that have a history of marking emails as spam, thus improving the health and hygiene of your email list.
Our system identifies the gender of some emails in your list. As part of the email verification process, if you upload the list with first names, we append the gender. If you don't have names, and we find a name, we’ll append the gender.
Our software identifies temporary email accounts that are used to mask real email addresses. We run a thorough email list cleaning to weed them out.
Our Email Validator API allows you to verify email addresses instantly on your platform. You` can check the validity of emails in any language including .NET, JQUERY, PHP, PYTHON, JAVA, etc.
Our tool checks for domains that are identified as catch-all domains. Catch-all domains are domains which return valid for all emails. Each email address validation brings you closer to better email hygiene.
We give you the option to download only the results you want. Once the email verifier finishes cleaning your list, choose what interests you the most.
Our Email Validator App identifies many spam traps that might exist in your email address lists. Removing spam traps is essential to your email hygiene.
The ZeroBounce API finds the full name and location of a certain email user. You will not only get a complex email scrubbing service, but also enrich your email list with missing information.
Our Email Validation software tells you which emails will bounce. To keep your bounce rate under control, use an email cleaning system before every blast
You supply the registration IP and our email list validator will append the country/region/city/zip.
The API can also help you identify domains that are known for abuse, spam, and bot created emails in your email address list.
Our Email Verification Tool gives a big picture overview of what your data looks like.
Our Free Validator will tell you if an email belongs to a free domain e.g (gmail.com, hotmail.com, aol.com) and will also tell you if it is toxic, disposable and if available, give you first and last name as well as gender.
Our API offers MX Record Detection and will tell you if an MX Record was found for the domain being checked. This way, you will know if a certain email address is genuine or fake.
Our email checker will record the MX Record we did the SMTP test against for your email.
We display the popular SMTP providers for each email address, so you can easily group your emails to see which mail provider you are sending to.
Our API also provides typo correction and suggests a possible correction for misspelled email addresses. The system won’t allow typos to affect your email hygiene.
Our Email Data Append deploys the latest anti-greylisting technology and gives you the most accurate results.
Inc. magazine has recognized ZeroBounce on its annual Inc. 5000, the most prestigious ranking of the nation’s fastest-growing companies. ZeroBounce ranks number 851 on the list that celebrates America’s independent and midsized businesses.
Want all the details about this year’s Inc. 5000?
Quickly analyzed and "cleansed" our list of 20,000 emails. The insights from ZeroBounce email verification service helped us improve the data quality. This was especially useful for eliminating bots and dead email accounts, and clean up legacy accounts. We were able to purge a lot of records, which reduced our licensing costs for the new MA platform.
Jeremy M.
Brand Strategist & Keynote Speaker
ZeroBounce was able to clean up some of our massive, outdated contact lists in a fairly short amount of time with complete accuracy. Furthermore, the owner of the website and some of his employees reached out several times to make sure everything was good and that we were completely satisfied with the software.
Patrick C.
Vice President of Sales