Engage customers faster with Texting for
Business™
Communicate with customers the way they prefer — texting. See how Zipwhip’s easy-to-use software helps improve customer responsiveness and satisfaction.
Powerful texting features for businesses of all sizes
Create reusable templatesQuickly send standard messages again and again with easy-to-create text templates.
Schedule text messagesAvoid last-minute scrambles by scheduling texts like appointment and billing reminders.
Set up auto repliesEnsure your customers always get a response, even when they text you outside of business hours.
73%
of consumers wish more businesses texted them
96%
of consumers find phone calls to be disruptive
83%
of consumers respond to text messages within 30 mins or less
Improve communication across your business
Service & support
Resolve customer issues and increase productivity with lower call volumes and faster daily operations.
Marketing & promotions
Improve engagement and generate new revenue through text marketing. Promote contests, events, sales and campaigns.
Billing & collections
Remind customers of upcoming payment deadlines and batch-notify delinquent customers of late payments.
Recruiting
Connect with candidates quickly and discreetly. Send interview reminders and request availability and documents.
Alerts & reminders
Reduce no-shows with automated appointment reminders and send alerts to multiple people at a time with Group Messages.
Sales
Prevent leads from going cold by integrating texting into your CRM. Easily schedule calls and send meeting reminders.
Internal communications
Reach employees in the office or the field with general company announcements or emergency communications.
35,000+ businesses large and small trust Zipwhip for effective business texting
How the Portland Timbers use Zipwhip to build connections
“Developing a relationship has been really important to us. Having a personal rep to answer any questions is essential to how we do that, and Zipwhip’s been a great tool to create that connection and make sure we do it in the best possible way.”
Become a texting expert
E-book
See our latest research on why consumers ignore phone calls and learn what you can do about itGet your copy
E-book