Flexible dates. No hidden fees.
Multilingual team of boat holiday experts.
21,000 insured & verified boats with optional crew.
Spend quality time with those who matter most. Rent a boat or charter a yacht with your family and even have a professional skipper. Find out more →
A romantic holiday to remember. Rent a beautiful sailboat for two and make more memories on the sea! Find out more →
The bonding experience of a lifetime. Rent a catamaran or charter a luxury yacht and spend an amazing time on one of the top party islands in the world! Find out more →
Let us help you pick the perfect boat.
Sailing routes. Things to do and see. Recommendations.
Airport to marina transfers available upon request and availability.
Sail off in style with our optional concierge service.
Ask us about licences, insurance and crewlists.
Pet onboard? Fishing equipment? We can make it happen.
Adventurers. Wanderlusters. Sunseekers. Full-time sea lovers. Welcome to Zizoo, where we make each boat holiday unforgettable. Sit back and relax while we take care of building your dream experience at sea.Learn More
Wide, roomy and stable, the catamaran is the perfect boat for families with children and those looking to sail in style. With large cabins and spacious decking area, the catamaran is for those who cherish comfort. Catamarans are great for first time boat holidayers.
The sailboat is an all-time-favourite for both beginners and experienced sailors. Being on a sailboat is a one-of-a-kind experience that connects you with the elements. Sailboats are the most environmentally-friendly boat type and sailing one is always a fun adventure, packed with character.
Motor boats are ideal for shorter trips and island hopping. Fast, comfortable and beautiful, they offer a unique onboard experience that's bound to turn heads.
Gulets are traditional larger vessels, which can be rented mainly in Turkey and Croatia. They can usually accommodate 10-15 people and are always crewed with a captain and often a chef and a hostess.