Over 3750 NAVLE®-format questions
Written by our editorial board of specialists and educators
Continuously updated and referenced
Clear answers highlight key clinical facts and treatments
More practice questions than any other service!
Take a look...
The Zuku APP is here!
The APP to study on the go
and always have
ZUKU with you
Take a look...
Zuku answers link directly to the Merck Vet Manual online
The only service with comprehensive, referenced answers
that link to the Merck Merck Vet Manual online and
other online resources
Take a look...
1800 Vet Board Game Flash Cards
Test your recall
Make a game out of boards prep
Exclusive with Zuku Review Premium!
Over 1200 image questions
Pictures help concepts stick
Learn fast, learn visually
250 new questions!
Take a look...
Zuku Premium Visual Videos -
Take a look!
45 hours of distilled boards prep: "Top 20 Equine," "Reportables," "Epi-Made-Easy," and more!
Too busy to watch?
Multitask while you listen to audio-only versions!
Timed tests mimic the real thing
Mimic the experience of the actual boards
Reinforce material you have studied for months
Gain test-taking confidence with improved time management
Detailed progress statistics
Track improvement by species and specialty
Helps you allocate study time
Mobile-optimized
For 24/7 on-the-go access
More than 100 Zuku Visual FlashNotes™
Loaded with images for fast, efficient, visual review
Missed questions recycle and answer choice are randomized
Reinforce key concepts
Build confidence on tough topics
Randomized answer order prevents rote memorization
Take tests up to four times
Use study mode (unlimited time) or test mode
Go by species, specialty, and more
The Zuku Guarantee™ for peace of mind
Take your test with confidence
Need help with your Vetvance code? Contact us at support@zukureview.com
"ZUKU HELPED ME PASS NAVLE® WITH A 496, UP 84 POINTS FROM LAST TIME! THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR HELPING TO GET ME ORganized with a structured approach to studying!"— DR. D, COLORADO STATE UNIVERSITY