Your Customers Come First
Your Customers Come First
Functionality On the Go
Multi-site staff scheduling software and time & attendance solutions that travel with you.
AdaptX™ harvests long-term point of sale and customer trafﬁc data so that you can adjust your labor model based on the most accurate and up-to-date sales & customer forecast. Learn more
By providing an easily accessible and intuitive graphical display of labor versus customer demand, Labor Optix™ lets you know where you are under- or over-stafﬁng. Learn more
On the MetriX Pro™ interactive dashboard, labor metrics and KPIs respond immediately to changes in workforce scheduling app, ensuring that managers always have store proﬁtability and goals in mind. Learn more
With Staff Xchange™, your staff at multiple locations can trade shifts with each other, and managers can easily ﬁll shifts and avoid double- and over-scheduling staff who are working at different sites. Learn more
The Labor TraX™ timekeeping interface records hours worked and ﬁnal sales, showing you how your decisions affected proﬁtability and allowing you to compare attendance through online scheduling software. Learn more
Our Customers
“Zuus Workforce allows us to focus on growing our business because all our workforce management issues are under control. Zuus speeds up our payroll process by 80%. We’ve reduced our labor cost percentage across all our stores by 3-5%.”
Robert Hazan
FOUNDER & CFO GUZMAN Y GOMEZ™
“To reach our productivity targets at SUBWAY™ we need to have enough staff to ensure quality of service. Zuus Workforce helps us put the right staff on the counter and eliminates overspending. We’re confident that every store is meeting targets, even though our stores are across three states.”
Matt Henderson
FRANCHISEE SUBWAY™ WITH 21 STORES
“Yogurtland has experienced fast growth. Implementing Zuus Workforce right from day 1 has been essential to quickly and effectively standardise our operational procedures across franchised and corporate units.”
Theo Koutrodimos
COO YOGURTLAND AUSTRALIA